Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cde6d8wyp79o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Ireland's RTÉ said it felt that its "participation remains unconscionable given the appalling loss of lives in Gaza and the humanitarian crisis there which continues to put the lives of so many civilians at risk." Reuters Singer Yuval Raphael, who survived the 7 October Hamas attack in 2023, represented Israel at this year's Eurovision Spain is one of Eurovision's "Big Five" countries along with France, Germany, Italy and the UK. Approximately 50 broadcasters, including the BBC, attended a meeting of the European Broadcasting Union (EBU) on Thursday to discuss the future of the contest, which is watched by more than 150 million people each year. They were asked to back new rules intended to discourage governments and third parties from organising voting campaigns for their acts, after allegations that Israel unfairly boosted its entrant, Yuval Raphael, this year. "This vote means that all EBU Members who wish to participate in the Eurovision Song Contest 2026 and agree to comply with the new rules are eligible to take part," the EBU said. Getty Images Austrian singer JJ won May's contest in Basel, Switzerland, toppling Israel from pole position at the last minute Martin Green, director of the Eurovision Song Contest, said he was "pleased" that members had been given an "opportunity to debate" Israel's place in the contest before the vote. "It was a full, frank and honest and quite moving debate, but as we can see from the emphatic result, they really came together on a belief that the Eurovision Song Contest shouldn't be used as a political theatre, it must retain some sense of neutrality." Israel's President Isaac Herzog praised the decision to allow the country to compete, calling it "an appreciated gesture of solidarity, brotherhood, and co-operation, symbolising a victory over those who seek to silence Israel and spread hatred". He said he was "glad that Israel will participate again in Eurovision and I hope that the competition will remain one that sanctifies culture, poetry, and friendship between peoples and cross-border cultural understanding". "Is this what we truly want this contest to be remembered for on its 70th anniversary?" The BBC, which broadcasts Eurovision in the UK, said in a statement: "We support the collective decision made by members of the EBU.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c0l9nrkd4z6o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: We'll end children living in B&Bs, government says 5 hours ago Share Save Hayley Clarke Education reporter Share Save Getty The government has pledged to stop children growing up in B&Bs and to make childcare more accessible for families on Universal Credit as part of its child poverty strategy. But the Institute for Fiscal Studies (IFS) said there was "considerable uncertainty over how large a reduction in measured poverty these policies will ultimately deliver, partly due to genuine economic uncertainty". The government's child poverty strategy comes after it reversed the two-child benefit cap, expanded free school meals to all children from families receiving Universal Credit, and introduced free breakfast clubs. The IFS said ending the two-child benefit cap was forecast to account for 450,000 of the children lifted out of poverty by the end of the Parliament, with the remainder attributable to expanding free school meals. Shadow work and pensions secretary Helen Whately said: "You don't lift children out of poverty by making the whole country poorer." She said work was "the best way out of poverty", adding: "Only the Conservatives have a credible plan to grow the economy, support parents back into work and tackle child poverty." The government says the "devastating impact" on children living in temporary accomodation includes damage to physical and mental health, missing school and family disruption. James Cassidy, headteacher of Eton Park Junior Academy in Burton-upon-Trent, told the BBC that he increasingly sees pupils coming into school tired, anxious and stressed, having a knock-on effect on their concentration and friendships. Headteacher James Cassidy said he increasingly sees pupils coming into school tired, anxious and stressed Under the government's plans, councils will also have a new legal duty to notify schools, health visitors and GPs when a child is placed in temporary accommodation to provide "a more joined up" approach to supporting them. The government confirmed that it will continue an £8m pilot to reduce dependence on B&Bs as emergency accomodation in the 20 local authorities with the highest use over the next three years. Pepe Di'Iasio, general secretary of the Association of School and College Leaders, said the plans will make a "real difference" but called for "more than just these policies in isolation". It has pledged a rule change from next year to extend eligibility for upfront childcare costs to people returning from parental leave, which it said will make it easier for new parents who receive Universal Credit to return to work.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cwyv7211jljo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: How a 'fertility gap' is fuelling the rise of one-child families 3 hours ago Share Save Hazel Shearing Education correspondent Share Save BBC Natalie Johnston was scrolling on Facebook a couple of years ago, when she came across a group called, "One And Done On The Fence". She and her husband have a five-year-old daughter called Joanie but they knew they probably wouldn't have a second child - not because they couldn't, but not out of choice, either: Natalie finds it hard to imagine having the time and money for one. "You know you'd love that baby, everyone tells you, but there's a little teeny niggle where you think, 'what if I put my first in that position where she can't do the activity she wants to do because I've got to spread money out between two'?" She adds: "Is it okay to say you're only having one because they don't fit into modern ways of parenting?" Getty Images People aren't "turning their backs on parenthood", says the UN - some people simply can't afford it Modern parenting, for Natalie, 35, looks like family holidays with Joanie. The fertility rate was 1.41 children per woman in England and Wales last year, according to the Office for National Statistics (ONS) - the lowest on record for a third year running. (Though the peak was 47% in the early 2010s, which then dipped before picking up again after Covid.) The UK's falling birth rate is part of what the United Nations calls a "global fertility slump", which it puts down, in part, to money worries. A study from University College London (UCL) last year suggested two-fifths of 32-year-olds in England want children – or more children, if they are already parents – but only one in four of them are actively trying to conceive. "It becomes a whole lot more difficult to get pregnant [and] it becomes a whole lot more difficult to keep the pregnancy." Fewer pupils, less cash for schools The falling birthrate is giving education policymakers a headache. The number of pupils in England has dropped by 150,000 since 2019, and will fall by a further 400,000 by the end of the decade, according to the Education Policy Institute. Getty Images Bridget Phillipson said she wanted 'more young people to have children, if they choose to' About a year ago, a post on a UK Reddit thread for teachers raised what one contributor saw as another potential impact of more only children on the education system. The idea that children without siblings may be selfish or spoiled dates back to research conducted in the late 19th century by psychologists G Stanley Hall and E W Bohannon. Only children and academic performance Dr Mancillas has spent her career exploring family dynamics, the development of only children, and mental health intervention in schools - and says most research "consistently demonstrates advantages of being an only child, particularly in educational and academic outcomes". "This singular focus of resources tends to provide academic advantages for the only child." She points to some research that suggests many only children did better academically when schools closed to most pupils in lockdowns during the Covid-19 pandemic, "because of the relative availability of parental resources". Getty Images 'Children with siblings share in parents' time, emotional support, attention, and financial resources whereas the only child does not,' argues Dr Mancillas "Resource dilution" is one of three social science theories about the consequences of being an only child, according to University College London (UCL) academics. But, like Dr Mancillas, they say it "generally does not support the socialisation theory as it finds that only children are comparable to children with siblings (especially those with few siblings) in terms of personality, parent-child relationships, achievement, motivation and personal adjustment". This would suggest that parents who have one child likely place a high value on education overall." 'Little emperors' and 'one-child dynasties' Earlier this year, Susan Newman, an American psychologist explored so-called only-child dynasties - where parents who are only-children, have one child themselves - in an article to accompany her new book, Just One: The New Science, Secrets & Joy of Parenting an Only Child. Count on seeing more of them, most noticeably without the spoiled, entitled 'little emperors' we heard so much about for so long -despite a lack of evidence to support such misinformed stereotypes." The phrase has been used as shorthand to describe the only children born under China's one-child policy, the idea held by some being that it led to a generation of "solitary children pampered and paraded with a retinue of parents and elders". Getty Images Nanny training in China, where there was previously a one-child policy However, while the policy did leave a lasting legacy after its end in 2015 - an ageing population, for example, and a gender imbalance because of a traditional preference for male children - research has suggested that the "little emperor effect" has not been a part of it. 'People feel very alone in this' The phrase "one and done" was only just beginning to emerge when New York-based journalist Lauren Sandler began writing her 2013 book, One and Only: The Freedom of Having an Only Child, and the Joy of Being One. "I would be on the subway with my adorable child and someone would say, 'so cute, when are you having another one?' "There is so little discussion about what it means to have single children, which is incredible to me considering how many there are." She adds: "I think that people feel very alone in this." She began to question why some people assumed she would want more children, something she also explored for her work. "A family was a workforce, and that was very much a necessity until the industrial revolution." Only after the industrial revolution, and the introduction of child labour and welfare laws did that change. And so that is sort of the opposite of the selfish stereotype of only children." Trump and the $5,000 'baby bonus' So teachers may not really have a generation of "little emperors" on their hands. "Falling birth rates and an ageing population can create pressures on public services and public finances because the balance between the number of people working and the number of people drawing on age-related services changes over time," says Dr Alina Pelikh of University College London, who specialises in demography. "Governments may need to consider adjustments - whether through pension age, contributions, or other measures - to ensure long-term sustainability." AFP via Getty Images The Trump administration raised the idea of a $5,000 'baby bonus' to incentivise people to have more children The concerns are global, and governments around the world are trying to encourage people to have more children.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cy0p50ej0w2o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: My husband would still be alive if he'd got Post Office compensation 4 hours ago Share Save Emma Simpson Business correspondent Share Save Jonathan Armstrong died in October before receiving full compensation A sub-postmaster whose life was ruined by the Post Office's faulty accounting software has died without receiving his full compensation. His widow, Sarah, is now looking into claiming damages against the Post Office for his death, saying the "constant cycle of stress" after being wrongly accused of stealing due to the Horizon IT scandal took its toll on her husband's health. Warning - this story contains discussion of suicide and suicidal thoughts Speaking about her family's ordeal for the first time exclusively with the BBC, Sarah Armstrong said: "I truly believe that if we'd been paid out five years ago, he would still be here." The family also revealed that Jono, as he was known, had tried to take his own life. "So when I realised he hadn't come back, I thought that's what he had done." Jono's wife Sarah and daughter Becky have spoken publicly for the first time about his death Their daughter Becky drove to find Jono and by the time she arrived the emergency services had saved him. Sarah Armstrong Jono died just days before he and Sarah's 34th wedding anniversary He was "a broken man" suffering from anxiety, depression, high blood pressure and exacerbated diabetes, said Sarah. Jono had only received an interim payment from the Post Office which he had used to buy a small caravan in a holiday park near Cirencester where Sarah still lives. Sarah says Jono had been "obsessed' about securing his full financial redress not just as vindication that he had done nothing wrong but to start a new life with his own permanent home and garden, "somewhere in the sunshine." "If he'd had that compensation, I think he would have been OK.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cgexgwr1wrro?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: President Vladimir Putin has warned again that Ukrainian troops must withdraw from Ukraine's eastern Donbas region or Russia will seize it, rejecting any compromise over how to end the war in Ukraine. The original iteration of the US peace plan proposed to hand over areas of the Donbas still under Ukrainian control to the de facto control of Putin - but the Witkoff team presented a modified version in Moscow. In his India Today interview ahead of a state visit to Delhi, Putin said he had not seen the new version before his talks with Witkoff and Jared Kushner, Trump's son-in-law. On Wednesday, Zelensky said "the world clearly feels that there is a real opportunity to end the war" - but negotiations must be "backed by pressure on Russia", which Kyiv and its European allies accuse of deliberately stalling any ceasefire agreements. The Ukrainian president said last week his top negotiators had managed to make some key changes in the original US peace plan - seen as strongly favouring Moscow - during talks with an American delegation in Geneva on 23 November. Top negotiators from Europe - who had voiced concern over the original US plan - were also in the Swiss city last week, meeting separately with the Ukrainian and the US teams. In a separate development on Thursday, Germany's Der Spiegel news website said it had obtained a confidential transcript of a conference call in which European leaders expressed concern over the US negotiations. "There is a possibility that the US will betray Ukraine on the issue of territory without clarity on security guarantees," French President Emmanuel Macron reportedly said, according to an English transcript of Monday's conference call. In a statement to the BBC, the White House said: "Secretary [Marco] Rubio, Special Envoy Witkoff, Mr Kushner, and the President's entire national security team are working tirelessly to stop the killing between Russia and Ukraine." "They have held productive meetings to gather feedback from both sides on a plan that can foster a durable, enforceable peace," the statement read.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cqlk2d3elp9o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Turkey breeder supplying luxury stores investigated over welfare 3 hours ago Share Save Malcolm Prior Rural affairs producer Share Save Watch: Animal welfare campaigners secretly film one worker urinating in a pen filled with turkeys A turkey farm that breeds premium birds which are then sold at Christmas in high-end stores and butchers has been suspended from a food standards assurance scheme amid allegations of poor biosecurity and animal welfare standards. Hockenhull Turkeys in Lincolnshire is being investigated by Red Tractor after welfare campaigners secretly filmed workers not following biosecurity measures, throwing birds and, in one case, a staff member urinating in a pen of birds. Hockenhull Turkeys Hockenhull turkeys produce a stronger gamey flavour meat and are often sold as a premium product The footage, which was captured by environmental campaign group Green Britain Foundation in July and August, shows one worker walking into a pen full of live turkeys before urinating. A spokesman for Hockenhull Turkeys, which is owned by global company Aviagen Turkeys, said they were "appalled and very concerned" to see the secret filming which "does not represent the standards of animal husbandry and biosecurity we expect".

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/ckgl4vrlk7do?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Top UK scientist says research visa restrictions endanger economy 3 hours ago Share Save Pallab Ghosh Science Correspondent Share Save BBC Prof Sir Paul Nurse is one of the UK's most influential scientists One of Britain's most distinguished scientists, Prof Sir Paul Nurse, says the government is "shooting itself in the foot" with its visa system for science researchers. Sir Paul, who has taken over as President of the Royal Society, which represents the UK's leading scientists, warns that countries such as China and Singapore are actively courting overseas scientific talent. It makes zero sense." The Nobel prize-winner describes the UK's science base as "fragile" because of a combination of steep visa costs, funding pressures and the negative signal, current immigration rules. He urges ministers to rethink a system that forces scientists to pay an annual NHS surcharge and to prove they have thousands of pounds in the bank before they arrive.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c62dg3x8931o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Boat strike briefings help Hegseth - but shipwreck video release may hurt In the days after a Washington Post report raised questions about a September strike by the US military on a suspected drug trafficking boat in the Caribbean, lawmakers in Congress pledged to investigate further. It was a rare moment of bipartisan concern about a controversial Trump administration action – prompting speculation that Defence Secretary Pete Hegseth, who was narrowly confirmed to office in January, might be on shaky ground. At the heart of the divide is a fundamental disagreement over the legality, and morality, of the Trump administration's ongoing anti-narcotics military campaign in the Caribbean, including its decision to designate narcotics traffickers as "terrorist organisations" and to use lethal force against civilians without outside legal oversight. The Post had reported last Friday that the US launched two attacks on the boat in question and that the second had killed two survivors from the first strike, who were in the water, clinging to the "smoldering wreck". After being briefed by General Dan Caine, chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, and Admiral Frank Bradley, who oversaw the operation and gave the order for the second strike, none of the congressional lawmakers said they had heard evidence that Hegseth did, in fact, issue a "kill everybody" order.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c4gk7gz3d1eo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: 'All Israeli people are with us', parents of last dead hostage in Gaza tell BBC Itzik and Talik Gvili said they want "closure" after their son's body was taken hostage He and Ran were among 251 people taken hostage in the Hamas-led attack on Israel on 7 October 2023, when another 1,200 people were killed. want to end this situation and go to the second phase, so Hamas must bring Rani home," his mother Talik said, after Israel confirmed the body of Thai national Suthisak Rintalak had been returned on Wednesday. Itzik and Talik Gvili insisted the Gaza peace deal could not progress until Hamas handed over the remains of their son Ran, a 24-year-old Israeli police officer also known as Rani. Ran went to fight Hamas gunmen after seeing what was happening on TV, his parents said While the couple have been told by Israeli officials that Ran was killed, they say they are still holding onto "a little percent" of hope "that maybe he's alive, maybe he's survived". Speaking during a visit to London, Ran's parents described their pain over the past 26 months, much of which they have spent campaigning for the return of all the living and dead hostages. Under the first phase of a US-brokered ceasefire deal, which took effect on 10 October, Hamas agreed to return the final 20 living Israeli hostages and the bodies of the 28 dead Israeli and foreign hostages still in Gaza within 72 hours. All the living hostages were released on 13 October in exchange for 250 Palestinian prisoners and 1,718 detainees from Gaza, but it has taken weeks for the bodies of the dead hostages to be returned, often only one at a time. We are strong people, but what is inside, you cannot imagine… They stole my child and I can do nothing - just pray and come to visit people and beg for help." Talik said she had not slept for a full night since 7 October 2023. It [the support] is bigger than before because all Israeli people are now focused on one thing - bring Ran home and then do the second phase [of the peace deal]," said Talik. We want him back and to try to sleep well and breathe well again." Earlier on Thursday, Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu also described Ran as a "hero of Israel", saying he had "eliminated 14 terrorists and did so with the utmost bravery" before being killed in battle. Israel responded to the 7 October 2023 attack by launching a military campaign in Gaza, during which more than 70,120 people have been killed, according to the territory's Hamas-run health ministry.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cpvdkewwprlo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Skripal had been recruited to spy for MI6 back in the 1990s, but had then been caught by the Russians before being exchanged as part of a spy swap in 2010. But many inside the intelligence world believe what it really was intended to be was a message to others – if they betrayed Russian secrets to Western intelligence, they too would be hunted down even if it took years and even if their family was put at risk.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/czrkymn8l2yo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Details of plan to keep pubs open longer for World Cup revealed Home Secretary Shabana Mahmood has the legislative power to extend pub opening hours on occasions of "exceptional international, national or local significance". Wales and Northern Ireland also have a chance of reaching the tournament when they compete in the play-offs, where a total of 16 teams will battle it out for four slots at the competition. Michael Kill, CEO of the Night-Time Industries Association, welcomed the move to allow pubs to stay open later, saying: "We believe this consultation represents a positive step in ensuring that the hospitality industry can contribute fully to the nation's excitement and economic activity during such a landmark event." Emma McClarkin, CEO of the British Beer and Pub Association, said: "The pub has and always will be the home of live sport and there's no better place to gather under one roof during moments of huge national significance and make memories." Kate Nicholls, chair of industry group UKHospitality, said: "I'm pleased the government is once again looking at extended licensing hours...

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c5ylnw9g994o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Why I'm terrified of motorways even though I've been driving for 20 years 4 hours ago Share Save Emily Holt Share Save Mary McCarthy Mary McCarthy has been driving for almost 20 years, but has only driven on the motorway about ten times in her life because they terrify her. "If someone says, 'I can't drive on motorways', we need to start planting seeds into their subconscious mind to say, 'Well, I can't do that yet, but maybe I can do it at some stage'." Mary McCarthy Mary now lives in Brussels with her four children, husband and their dog Diane also recommends starting a journal to help identify the barriers that are preventing you taking on certain car journeys. "We tend to find the anticipation of the journey is often worse than the execution." Using this as a basis to push yourself to take on more ambitious journeys can slowly help you improve, she says. "It's not actually the driving, it's the fear of the unknown, of not knowing automatically what to do when." If you are struggling, she recommends having motorway lessons and easing yourself in slowly, for example by using a short junction, travelling at a quieter time of day or practising on a small roundabout.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cgexqdg9dgro?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Russian assets 'deal' plan and 'Joe the GOAT' 3 hours ago Share Save Share Save Ministers are attempting to broker a deal with the EU and other countries to give frozen Russian assets in the UK worth £8bn to Ukraine, reports the Times. The Guardian focuses on Reform UK leader Nigel Farage who it says "turned on broadcasters" for questioning him about racist and antisemitic comments he is alleged to have made as a teenager. The politician gave an "angry performance" at a press conference, vowing to boycott ITV and the BBC - and also pointing out the networks had shown homophobic and racist content themselves in the 1970s and 1980s. The Reform UK leader said the corporation should issue an apology for broadcasting the programme - as well as The Black and White Minstrel Show - if it wanted to apply the standards of today to the 1970s. The paper also snaps Russian President Vladimir Putin in a car with Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi as the pair met in New Delhi at the start of a two-day summit. The "Russian tyrant ordered his assassins to attack" British agent Sergei Skripal writes the Mirror, before "recklessly" discarding the perfume bottle containing the poison that ultimately killed the mother-of-three in Salisbury. In a snap of Joe root, the Indy asks if England can "stage an Ashes comeback?" For the Daily Telegraph, David Lammy has broken "ranks" on Brexit as it says the deputy prime minister refused to rule out reversing the UK's withdrawal from the EU process seven times.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/clydg58ex4eo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: This week saw more fruitless talks about ending the war in Ukraine, the head of the OBR resign over a publishing mistake and the King host a glittering state banquet for the German president.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/football/articles/c997y4l20jgo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: So if England were to finish second in Group H, they would move out of turquoise and into red - perhaps meeting Spain, Argentina or France as the winners of Group J in the first knockout round.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cpvdkw4xgewo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: We would sell books by AI, says Waterstones boss 4 hours ago Share Save Felicity Hannah , Big Boss Interview and Michael Sheils McNamee , Business reporter Share Save PA Waterstones would stock books created using artificial intelligence, the company's boss has said, as long as they were clearly labelled, and if customers wanted them. In a wide-ranging interview with the BBC's Big Boss podcast, Daunt said while Waterstones uses AI for logistics they currently try to keep AI generated content out of the shops. Daunt, who is heading into his 36th Christmas season in the book trade, said Waterstones' success had been built on handing more control to individual store managers to serve their own communities. "Make sure the books that they order turn up on time, but do not tell [managers] where to put them." Daunt also said he was a bit of an outlier in welcoming last week's Budget and he raised the prospect of a stock market flotation of the book chain. The strategy has helped it defy the decline on the High Street, with around ten new stores opening a year, and profits in 2024 of £33m against sales of £528m. Share sale Success on both sides of the Atlantic has led to speculation that shares in Waterstones and Barnes and Noble could be jointly floated in either New York or London. "We're based out of London but we have a huge American business; Barnes and Noble is much larger than Waterstones." Helpful rate change As for last week's Budget, Daunt says it sometimes feels like he might be "the only person who is sympathetic" to the situation the chancellor is in.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c3v15zkxpe0o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: What legal experts say about second US strike on Venezuela boat 9 hours ago Share Save Lucy Gilder BBC Verify in Washington DC Share Save Getty Images Several legal experts have told BBC Verify that the second strike on an alleged Venezuelan drug boat by the US military was probably illegal, and would likely be considered an extrajudicial killing under international law. On Monday, the Trump administration confirmed that a follow-up strike on the boat - which has been criticised as a "double tap" - was ordered by US Navy Admiral Frank Bradley with the overall operation having been authorised by War Secretary Pete Hegseth. Nine people died in the first strike on the vessel and two survivors were left clinging to the burning wreckage when it was struck again, killing them, according to the Washington Post. On 1 December, after confirming there had been a second strike, White House Press Secretary Karoline Leavitt told reporters that the operation was carried out "to ensure the boat was destroyed and the threat of narco terrorists to the United States was completely eliminated". According to the BBC's US partner CBS News, Admiral Bradley was expected to say in a closed door briefing to Congress on Thursday that the survivors were attempting to climb back onto the boat before it was hit a second time. Democratic Representative Jim Himes, who attended the meeting, told reporters that footage of the second strike showed that the survivors, while carrying drugs, were "not in the position to continue their mission in any way". "The US is not in an international armed conflict with Venezuela, nor is the US in a non-international armed conflict with any criminal gang or drug cartels", says Ms Peake. She says even if the US was involved in this type of conflict and the first attack was legal, "it would be illegal to strike a second time as 'denial of quarter' [leaving no survivors] is prohibited under customary international law". If there was an armed conflict, the ordering of 'no quarter' would be a war crime under international law." EPA/Shutterstock The Trump administration has described its operations in the Caribbean as a "non-international armed conflict" with alleged drug traffickers. "If you look at the US law of war manual, which is the definitive interpretation of the way we fight, the laws of armed conflict for the United States, it says clearly that you are not allowed to give orders that say 'no survivors'," he told CNN on Monday. The senior national security analyst told us he does not believe the second strike was illegal, adding "the voices that are loudly accusing the administration of breaking law were notably silent whenever we had drone strikes under the Obama administration, which generated far more casualties than these strikes in Caribbean".

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cy0pj1nddero?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: 7 hours ago Share Save Noor Nanji Culture reporter Share Save Watch: Statue of Bollywood stars Shah Rukh Khan and Kajol unveiled in London Megastar Shah Rukh Khan is often described as Bollywood’s King of Romance. Charming and funny, the actor is often described as Bollywood's "most important cultural export", with millions of fans who also endearingly refer to him as King Khan or the King of Bollywood. Yash Raj Films The statue marks 30 years of the longest-running film in Indian cinemas, Dilwale Dulhania Le Jayenge The film Dilwale Dulhania Le Jayenge, often dubbed the Romeo and Juliet of Bollywood cinema, follows Raj and Simran's love story across Europe and India, beginning on a train from King's Cross station. Getty Images Shah Rukh Khan, seen at the Met Gala this year, is often called the "King of Bollywood" Bollywood, India's dominant film business, produces hundreds of films every year and has a huge following among Indians globally. "We like to see things, enjoy things together." Khan has spent more than three decades in the Hindi film industry and reinvented himself from being an actor to running a major production house and owning a cricket team.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/diving/articles/cvgqelpq0ldo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: The federation said Lyskun did not inform it, the coaching staff or Ukraine's ministry of youth and sports of her intention, and "expresses deep indignation and strongly condemns" her actions. In a statement,, external the federation said: "Such steps are categorically unacceptable, as they discredit not only an individual athlete, but also the entire Ukrainian team, which selflessly fights every day for the right to represent our country on the international stage." Lyskun told Russian newspaper Izvestia, external that over recent years she realised she was no longer "growing" under her coaches in Ukraine, who were "all gymnasts or trampoline athletes". At an extraordinary meeting of the federation's executive committee, a unanimous decision was made to expel Lyskun immediately from the Ukraine team and to "strip her of all titles and awards received under the auspices of the federation".

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/clyd8j71m7mo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Faroe Islands scraps one of Europe's strictest abortion laws "This is truly an historic day in the Faroe Islands," said Ingilín Didriksen Strømm, one of the four MPs who tabled the bill. Previous legislation allowed abortions only in certain circumstances - such as rape, incest or risk to the health of the pregnant woman - and meant the self-governing Danish territory had among the most restrictive abortion policies in Europe. The parliament of the Faroe Islands voted on Thursday to legalise abortion until the end of the 12th week of pregnancy, overturning a decades-old law that prohibited abortions in most cases. Strømm told the BBC: "This change finally affirms women's autonomy over their own bodies in the Faroe Islands." "It guarantees access to safe healthcare, and it also protects our freedom to make decisions about our own lives without fear, without stigma and without criminalisation," she added. The new legislation in the Faroe Islands - located between Scotland and Norway - is expected to come into effect on 1 July next year, replacing laws dating back to 1956. "But it's still a huge challenge." In a statement to the BBC, Amnesty International's Faroe Islands branch said: "After years of campaigning we finally have a law respecting women's and all pregnant people's rights to a safe and legal abortion until week 12." "This is a huge step for human rights, the right to bodily autonomy and to secure safe abortions," it added. "And Faroese women don't have to go on an expensive trip abroad to have an abortion." With limited access to abortions in the Faroe Islands, campaign groups said women often had to travel to Denmark for the procedure. Erhard Joensen, an MP who voted against Thursday's bill, told Danish national broadcaster, DR, that he respects the result, but does not believe there is much support for the new law.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cvg1v21p3ydo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: US Supreme Court allows Texas to use redrawn voting maps in midterms 60 minutes ago Share Save Nardine Saad Share Save Getty Images The US Supreme Court has cleared the way for Texas to use a new congressional map that could help the Republican effort to shore up their majority in the coming 2026 midterm elections. Thursday's unsigned decision comes after Texas filed an emergency request last month to block a lower-court ruling that blocked the new map, which was passed by the state legislature and signed into law by Republican Governor Greg Abbott in August. In an apparent 6-3 decision, the Supreme Court said in its "preliminary evaluation of this case", Texas satisfied the conditions for emergency relief and that the lower court "committed at least two serious errors". In November, a lower Texas court said evidence indicated the new voting districts were "racially gerrymandered", and ordered the state to use the congressional lines they had in place before they redistricted earlier this year. Challenges to the mid-decade redistricting came after Democrat lawmakers in Texas fled the state over the summer to stall voting on the new map, helping trigger a race across other states to change their maps too. The new map could add up to five Republican seats for the midterm elections as the party fights to keep its narrow majority, and the president had filed a brief asking the top court to rule in favour of Texas. However, in a lengthy dissent to Thursday's order, liberal Justice Elena Kagan said it "disserves the millions of Texans whom the District Court found were assigned to their new districts based on their race". It is "indisputable" that the impetus to adopt the Texas map - and subsequently the newly redrawn map in California - was "partisan advantage pure and simple", wrote Justice Samuel Alito, joined by justices Neil Gorsuch and Clarence Thomas.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cy0pwgrdlnjo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Shooter of Ex-Japan PM Shinzo Abe makes first apology Tetsuya Yamagami has earlier pleaded guilty to murder and other charges The man accused of assassinating former Japanese prime minister Shinzo Abe has apologised to the ex-leader's family for the first time.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cy5gr2x914ro?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Volcanic eruption may have triggered Europe's deadly Black Death plague 12 hours ago Share Save Helen Briggs Environment correspondent Share Save Getty The Black Death fundamentally altered medieval society A volcanic eruption around the year 1345 may have set off a chain reaction that unleashed Europe's deadliest pandemic, the Black Death, scientists say. To avert famine, populous Italian city states were forced to import grain from areas around the Black Sea - bringing plague-carrying fleas that carried the disease to Europe as well. "Although the coincidence of factors that contributed to the Black Death seems rare, the probability of zoonotic diseases emerging under climate change and translating into pandemics is likely to increase in a globalised world," said Dr Ulf Büntgen of the University of Cambridge. He added: "This is especially relevant given our recent experiences with Covid-19." Credit: Ulf Büntgen Tree rings from the Spanish Pyrenees point to unusually cold summers in 1345, 1346 and 1347 The Black Death swept across Europe in 1348-49, killing up to half of the population. Now researchers from the University of Cambridge and the Leibniz Institute for the History and Culture of Eastern Europe (GWZO) in Leipzig have filled in a missing part of the puzzle. Their evidence suggests that volcanic activity around 1345 caused temperatures to drop sharply over consecutive years because of the release of volcanic ash and gases which blocked out some sunlight.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c74xqn2zg1eo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Hospitals facing unprecedented flu season, say NHS bosses 12 hours ago Share Save Nick Triggle Health correspondent Share Save Getty Images The number of flu patients in hospital has hit a record high in England for this time of year with NHS leaders warning the country is facing an unprecedented flu season. NHS figures show there were an average of 1,700 patients in hospital with flu last week - that is more than 50% higher than the same time last year - and early indications from this week are that hospitalisations have continued climbing sharply since. Meanwhile, NHS bosses are urging patients not to clog up A&E with everyday niggles as new figures show thousands turned to hospitals for minor ailments such as hiccups and ingrowing toenails last winter. Patients with such minor conditions are being advised to seek help elsewhere, including from pharmacists, GPs and NHS 111 – either via the phone or online – as some of them can be managed at home. Deepest concerns NHS England urgent and emergency care director Prof Julian Redhead said alongside the high number of flu cases in hospital the NHS was having to plan for more doctor strikes in the lead up to Christmas. Cases are incredibly high for this time of year and there is no peak in sight yet." He said staff could be stretched "close to breaking point" in the coming weeks. NHS England published A&E attendance figures showing between 1 November 2024 and 28 February 2025 there were: 6,382 visits for nasal congestion 83,705 visits for earache 96,998 visits for sore throats 3,890 visits for ingrowing nails 8,669 for itching skin 384 for hiccups The attendances were to either major A&E units or minor injury units run by hospitals. Although research shows one of the factors driving unnecessary A&E visits is difficulty accessing GP services, with latest figures showing more than a fifth of patients cannot get through to their GP on the day they try. And Dr Vicky Price, president of the Society for Acute Medicine, said the emphasis on unnecessary A&E attendances was just a "smokescreen" to distract from the pressures frontline staff were dealing with.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cq60930429po?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: German president compares UK ties post-Brexit to Oasis 8 hours ago Share Save Maia Davies Share Save PA Media Reuters Steinmeier visited the V&A Storehouse, where part of David Bowie's costume from the Ziggy Stardust tour was on display Alongside his wife Elke Budenbender, he was joined by UK Culture Secretary Lisa Nandy and the museum's director Tristram Hunt Germany's president has drawn a parallel between his country's ties with the UK post-Brexit to the recent reunion of the famously feuding Oasis brothers. Frank-Walter Steinmeier told MPs and peers that disappointment and uncertainty had followed the UK split from the EU but both sides had decided "not to stay stuck in these feelings". "Don't Look Back in Anger, as one of the most famous songs by Oasis puts it so well," he said in Parliament on the second day of his state visit. He began his visit - the first by a German leader in 27 years - on Wednesday with a ceremonial reception by King Charles III and Queen Camilla, and a star-studded festive banquet at Windsor Castle. He later returned to the riff on Oasis at the end of his speech, remarking on the band's sell-out reunion tour after 16 years of acrimony between frontman Liam Gallagher and his guitarist brother Noel. "So let us look not to the past, but rather together to the future." Reuters Reuters Frank-Walter Steinmeier referenced the Manchester band in an address in Parliament on Thursday MPs and peers listened to Steinmeier's address, in which he spoke of improved UK-German relations

Link: https://www.bbc.co.uk/sounds/play/m002mz6w?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: (00:31:26) AI and pornography (00:38:25) Thoughts on Bonnie Blue (00:42:30) Legalisation of sex work and drugs (00:45:25) What his partner, the popstar Jade Thirwall, has taught him about relationships (00:47:30) Politics and young people (00:54:50) Amol’s reflections GET IN TOUCH * WhatsApp: 0330 123 9480 * Email: radical@bbc.co.uk Episodes of Radical with Amol Rajan are released every Thursday and you can also watch them on BBC iPlayer: https://www.bbc.co.uk/iplayer/episodes/m002f1d0/radical-with-amol-rajan Amol Rajan is a presenter of the Today programme on BBC Radio 4.

Link: https://www.bbc.co.uk/sounds/play/p0mldzp8?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Available for over a year Today, NATO ministers have been meeting to discuss the US’s 28-point plan for peace between Russia and Ukraine after Russia rejected the plan and said it was “ready” for war with Europe. Plus Faisal Islam, BBC Economics Editor, joins the conversation to discuss the UK’s possible involvement in a new European defence fund and the government’s latest suggestions it could be looking to get closer to the EU again. If you're in the UK, for more News and Current Affairs podcasts from the BBC, listen on BBC Sounds: https://bbc.in/4guXgXd Newscast brings you daily analysis of the latest political news stories from the BBC.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/football/articles/c1e408l97l7o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: "Frustrated, angry, that is it." Ruben Amorim was summing up his own feelings in his first answer at the post-match news conference following Manchester United's 1-1 draw with West Ham on Thursday. "The word everyone will be using is frustration," Keane told Sky Sports at the end of another game United led with a significant leap up the Premier League looming, only to concede late and end up with a point. There are more goals [in them] but defensively and in midfield there are still huge question marks." Amorim sounded unusually agitated as he delivered his words, although he insisted he was calm. He said there would be no repeat of his tirade after the home defeat by Brighton in January, when he cut his hand and broke a TV in the dressing room. And he knew why Soungoutou Magassa responded quickest to Noussair Mazraoui's goal-line clearance from Jarrod Bowen's flicked header at a corner to score his first goal in English football in the 83rd minute. West Ham boss Nuno Espirito Santo said it was a "deserved" equaliser for the team third-bottom of the table, with just two points on the road since their only away win, at Nottingham Forest, in August. Yet again, they will play the final game of a Premier League match round, and yet again there will be a target to aim for, although which each failure it is getting lower.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/cricket/articles/cpd640yvwp6o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: There was a longing for Root - adored not only for his runs, but for everything he has given to the England cap and his downright decency as a human being - to finally fill one of the few gaps on his CV. When 98 ticked over to 102 with a leg glance off Scott Boland, grown men leapt into each other's arms and the roar from a lower corner of the Gabba might have been heard in Sheffield.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/football/articles/cx2dxqzxy2ro?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: England manager Thomas Tuchel says he may have his substitutes stay in the dressing room during matches at the World Cup next summer because of the risks posed by high temperatures. Speaking on the eve of the World Cup draw in Washington DC, Tuchel told BBC Sport: "If this is what helps us later in matches when they come on, we have to consider it a possibility. It's always better when they can be with us outside." With the tournament taking place across the US, Canada and Mexico in June and July 2026, experts warn that high temperatures, wildfires and even hurricanes could affect teams, fans and stadium workers. The recent Pitches in Peril report - compiled by pressure groups Football for the Future and Common Goal - found that 10 of the 16 venues for the World Cup are at "very high risk of experiencing extreme heat stress conditions." The scheduling of last June and July's Club World Cup drew complaints from players and managers as matches took place in extreme heat. We've put a lot of effort into it, and we will be ready when the tournament starts." On scheduling headaches and the need to travel large distances between venues, Tuchel said: "We have to be prepared to accept difficulties.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/formula1/articles/cx2pe1ky9j4o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: "This has been a really good season, probably my best season, but it has also been frustrating at times because we were not quick enough." Even so, he recognises what he has achieved. "I've dragged some results out of it that probably weren't realistic or possible in some weekends, so yeah, I've been happy." He does this, he says, "by always trying to look for details, trying to just learn about the car, learn about yourself, do a lot of things also outside of F1.

Link: https://www.msnbc.com/opinion/msnbc-opinion/trump-epstein-emails-files-republican-allies-rcna243787
Article: In the intervening 10 years, no other Republican has significantly threatened his hold over the GOP base, a grip that, despite his loss in the 2020 election, has seemed only to strengthen as the years have passed. But that grip could be loosening, in part because Trump is demanding his base side with him against other Republicans on an issue that makes the choice far harder than he wants to admit. The convicted sex offender took his own life while incarcerated in federal prison in 2019, a moment at which a splinter group of Trump supporters calling itself QAnon was focused on the idea that a cabal of American elites was engaged in a widespread campaign of child sex trafficking. Many on the right, even outside the QAnon fringe, agitated for the release of all information about Epstein’s activities, expecting that it would prove embarrassing to prominent Democrats and liberal celebrities they viewed with disdain. It was clear even then, though, that Trump’s name would also crop up in that material, as the pair were friends for years, traveling in each other’s social circles in New York and Florida. A big chunk of that 22% of Republicans disapprove of how Trump is handling Epstein but haven’t gotten to the point where they want to say that on the record. Among Republicans, the drop in strong approval was 17 points — but that’s masked by a 12-point increase in the percentage who say they somewhat approve of the job he’s doing. More from MS NOW Daily Must reads from Today's list The cost of Trump’s bank deregulation could be catastrophic Julie Siegel Banning ‘shaken baby syndrome’ claims from courts doesn’t solve the legal problem John Pfaff By itself, this is a problem for a president who requires unfailing fealty from supporters and his elected allies. Importantly, the White House has hinted that Mace’s support for releasing the files might prompt Trump to endorse someone else as she seeks the Republican nomination for governor in South Carolina — but that threat didn’t work. Lots of Republicans will have to balance their interest in remaining allied with Trump against inevitable attack ads accusing them of wanting to hide information about one of the most notorious criminals in recent history. Many will break with Trump as a result — not permanently, but in a way that will increase the perception that the center of power in the Republican Party is shifting somewhere else. (The Epstein files, for example, will presumably not continue to be a salient element of the political discussion indefinitely.) But his approval rating isn’t really what will be important in the months ahead. Instead, it will be the extent to which Trump is able to direct his base’s anger and attention in the face of increasing competition from ambitious politicians and external media figures and influencers looking to carve out some of that power for themselves.

Link: https://www.msnbc.com/msnbc/news/trump-promises-direct-checks-test-economic-message-rcna243737
Article: A health care plan that would funnel money away from Affordable Care Act insurance plans and direct it straight to Americans, who might be able to keep any “money left over.” The White House has yet to release concrete plans on any of it, though press secretary Karoline Leavitt told reporters on Wednesday that the administration is “currently exploring all legal options” to issue the $2,000 tariff checks. “If you make a promise that sounds good to people, and then it sort of just disappears — maybe they’ve not noticed that the first or the second time — but certainly, if you keep doing that, they do,” said Doug Heye, a Republican strategist. But there’s potentially an even bigger risk if checks are issued: They would likely either drive up inflation or, if not, serve as an implicit acknowledgment that the fundamentals of the economy are weaker than White House has suggested. Right now, the labor market is showing signs of softening, but consumer spending has remained strong and inflation has cooled enough that the Federal Reserve has started to reduce interest rates. “The economic situation we face today is not one in which you’d expect the policy response to be direct payments,” said Alex Jacquez, a former National Economic Council official under President Joe Biden. So why don’t you just give them a check?” The president plans to travel the country later this year and into 2026 to deliver speeches focused on the economy, according to a senior White House official, though the locations have yet to be decided. Recommended Maddowblog Why Trump’s plan for tariff rebate checks must inevitably end in failure Steve Benen Maddowblog Trump’s radically regressive plans for FEMA’s future come into sharper focus Steve Benen National Economic Council Director Kevin Hassett said Congress would need to pass legislation on tariff rebate checks. Josh Hawley, R-Mo., introduced a bill to give families of four up to $2,400 from tariff revenue, and though Trump initially said he was thinking about such a proposal, the legislation has remained dormant ever since. The Committee for a Responsible Federal Budget estimates the proposal’s price tag would be roughly $600 billion, based on a model that excludes people who earn more than $75,000 a year. “President Trump remains committed to continuing to deliver on his Day One priority of turning around Joe Biden’s affordability crisis and dead-end economy,” White House spokesman Kush Desai said in a statement. “Self-proclaimed experts should hold on their half-baked analyses until the administration releases concrete policy proposals instead of baselessly speculating what the details of the president’s proposals are.” Republicans and top administration officials continue to pummel Biden for leaving them with the tailwinds of record inflation. The consumer price index is now at 3% growth on the year, as of September, and most economists blame supply-chain challenges as the primary driver of persistent inflation, though stimulus policies were likely a contributing factor. “My guess is because we’ve seen this a million times; we’ll have forgotten about this rather quickly — unless he keeps bringing it up.” Akayla Gardner Akayla Gardner is a White House correspondent for MS NOW.

Link: https://www.msnbc.com/opinion/msnbc-opinion/trump-skips-cop30-brazil-climate-change-us-rcna243351
Article: On one level, America skipping out on the multilateral talks places a ceiling on just how much effect any commitments made at the conference will have on reducing carbon emissions globally. In its place would be a set of policies campaign officials described as working to “maximize fossil fuel production” — or, in Trump’s words, “drill, baby, drill.” Two years ago, as another round of climate talks began, I described those Trump campaign proposals as plans to “kill us all even faster.” Amazingly, that might have been an understatement, because for the Trump administration’s strategy for American energy dominance to succeed, global moves away from fossil fuels must be kneecapped. The treaty was all but done when the Trump administration swooped in, threatening economic sanctions against countries that agreed to the pact as well as pledging to turn away their ships from American ports. As The Washington Post noted, the plastics industry has become “a crucial growth market for fossil fuel companies at a time when solar power and electric vehicle uptake is expected to eat into demand.” More from MS NOW Daily Must reads from Today's list The cost of Trump’s bank deregulation could be catastrophic Julie Siegel Banning ‘shaken baby syndrome’ claims from courts doesn’t solve the legal problem John Pfaff Play It’s hard then to see, then, what good an official U.S. As a follow-up to the Paris Agreement’s goal of holding global warming to 1.5 C above preindustrial levels, COP30 is focused on nations implementing their previous pledges to reduce emissions. As things stand, though, the world is set to blow by the 2015 goal in the coming years as temperatures continue to rise unabated, prompting even more chaotic and destructive weather patterns than we are already feeling. member states, Brazil is moving in smaller groups to push action forward and emphasizing how climate action can lead to economic development.” Those states only have to look to China’s growth in renewable energies, which makes up 10% of its entire economy, to see that there’s real potential to tap into that growth themselves. Couple that with an obsession with artificial intelligence and cryptocurrency — which both demand vast amounts of energy to power their data centers and water to cool them — and the Trump administration’s vision is an America that is increasingly harmful to the planet’s long-term survival.

Link: https://www.msnbc.com/opinion/msnbc-opinion/trump-fox-news-interview-h1-b-visas-rcna243931
Article: If this continues, and there’s no action to stop this abuse, you can expect people to lose their patience.” Fox News host Laura Ingraham But MAGA isn’t happy about Trump’s apostasy, and the ensuing backlash illustrates how he is increasingly unable to control his movement as tightly as he did during his second campaign and first months in office. The current feud stems from Trump’s Tuesday interview with Fox News’ Laura Ingraham, during which the president defended the H-1B visa program, which allows employers to sponsor foreign-born workers for some high-skilled jobs. “If you want to raise wages for American workers, you can’t flood the country with tens of thousands or hundreds of thousands of foreign workers,” Ingraham said, referring to H-1B visa holders. Ingraham and other figures on Fox News, regularly accused by MAGA die-hards of representing the corporatist wing of the Republican Party, also came out against H-1B visas — or at least acknowledged that Trump was out of step with his loudest supporters. Fox News host Will Cain said that it’s “a little hard to stomach when we hear that we are not talented enough or that we’re not skilled enough for these jobs.” Trump’s openness to the H-1B program “does seem to run directly counter to what he, America First and everything he’s been standing for and everything his supporters believe he was elected to do,” said Fox contributor Gerry Baker. More from MS NOW Daily Must reads from Today's list The cost of Trump’s bank deregulation could be catastrophic Julie Siegel Banning ‘shaken baby syndrome’ claims from courts doesn’t solve the legal problem John Pfaff Ingraham returned to the topic on Wednesday during an interview with the Center for Renewing America’s Ken Cuccinelli — an immigration restrictionist who has a history of criticizing Trump on the topic in general. But he claimed that historically H-1B visas “have been mass-scale, low-level, middle-class-displacing jobs, and it’s been very detrimental to America — that’s why the reaction, I think.” “If this continues, and there’s no action to stop this abuse, you can expect people to lose their patience,” Ingraham responded. “Trump hates America and Americans,” Bass wrote, adding: “He wants to import the third world to take Americans’ jobs.” The reaction on the right is particularly notable given that Trump already added a substantial hurdle to the H-1B program, decreeing in September that employers would be forced to pay a $100,000 fee for new applicants entering the country. But MAGA media sees foreign-born invaders taking American jobs — a position unsupported by the data, which suggests these workers stimulate economic activity and benefit native-born workers in the aggregate.

Link: https://www.msnbc.com/opinion/msnbc-opinion/vivek-ramaswamy-ohio-governor-acton-maga-rcna243989
Article: But Ramaswamy has faced something of a revolt from MAGA world in recent months, stemming in part from his Indian heritage, his being Hindu and his controversial remarks late last year in which he slammed Americans’ work ethic and promoted the use of H-1B worker visas to bring in foreign-born talent. Ohio needs a governor who listens, understands, and who is ready to bring down costs on day one.” Vivek Ramaswamy told us how he really feels when he said that Ohioans aren't succeeding because they're lazy and mediocre and watching too much TV. Amy Acton (@amyactonoh) November 12, 2025 Judging from the flood of reactions to Acton’s post, there’s palpable disenchantment over the fact that Ramaswamy’s potential opponent is already using his remarks on American workers to her advantage.

Link: https://www.msnbc.com/rachel-maddow-show/maddowblog/hakeem-jeffries-sends-provocative-shot-fhfa-chief-bill-pultes-bow-rcna243919
Article: Indeed, in recent weeks, Pulte has found himself at the center of an intensifying scandal, after having fired internal watchdogs who reportedly raised allegations about him improperly accessing the mortgage records of Donald Trump’s foes. Pulte’s troubles intensified this week when The Associated Press reported that one of his confidants “provided confidential mortgage pricing data from Fannie Mae to a principal competitor, alarming senior officials of the government-backed lending giant who warned it could expose the company to claims that it was colluding with a rival to fix mortgage rates.” But in practice, the controversial FHFA director remains on the offensive, weaponizing mortgage fraud allegations against the president’s perceived political enemies. Time will tell what, if anything, comes of these allegations — the congressman has denied any wrongdoing — but Swalwell picked up some notable support from his caucus leader, House Minority Leader Hakeem Jeffries, who issued a strongly worded statement in support of his colleague.

Link: https://www.msnbc.com/top-stories/latest/georgia-election-interference-case-trump-fani-willis-rcna243912
Article: The Georgia election interference case against President Donald Trump and others will proceed after all, a prosecutor announced on Friday, potentially reviving the investigation after Fulton County District Attorney Fani Willis’ disqualification had all but killed it. Peter Skandalakis, executive director of the Prosecuting Attorneys’ Council of Georgia — which a judge had tasked with finding a new prosecutor — announced his own appointment, saying he decided to take over himself after he struggled to find another prosecutor who was willing to take it on. Trump’s lawyer in the case, Steven Sadow, told MSNBC in a statement Friday that he and his team are “confident that a fair and impartial review will lead to a dismissal of the case against President Trump.”

Link: https://www.msnbc.com/opinion/msnbc-opinion/trump-billionaires-government-report-rcna245225
Article: One of the most memorable images of President Donald Trump’s inauguration in January was the row of tech billionaires arrayed behind him, which included Meta CEO Mark Zuckerberg, Amazon founder Jeff Bezos, Google CEO Sundar Pichai and Tesla CEO Elon Musk. As the Associated Press noted at the time, their prominent placement at the ceremony departed from tradition, as “seats so close to the president are usually reserved for the president’s family, past presidents and other honored guests.” An excellent new report from the Washington Post, which crunches data on the growing influence of billionaires in politics, shows that Trump’s row of billionaires was more reflective of trends in national politics than we knew at the time. There are several factors that explain that jaw-dropping spike in donations, but a major one is the change in campaign finance law, especially the Supreme Court’s Citizens United ruling in 2010, which allowed corporations to make unlimited contributions to elections through super political action committees. A chart at the Post suggests that in 2020, Democrats received approximately $300 million, while Republicans received roughly $400 million; in the 2022 midterm elections, both parties received about the same amount, somewhere in the neighborhood of $350 million. More from MS NOW Daily Must reads from Today's list The cost of Trump’s bank deregulation could be catastrophic Julie Siegel Banning ‘shaken baby syndrome’ claims from courts doesn’t solve the legal problem John Pfaff The Post’s billionaire data tracks broadly with the data showing that lucrative American industries donate money to both sides of the aisle, though the contributions are often somewhat weighted toward Republicans. Make no mistake: Even if the richest Americans swung toward the Democrats, it would still mean our polity is dominated by oligarchs and it would drown out the voice — and material interests — of ordinary voters.

Link: https://www.msnbc.com/rachel-maddow-show/maddowblog/trump-eyes-federal-epstein-investigation-targets-foes-not-rcna243939
Article: Donald Trump hasn’t just spent months insisting that he did not know about and had no involvement in Jeffrey Epstein’s sex trafficking operation, the president has also desperately tried to make the scandal go away, condemning the controversy as a “scam” and a “hoax” concocted by his political enemies. Those efforts took a dramatic step backward on Wednesday morning, as Democrats on the House Oversight Committee released a package of emails, obtained by the Epstein estate, in which the convicted sex offender wrote, among other things, that Trump had “spent hours” at Epstein’s house with one of Epstein’s victims. In a separate message, Epstein said the future president “knew about the girls.” The revelations dovetailed with Republicans on the same committee releasing a tranche of 20,000 documents it received from the Epstein estate in response to a congressional subpoena. Trump and hinted that he had damaging information on him.” In the immediate aftermath of the reports, the usually talkative president had very little to say about the reporting (which includes allegations that have not been substantiated by MSNBC). The Republican published a handful of missives to his social media platform on the matter, but most focused on his appeals to GOP lawmakers to follow his lead on the scandal. On Friday morning, however, Trump broke new ground, with an online item that read in its entirety: Now that the Democrats are using the Epstein Hoax, involving Democrats, not Republicans, to try and deflect from their disastrous SHUTDOWN, and all of their other failures, I will be asking A.G. Pam Bondi, and the Department of Justice, together with our great patriots at the FBI, to investigate Jeffrey Epstein’s involvement and relationship with Bill Clinton, Larry Summers, Reid Hoffman, J.P. There’s no point in trying to summarize in a single blog post every error of fact and judgment in the president’s 116-word rant — the Russia scandal, for example, still isn’t a scam — but the bottom line comprises three key elements.

Link: https://www.msnbc.com/rachel-maddow-show/maddowblog/bondi-follows-trumps-directive-taps-prosecutor-examine-epsteins-democr-rcna244031
Article: With this week’s disclosures in the Jeffrey Epstein scandal adding fresh fuel to the political fire, Donald Trump took an extraordinary step on Friday morning: The president directed the Justice Department and the FBI to launch a new investigation into the case of the convicted sex offender. Indeed, the Republican said he wanted Attorney General Pam Bondi and federal law enforcement officials to investigate his perceived Democratic foes and critics, including former President Bill Clinton and former Treasury Secretary Larry Summers, over their alleged ties to the late millionaire pedophile. As with all matters, the Department will pursue this with urgency and integrity to deliver answers to the American… pic.twitter.com/5zlybVu44U — Attorney General Pamela Bondi (@AGPamBondi) November 14, 2025 Joyce Vance, a former federal prosecutor and an MSNBC legal analyst, highlighted Bondi’s tweet as evidence of Trump administration officials “corrupting” the Justice Department. As Vance summarized, (1) presidents aren’t supposed to direct attorneys general to open criminal cases, especially under explicitly partisan circumstances; (2) the DOJ doesn’t publicize criminal investigations; and (3) attorneys general definitely don’t assign cases like this by way of social media.

Link: https://www.msnbc.com/msnbc/news/epstein-emails-trump-conspiracy-theories-rcna243722
Article: “I want you to realize,” the financier and convicted sex offender began the short email to Ghislaine Maxwell, “that that dog that hasn’t barked is trump.” It’s a juicy, sinuous phrase, one borrowed from a Sherlock Holmes story and used to make a hazy accusation that raises more questions than it answers. In a reply that provided little clarity but with ellipses that suggested something more, Maxwell — who’s serving a 20-year prison sentence for grooming girls for Epstein’s operation — wrote back, “I have been thinking about that …” The long-running scandal over President Donald Trump’s ties to Epstein — who killed himself in a Manhattan jail cell while awaiting trial on charges that he sexually abused young girls — has refused to go away, thanks in large part to far-right conspiracy theorists. To be sure, there are a lot of questions on MAGA’s fringes about these newly released emails, which come from a larger set of some 23,000 documents that lawmakers obtained from the Epstein estate. “You can’t be outraged by the Epstein saga and simultaneously not be outraged by the fact that we have Muslims serving in Congress,” far-right activist and Trump whisperer Laura Loomer deflected in a post on X. Supreme Court rejected his attempt to block a $1.5 billion defamation judgment against him over his false claims that the 2012 Sandy Hook school shooting was a hoax — lies that paved the way for dozens of right-wing conspiracy-minded media figures now flourishing in the Trump era. Robert Garcia, the Oversight Committee’s ranking member, said the newly released correspondence raises “glaring questions about what else the White House is hiding and the nature of the relationship between Epstein and the president.” Trump has said that he was once friends with Epstein but denied any knowledge of Epstein’s sex trafficking. In July, Trump said he banned Epstein from Mar-a-Lago decades earlier because he “stole people that worked for me,” including victim Virginia Giuffre, whom White House press secretary Karoline Leavitt acknowledged was the person mentioned as spending time with Trump in the newly released email from Epstein. In another email released Wednesday, sent in 2019 to author Michael Wolff, Epstein said more plainly about Trump, “Of course he knew about the girls as he asked ghislaine to stop.” Jack Posobiec, a onetime “Pizzagate” conspiracy theorist and current host of a show on the Real America’s Voice network, said he believed the emails showed Epstein was trying to use Trump to protect himself. The Pizzagate conspiracy theory — itself constructed out of leaked emails, which were hacked from Hillary Clinton’s 2016 campaign and published by WikiLeaks — falsely alleged that Democrats and elites were trafficking and abusing children through a popular Washington, D.C., pizza shop. But Epstein’s emails were old news, Posobiec said: “Once again, ultimately, it’s just Epstein trying to pull Trump in and implicate him in his own crimes.” Jack Posobiec on Sept. Dominic Gwinn / AFP via Getty Images Posobiec was one of a group of influencers brought to the White House by Attorney General Pam Bondi in February and photographed with binders of already public Epstein documents. MSNBC has not independently verified the allegations made in them.) Recommended Maddowblog On Jeffrey Epstein, Trump rolls out a new conspiracy theory about the conspiracy theory Steve Benen Democrats are rightfully trolling Trump over his U-turn on the Epstein files Zeeshan Aleem MS NOW Opinion Mike Cernovich, a binder recipient and former men’s rights activist turned self-described journalist, asserted Trump’s innocence and called for the release of the complete Epstein files, blaming “billionaires and donors” for blocking it. That Epstein disclosures are just another plot by the deep state to take down Trump has long been the narrative of Trump’s former top campaign aide, Steve Bannon, who has warned that Epstein could be the thing that splinters the base and costs Republicans the next election. Former Trump adviser Roger Stone, whom Bannon outed as the “access point” to WikiLeaks, delighted in the revelation that communications between Bannon and Epstein were among the trove of documents released Wednesday. The card contained a cryptic message wrapped in an illustration of a naked woman, drawn in bold black marker, about having “certain things in common,” which offered in closing, “may every day be another wonderful secret.” Trump denies authoring the note and has sued the Journal over the story. That approach seemed to be catching on again this time: Fox News hadn’t mentioned the emails story at all as of midday Wednesday, hours after their release, according to Media Matters. Host Sean Hannity later sloughed off a question from a fellow Fox personality about whether he planned to cover the story, saying the emails showed nothing more than a grudge against Trump by Epstein. Within hours of their release, Trump had declared the new disclosures a “hoax,” blaming Democrats for trying to draw attention away from what he said was their failure with the government shutdown.

Link: https://www.msnbc.com/top-stories/latest/eric-swalwell-slams-trump-mortgage-fraud-probe-rcna243993
Article: Adam Schiff of California, New York Attorney General Letitia James and Lisa Cook, a member of the Federal Reserve’s board of governors, to the Justice Department for investigation of the same crime. In his first television interview after news of that probe broke, Swalwell told the co-hosts of “The Weeknight” that the allegations against him were false, “just like the allegations against Adam Schiff are false and Letitia James are false and Lisa Cook are false.” “And a spoiler alert for you,” Swalwell continued, “there will be allegations next week against somebody that will be false.” Swalwell said he wasn’t surprised to be targeted by Trump, because “no one has been a more vocal critic than me.” The congressman noted that he was pursuing “one of the only remaining lawsuits” against Trump for his role on Jan.

Link: https://www.msnbc.com/morning-joe/watch/breaking-former-vice-president-dick-cheney-has-passed-away-251271237581
Article: Joe: None of Hegseth’s stories on the boat strike is stacking up 14:42 Kristin Chenowith: ‘The Queen of Versailles’ asks deep questions, and that’s why I wanted to do it 06:14 ‘They’re just done’: Anger, frustration with Johnson is reaching a breaking point, says reporter 07:28 ‘We are an education institution, not a political institution’: Dartmouth president 06:45 Armed Services Committee member says lawmakers ‘very concerned’ about boat strikes 10:15 Breaking: Suspect arrested in Jan. 6 pipe bomb case 03:19 Recognizing women transforming business and philanthropy 05:28 The country is off course and the future is unstable: Youth polling paints grim picture 10:01 ‘In over his head’: Jeffrey Goldberg on Pentagon watchdog finding Hegseth put troops at risk 07:07

Link: https://www.msnbc.com/top-stories/latest/department-war-defense-cost-trump-rcna243727
Article: While the pain of the government shutdown played out before him for six weeks, the president ignored Democrats’ demands to extend health care subsidies and argued to the Supreme Court against delivering food aid to low-income Americans. That $2 billion would’ve covered most of the gap in money required to cover all of the November SNAP benefits that the Trump administration said it lacked the money for.

Link: https://www.msnbc.com/deadline-white-house/deadline-legal-blog/trump-pardons-2020-election-crimes-ask-jordan-rcna243896
Article: “What is the practical effect of Trump pardoning individuals who took efforts to overturn the 2020 election results, given that (to my understanding) none of these individuals was convicted on FEDERAL charges?

Link: https://www.msnbc.com/rachel-maddow-show/maddowblog/white-house-public-will-likely-never-see-recent-economic-data-shutdown-rcna243665
Article: Under normal circumstances, on the first Friday of the month, the Labor Department’s Bureau of Labor Statistics releases closely watched employment reports that are scrutinized by observers around the world. Now that the longest shutdown in American history is over, is it finally time to turn on the lights, fill in the gaps, and learn about the state of the U.S. The Washington Post reported: White House press secretary Karoline Leavitt said Wednesday that key inflation and jobs data for October will ‘likely never’ be released due to the government shutdown. Speaking at a news briefing, Leavitt sought to blame Democrats for the more than 40-day government shutdown, which she said ‘may have permanently damaged the federal statistical system with October [consumer price index] and jobs reports likely never being released.’ She added that, as far as the White House is concerned, the recent economic data that is released will have been “permanently impaired” by the shutdown.

Link: https://www.msnbc.com/top-stories/latest/jeffrey-epstein-files-emails-trump-political-scandal-congress-rcna243731
Article: 12 episode of “The Briefing with Jen Psaki.” The way Donald Trump and his administration have handled the case against Jeffrey Epstein appears to be shaping up as the greatest political scandal of our lifetime. According to multiple outlets, on Wednesday the White House carried out a last-ditch pressure campaign against Republican members of Congress who had signed on to the effort to release the Epstein files. Meetings with members of Congress about anything but classified national security information are rarely, if ever, held in the Situation Room, but the dramatic backdrop here was maybe their point. Moments after her swearing-in, Grijalva became the 218th signature on the petition to vote on releasing the Epstein files, meaning the House is now on track to take that up on the floor next week. Given the effort Trump has already expended to keep these files from getting out and how engaged an otherwise fairly disengaged president seems to be in preventing even the discharge petition from moving forward, it raises the question: What else is in these files? In a 2019 email, Epstein said of Trump: “Of course he knew about the girls.” Shortly after Democrats released a select few of those emails, Republicans on the committee dropped an additional trove of more than 20,000 that were obtained from the Epstein estate. While MSNBC has not independently confirmed the authenticity of those emails or the allegations, several of them suggest that Trump may have known a whole lot more than he let on.

Link: https://www.msnbc.com/top-stories/latest/wall-street-dinner-white-house-trump-affordability-crisis-rcna243778
Article: The president’s meeting comes as his Treasury Department and Internal Revenue Service continue to dish out hundreds of billions of dollars in tax relief to some of the country’s biggest companies, while cutting programs for lower-income Americans, like the IRS’ free online system for filing tax returns. Wednesday’s private dinner prompted MSNBC host Stephanie Ruhle to call out the administration over its lopsided economic priorities on “The 11th Hour,” accusing officials of “making big moves to help big business, and at the same time, they are pulling back on some key things that help everyday Americans.” In addition to cutting the free tax-filing program, Ruhle pointed out other recent moves from the administration that could hurt lower-income Americans while big companies benefit, including Trump’s proposal for a 50-year mortgage and a plan to eliminate the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau.

Link: https://www.msnbc.com/rachel-maddow-show/maddowblog/trumps-white-house-renovation-ambitions-take-weird-turn-rcna243736
Article: As part of Donald Trump’s latest Fox News interview, parts of which aired over multiple nights this week, the president told host Laura Ingraham: “I built many ballrooms, and many buildings, and that’s my greatest strength, actually. Trump on his plans for the EEOB: pic.twitter.com/jaHuoR2r37 — Acyn (@Acyn) November 13, 2025 “Is the Executive Office Building color going to be changed?” Ingraham asked Trump, adding that she’d “heard a rumor” about this. “What it does is it brings out all the details.” For those unfamiliar with the White House complex, there’s the structure most people think of when they think of the presidential mansion. (The building has actually gone through several names — I still think of it as the Old Executive Office Building, or OEOB — but Republicans named it after Dwight Eisenhower in 1999.) The Eisenhower Executive Office Building on Oct.

Link: https://www.msnbc.com/top-stories/latest/trump-suppress-epstein-files-backfire-congress-rcna243975
Article: On Wednesday, we got one of our first glimpses into what kind of content could possibly be in those files when Congress released a trove of Epstein’s emails, subpoenaed from his estate. In other emails, Epstein said that Trump “knew about the girls as he asked ghislaine to stop” and offered to send a reporter from The New York Times a picture of Trump with “girls in bikinis in my kitchen.” MSNBC has not verified any claims made in those emails, but they are quite damning and have put the Epstein story at the center of the news. But instead of simply releasing the report, the administration held a widely publicized, Trump-friendly influencer event at the White House, where it handed out binders labeled “The Epstein Files.” However, when folks actually dug into the material, they were pretty disappointed. But when he was asked about the Epstein files, the president replied: “I guess I would … less so because you don’t know, you don’t want to affect people’s lives if it’s phony stuff in there, because it’s a lot of phony stuff with that whole world.” That attitude — Epstein, “less so” — became the official policy of the White House.

Link: https://www.msnbc.com/opinion/msnbc-opinion/obamacare-aca-subsidies-health-care-democrats-rcna243793
Article: It’s been a decade and a half since President Barack Obama signed the ACA into law, which in turn came a decade and a half after Bill Clinton’s failed attempt at health care reform early in his presidency. For the last 15 years, Democrats have said the same thing about the Affordable Care Act: The law has done a tremendous amount of good, but it’s far from perfect. The time has arrived for action to help them attain that opportunity and that protection.” That time, in fact, kept arriving; every Democratic president in the 80 years since Truman made at least some attempt to move toward universal coverage and containing costs. That number is expected to increase dramatically, both because of the expiration of enhanced subsidies and because Trump’s “big, beautiful bill” includes massive Medicaid cuts and restricts access to ACA marketplaces. That means Democrats have no choice but to come up with a new plan they can present to the public for health reform — and it has to be more than just reinforcing the ACA. Health policy experts spent years researching and developing ideas, and by the time the 2008 election arrived, the party had coalesced around an outline of what would become the ACA — a combination of subsidies for people in the middle to buy insurance, an expansion of Medicaid and a mandate for everyone to get covered. While Obama, Hillary Clinton and John Edwards argued about the details in that year’s presidential primary, their differences were minor because they were working from a policy consensus that had already taken shape. More from MS NOW Daily Must reads from Today's list The cost of Trump’s bank deregulation could be catastrophic Julie Siegel Banning ‘shaken baby syndrome’ claims from courts doesn’t solve the legal problem John Pfaff My own preference would be to model our next reform on the combination of public and private insurance that’s used successfully in various forms in countries such as Australia, Canada, France and Denmark. Play Opponents of health care reforms count on Americans believing that we can’t have anything better, or at the very least that it can only be a little bit better. But we know that isn’t true, because every other industrialized country on Earth has a national system that is far less expensive than ours, yet still insures all or virtually all residents.

Link: https://www.msnbc.com/opinion/msnbc-opinion/shutdown-health-care-aca-obamacare-subsidies-rcna243483
Article: In striking a deal to reopen federal agencies, lawmakers failed to extend the Affordable Care Act’s enhanced subsidies, the financial assistance that keeps health insurance affordable for 24 million people nationwide. As a physician who has spent more than a decade treating patients in emergency rooms, I have seen what happens when people can’t afford to see a doctor until it is too late. According to the health policy research firm KFF, if these subsidies expire, then the average annual premium payment for subsidized enrollees could more than double, from $888 this year to about $1,904 in 2026. The idea that Congress can shut down the government over affordable health care, delay action on extending these subsidies and maybe not extend them at all shows how far we have drifted from the basic principle that health care should be stable and not subject to political cycles. When we talk about health equity, we are talking about making sure that a mother in Mississippi or a gig worker in Queens does not lose coverage because Congress can’t keep the lights on. More from MS NOW Daily Must reads from Today's list The cost of Trump’s bank deregulation could be catastrophic Julie Siegel Banning ‘shaken baby syndrome’ claims from courts doesn’t solve the legal problem John Pfaff The expiration of these subsidies would undo much of the progress we have made since the pandemic in narrowing coverage gaps. Uché Blackstock Uché Blackstock, M.D., is the founder and CEO of Advancing Health Equity, best-selling author of "LEGACY: A Black Physician Reckons with Racism in Medicine" and a former MSNBC and NBC News medical contributor.

Link: https://www.msnbc.com/top-stories/latest/california-redistricting-newsom-proposition-50-doj-lawsuit-rcna243792
Article: Calling the California measure a “power grab,” Attorney General Pam Bondi wrote on X on Thursday: “Newsom should be concerned about keeping Californians safe and shutting down Antifa violence, not rigging his state for political gain.”

Link: https://www.msnbc.com/msnbc/news/noem-announce-10000-bonuses-several-thousand-tsa-agents-rcna243738
Article: Recommended Maddowblog Kristi Noem stars in partisan video about the shutdown, to be shown in airports Steve Benen Latest Backlash to Noem and Hegseth’s outrageous demands shows the simple power of saying ‘no’ Jen Psaki, Allison Detzel, Seamus O’Toole The bonus money provided to agents will come from carry over funds from fiscal year 2025, according to an internal memo at the Department of Homeland Security, obtained by MSNBC.

Link: https://www.msnbc.com/opinion/msnbc-opinion/paul-coakley-usccb-catholic-immigration-rcna243314
Article: The election of Coakley is yet another sign that the American Catholic Church has decided to keep on its rightward political move, in the service of what Winters terms “accommodation.” Coakley, who replaces Archbishop Timothy Broglio as president of the USCCB, is not the change candidate needed to mount a full-throated response to the Trump administration’s mass-deportation goals. While Coakley has been vocal about immigration issues, he said on the day of his election that it’s better to “cast more light than heat.” He spoke after his election of the need to figure out “how to work with our administration to advance the interests of the church” on immigration policies. But as disappointing as the election of Coakley is, there are yet signs that the UCCSB appreciates the awfulness of what Immigration and Customs Enforcement and the Department of Homeland Security are doing on our streets. Bishop Daniel Flores of Brownsville, Texas, only lost the USCCB presidency by a few votes, which means that the vocal advocate for immigrants and their plight will be the vice president of the conference. Coakley, a particularly staunch pro-lifer, serves as adviser to the Napa Institute, the mission of which, in its own words, is to “empower Catholic leaders to renew the church and transform the culture.” Theologian Massimo Faggioli wrote this year that the “Napa Institute is one of those places where the new American political-religious order is taking shape” and that “the voices of the bishops there hold a particular authority.” Coakley’s authority was compromised, though, when he expressed support for Archbishop Carlo Maria Viganò, the former apostolic nuncio to the U.S. and Vatican church officials, including Pope Francis,” for mishandling claims that former Archbishop Theodore McCarrick had sexually abused minors and adults, and he called on Francis to “set a good example” and resign the papacy. Responding to the news of Viganò’s 11-page testimony, Coakley wrote a letter to the Archdiocese of Oklahoma City, saying, “While I lack any personal knowledge or experience of the details contained in his ‘testimony,’ I have the deepest respect for Archbishop Viganò and his personal integrity.” Francis said he did not know about McCarrick’s abuse, and he defrocked McCarrick in 2019. Speaking to OSV News after his election, Coakely said of Viganò, “The harm that was done through that scandal has been deep and mistrust that followed is real.” Coakley said he “didn’t know Archbishop (Carlo Maria) Viganò other than what I knew of him from walking these halls here at bishops’ meetings. And I just didn’t want to jump to conclusions before all of the information was available.” A Special Pastoral Message on Immigration is an indication that the bishops are pulling together to echo Pope Leo XIV on immigration. Regarding Viganò, Coakley said he didn’t know “what his views were, when I made those comments, which have been thrown back in my face numerous times subsequently and used against me,” but he agreed with the reporter interviewing him that the claims against him were warranted. In addition to Flores’ election, a Special Pastoral Message on Immigration, approved on the second day of the bishops’ conference, is an indication that the bishops are pulling together to echo Pope Leo XIV on the issue of immigration. The statement said, in part: More from MS NOW Daily Must reads from Today's list The cost of Trump’s bank deregulation could be catastrophic Julie Siegel Banning ‘shaken baby syndrome’ claims from courts doesn’t solve the legal problem John Pfaff “We are disturbed when we see among our people a climate of fear and anxiety around questions of profiling and immigration enforcement. We are troubled by threats against the sanctity of houses of worship and the special nature of hospitals and schools.” That message will be given to each parish across the U.S. Simone Risoluti / Vatican Media and Vatican Pool via Getty Images The document, which a group of bishops worked on, was strengthened with language suggested by Cardinal Blase Cupich of Chicago: “We oppose the indiscriminate mass deportation of people.” While this simple sentence should be clear from Catholic Church doctrine, it took Cupich to remind the conference of the need to speak with plain moral clarity. Will Coakley, who doesn’t want “heat” with the White House, be the one to communicate that message as ICE continues to chase down people on our streets to deport them? But until then, the pews of many parishes in the United States will remain emptier as Catholic immigrants hide in their homes because ICE has made them too afraid to come out and worship.

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/12/04/nx-s1-5634017/grand-jury-rejects-new-mortgage-fraud-indictment-against-new-york-attorney-general-letitia-james
Article: Grand jury rejects new mortgage fraud indictment against New York Attorney General Letitia James toggle caption John Clark/AP The Justice Department failed Thursday to secure a new indictment against New York Attorney General Letitia James after a judge dismissed the previous mortgage fraud prosecution encouraged by President Donald Trump, according to people familiar with the matter. Prosecutors went back to a grand jury in Virginia after a judge's ruling halting the prosecution of James and another longtime Trump foe, former FBI Director James Comey, on the grounds that the U.S. In a statement Thursday, James said: "It is time for this unchecked weaponization of our justice system to stop." "This should be the end of this case," her attorney, Abbe Lowell, said in a statement. "If they continue, undeterred by a court ruling and a grand jury's rejection of the charges, it will be a shocking assault on the rule of law and a devastating blow to the integrity of our justice system." The allegations related to James' purchase of a modest house in Norfolk, where she has family. Sponsor Message Rather than using the home as a second residence, James rented it out to a family of three, allowing her to obtain favorable loan terms not available for investment properties, prosecutors alleged. It's so unusual for grand jurors to refuse to return an indictment that it was once said that prosecutors could persuade a grand jury to "indict a ham sandwich." But the Justice Department has faced setbacks in front of grand juries in several recent cases. James' lawyers separately argued the case was a vindictive prosecution brought to punish the Trump critic who spent years investigating and suing the Republican president and won a staggering judgment in a lawsuit alleging he defrauded banks by overstating the value of his real estate holdings on financial statements. attorney and publicly implored Attorney General Pam Bondi to take action against his political opponents, saying in a Truth Social post that, "We can't delay any longer, it's killing our reputation and credibility" and "JUSTICE MUST BE SERVED, NOW!!!" Sponsor Message Comey was indicted three days after Halligan was sworn in by Bondi, and James was charged two weeks after that. The Justice Department had defended Halligan's appointment but has also revealed that Bondi had given Halligan a separate position of "Special Attorney," presumably as a way to protect the indictments from the possibility of collapse.

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/12/04/nx-s1-5619692/supreme-court-texas-redistricting-map
Article: Supreme Court lets Texas use gerrymandered map that could give GOP 5 more House seats toggle caption Eric Gay/AP The Supreme Court has cleared the way for Texas to use a new congressional map that could help Republicans win five more U.S. The decision released Thursday boosts the GOP's chances of preserving its slim majority in the House of Representatives amid an unprecedented gerrymandering fight launched by President Trump, who has been pushing Texas and other GOP-led states to redraw their congressional districts to benefit Republicans. Sponsor Message After holding a nine-day hearing in October, that panel found challengers of the new map are likely to prove in a trial that the map violates the Constitution by discriminating against voters based on race. In its majority opinion — authored by a Trump nominee — the panel cited a letter from the Department of Justice and multiple public statements by key Republican state lawmakers that suggested their map-drawer manipulated the racial demographics of voting districts to eliminate existing districts where Black and Latino voters together make up the majority. But in Texas' filing to the Supreme Court, the state claimed the lawmakers were not motivated by race and were focused instead on drawing new districts that are more likely to elect Republicans. What the Supreme Court said In its Thursday decision to side with Texas, the Supreme Court said the panel "failed to honor the presumption of legislative good faith by construing ambiguous direct and circumstantial evidence against the legislature." The high court also found that, given the release of the panel's ruling in the middle of Texas' candidate filing period, the lower court had "improperly inserted itself into an active primary campaign, causing much confusion and upsetting the delicate federal-state balance in elections." Sponsor Message In a dissenting opinion, however, Supreme Court Justice Elena Kagan criticized the court's majority for reversing the panel's decision after a "perusal, over a holiday weekend, of a cold paper record." The high court's decision "ensures that many Texas citizens, for no good reason, will be placed in electoral districts because of their race," wrote Kagan, who was joined by the court's two other liberals, Justices Sonia Sotomayor and Ketanji Brown Jackson. "And that result, as this Court has pronounced year in and year out, is a violation of the Constitution." In November, after the panel blocked the new map, Justice Samuel Alito allowed Texas to temporarily reinstate it while the Supreme Court reviewed the state's emergency request. Texas state Attorney General Ken Paxton, a Republican, cheered the Supreme Court's ruling on Thursday, saying in a statement that the GOP-drawn map "reflects the political climate of our state and is a massive win for Texas and every conservative who is tired of watching the left try to upend the political system with bogus lawsuits." Democrats criticized the high court. Suzan DelBene, chair of the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee, said in a statement that the "people of Texas don't want this map, but it was put in place at the behest of national Republicans who are desperate to cling to their majority in the House of Representatives by decimating minority voting opportunity." Texas kicked off a redistricting fight The mid-decade redistricting plan Texas Republicans passed in August sparked a counter response by Democratic leaders in California, where voters in a special election in November approved a new congressional map that could help Democrats gain five additional House seats. After the court held a rare rehearing for that case in October, some states are watching for a potential earlier-than-usual ruling that may allow Republican-led states to draw more GOP-friendly districts in time for the 2026 midterms.

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/12/04/nx-s1-5633444/trump-content-moderation-visas-censorship
Article: State Department to deny visas to fact checkers and others, citing 'censorship' toggle caption Kevin Dietsch/Getty Images The State Department is instructing its staff to reject visa applications from people who worked on fact-checking, content moderation or other activities the Trump administration considers "censorship" of Americans' speech. The directive, sent in an internal memo on Tuesday, is focused on applicants for H-1B visas for highly skilled workers, which are frequently used by tech companies, among other sectors. "If you uncover evidence an applicant was responsible for, or complicit in, censorship or attempted censorship of protected expression in the United States, you should pursue a finding that the applicant is ineligible" for a visa, the memo says. It refers to a policy announced by Secretary of State Marco Rubio in May restricting visas from being issued to "foreign officials and persons who are complicit in censoring Americans." The Trump administration has been highly critical of tech companies' efforts to police what people are allowed to post on their platforms and of the broader field of trust and safety, the tech industry's term for teams that focus on preventing abuse, fraud, illegal content, and other harmful behavior online. Tuesday's memo calls out H-1B visa applicants in particular "as many work in or have worked in the tech sector, including in social media or financial services companies involved in the suppression of protected expression." It directs consular officers to "thoroughly explore" the work histories of applicants, both new and returning, by reviewing their resumes, LinkedIn profiles, and appearances in media articles for activities including combatting misinformation, disinformation or false narratives, fact-checking, content moderation, compliance, and trust and safety. "I'm alarmed that trust and safety work is being conflated with 'censorship'," said Alice Goguen Hunsberger, who has worked in trust and safety at tech companies including OpenAI and Grindr. "Trust and safety is a broad practice which includes critical and life-saving work to protect children and stop CSAM [child sexual abuse material], as well as preventing fraud, scams, and sextortion. "Bad actors that target Americans come from all over the world and it's so important to have people who understand different languages and cultures on trust and safety teams — having global workers at tech companies in [trust and safety] absolutely keeps Americans safer." Sponsor Message In a statement, a State Department spokesperson who declined to give their name said the department does not comment on "allegedly leaked documents," but added: "the Administration has made clear that it defends Americans' freedom of expression against foreigners who wish to censor them. We do not support aliens coming to the United States to work as censors muzzling Americans." The statement continued: "In the past, the President himself was the victim of this kind of abuse when social media companies locked his accounts. Allowing foreigners to lead this type of censorship would both insult and injure the American people." First Amendment experts criticized the memo's guidance as itself a potential violation of free speech rights. On Wednesday, the State Department announced it would require H-1B visa applicants and their dependents to set their social media profiles to "public" so they can be reviewed by U.S.

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/12/04/nx-s1-5633347/libraries-museums-federal-funding-imls-trump-cuts
Article: Libraries and museums get federal funding back after Trump cuts toggle caption Jacquelyn Martin/AP The Institute of Museum and Library Services is reinstating all grants that were previously terminated by the Trump administration. A short statement posted on the agency's website Wednesday reads, "this action supersedes any prior notices which may have been received related to grant termination." The IMLS is the independent agency in charge of awarding federal grant funding to libraries and museums across the country. Sponsor Message In response to the EO, attorneys general in 21 states filed a lawsuit against the administration, and in November a Rhode Island District Court judge ruled that the Trump administration's actions were unlawful. ALA calls on everyone who values libraries to remind their Congressmembers and elected officials at every level why America's libraries deserve more, not fewer resources." NPR has reached out to IMLS representatives for comment.

Link: https://www.npr.org/sections/shots-health-news/2025/12/04/nx-s1-5629199/cdc-acip-hepatitis-b-vaccine-meeting
Article: CDC advisers delay planned vote on hepatitis B vaccine for infants toggle caption Elijah Nouvelage/Getty Images Vaccine advisers to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention unexpectedly postponed controversial votes Thursday on changes to the current recommendation of universally immunizing newborns against hepatitis B. "I protest the description that the ACIP members have been consulted in developing these questions." Sponsor Message The vote was intended to focus on ending a longstanding recommendation to vaccinate all healthy newborns against hepatitis B, regardless of whether the mother tests positive or negative for the virus. But the language of the vote was changed between the time it was posted Friday morning to the early afternoon and some members of the group wanted more time to consider it in writing. "Babies who are born without high risk factors, without a mother who is antigen positive, without a family member who has hepatitis B – for these babies, the potential for benefit is so low," said Høeg, who was named as acting director for the FDA's Center for Drug Evaluation and Research on Thursday. "This disease has gone down in the United States, thanks to the effectiveness of our current immunization program," said Meissner, who is the only current member that has served on the committee in the past. When challenged by another adviser, Robert Malone, a vaccinologist and biochemist, to caveat this statement as his "opinion," he replied: "These are facts, Robert." Nonvoting liaisons from medical professional groups spoke out against the process, which deviates from how ACIP usually works. "Your job as a committee is to look at the totality of the risks and benefits, the harms, the equity, which you have not done." The postponement leads to a packed agenda on Friday.

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/12/04/nx-s1-5630490/prison-doj-safety-memo-changes-trans-lgbtq-inmates
Article: DOJ orders prison inspectors to stop considering LGBTQ safety standards toggle caption Andrew Harnik/AP The Department of Justice has instructed inspectors to stop evaluating prisons and jails using standards designed to protect transgender, intersex and gender-nonconforming people from sexual violence, according to an internal memo obtained by NPR. The memo explains that DOJ is in the process of revising federal standards related to the 2003 Prison Rape Elimination Act (PREA) in order to align with President Trump's executive order on "gender ideology extremism." The Jan. Sponsor Message According to the DOJ memo, while the revision process is underway, detention centers that undergo PREA audits will no longer be inspected using standards specifically designed to keep LGBTQ and intersex people safe. In his first few days in office, Trump upended long-standing federal policies that would allow incarcerated trans women to be housed in a facility that aligns with their gender identity. Linda McFarlane, executive director of Just Detention International, said this rollback "will immediately put people in danger." JDI is a human rights group dedicated to ending sexual abuse in detention. "And when facilities are less safe for the most vulnerable and marginalized, they're less safe for everybody." In practice, the memo says auditors will no longer review whether facilities house transgender people based on their gender identity and on a case-by-case basis. A major 2015 survey from the criminal justice group Black and Pink found that LGBTQ prisoners were over six times as likely to be sexually assaulted as the general prison population. According to Brenda Smith, a professor at American University Washington College of Law and director of The Project on Addressing Prison Rape, the available data doesn't show the whole picture and that rate could be higher. (In 2003, Smith was appointed to the National Prison Rape Elimination Commission, which helped develop these very standards.) She said the current changes laid out in the memo ignore this grim reality. In the spring, the DOJ made massive funding cuts to crime-victim advocacy programs across the nation, including the National PREA Resource Center — the organization that trains auditors, tracks the outcomes of investigations and provides resources to victims and auditors. The DOJ at the time told NPR that it was "focused on prosecuting criminals, getting illegal drugs off of the streets, and protecting American institutions from toxic DEI and sanctuary city policies. Discretionary funds that are no longer aligned with the administration's priorities are subject to review and reallocation." The standards designed to protect inmates from sexual violence were developed after years of bipartisan work. They were created in response to overwhelming data, anecdotal evidence and a landmark Human Rights Watch report that showed sexual violence was, and continues to be, a serious problem behind bars. Sponsor Message The most recent data from the Bureau of Justice Statistics shows that in 2020, correctional administrators reported 36,264 allegations of sexual victimization in prisons, jails and other adult correctional facilities. Lingering confusion McFarlane's group, Just Detention International, says the DOJ memo lays out the government's plan to permanently revise the PREA standards and marks the first time the administration has publicly indicated what requirements it aims to remove. In a statement, the National Association of PREA Coordinators, a professional organization for coordinators who ensure agencies' compliance with the law, said that since the DOJ has not finalized any new regulations related to PREA, the current standards remain unchanged. In the absence of a separate state or municipal law, the statement said, the DOJ memo allows each corrections agency or detention facility "to continue following the regulation or, if they choose, to ignore it." The memo allows the DOJ "to implement the President's policy while allowing state and local governments to determine how to best meet the needs of incarcerated people who are transgender and gender diverse," according to the statement. James, a PREA auditor for detention centers in multiple states, told NPR in an email that the memo makes the auditors' jobs "both more confusing and more difficult." He said it will affect how the auditors are trained. "By removing these elements, auditors will have to reevaluate how they are auditing and may miscalculate compliance due to these unexpected changes." But because PREA has been in place for more than 20 years and the prevalence of sexual abuse within the prison system is well-known, James said, "I believe and trust" that facilities "will do what is best for the incarcerated population."

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/12/04/nx-s1-5632657/tanzania-us-election-violence
Article: is "comprehensively reviewing" its ties with Tanzania after the State Department condemned "repression" and "disturbing violence against civilians" during protests that followed the country's disputed October presidential election, which returned President Samia Suluhu Hassan to power. According to the country's main opposition party, the United Nations and several rights groups, hundreds of people may have been killed as a result of the government crackdown on protestors, though the government has not released an official death toll and independent verification remains limited. Sponsor Message This is Washington's strongest rebuke against Tanzania which last month saw the European Union suspend tens of millions of dollars in aid, citing the crackdown and lack of transparency. "All restrictions on media coverage must be lifted, as they are incompatible with Tanzania's international obligations." Amnesty International and other right groups says Tanzania's post election crisis marks a deepening crisis in the region, with opposition and press freedom crackdowns in East Africa For the Oduor family and hundreds of others searching for loved ones, the political rhetoric offers little comfort.

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/12/04/nx-s1-5632595/spotify-wrapped-listening-age
Article: Within hours of Wrapped dropping, social media was ablaze with screenshots and memes from listeners mostly either bragging or baffled about their listening age — particularly those many decades younger or older than their actual age. It has become the norm for people to repost their top-five lists and listening-time tallies on social media — both giving Spotify free publicity and presenting a piece of themselves to their network. "[Spotify Wrapped] is a way by which we're able to project our identity based upon our cultural consumption," says Marcus Collins, a professor at the University of Michigan's Ross School of Business (and an R&B fan with a listening age of 40, a few years younger than his real age). "It creates another identity project force, another … shock to the system for us to talk about," says Collins, who previously worked on iTunes initiatives at Apple and ran digital strategy for Beyoncé. One 2013 study, for example, found that young adults had strong positive memories of the music that their parents — and even grandparents — loved when they were that age. "There's this idea that there are life stages … where we are receptive and open to new music, where music sort of shapes the experiences that we have, and as we get past those years, we kind of stay … in that moment in time," Collins says. Spotify says it combs through a listener's songs to identify the "five-year span of music that you engaged with more than other listeners your age." It hypothesizes that this five-year window matches a listener's "reminiscence bump," assuming they were between 16 and 21 when those songs came out. "For example, if you listen to way more music from the late 1970s than others your age, we playfully hypothesize that your 'listening' age is 63 today, the age of someone who would have been in their formative years in the late 1970s," it explains. Collins says this approach not only plays into our sense of nostalgia but also helps "carve out where we sit in the timeline of our … social world." Our listening age tells us more about ourselves and gives us something new to talk about with our friends, especially if it's extreme or unexpected. "The truth of the matter is, it's both of them at the same time." Collins says it's a win-win situation because "the best marketing on the planet is us." Spotify is trying to get business for its platform, he says, but also helping people connect — which in turn helps it even more. That in turn makes him want to see and share his stats, "not because I love Spotify so much, but because I want to participate in the social practices of my people." "The best advertising isn't advertising — it's cultural production," he adds. For its part, Spotify says that each of its slides is "made to be accurate, fair, and reflective, while still keeping a sense of mystery and magic." It's that mystery that some of us may find slightly maddening.

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/12/04/nx-s1-5633245/hegseth-signal-yemen-venezuela-boat-strikes
Article: Top admiral briefs lawmakers on boat strike as watchdog faults Hegseth for Signal use toggle caption Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images Defense Secretary Pete Hegseth faced scrutiny on two fronts Thursday, as lawmakers zeroed in on the legality of a Sept. After those briefings, leading Democrats expressed shock at what they saw, with the top Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee calling it "one of the most troubling things I've seen in my time in public service." Sponsor Message "You have two individuals in clear distress, without any means of locomotion, with a destroyed vessel, who were killed by the United States," said Rep. Tom Cotton, R-Ark., told reporters the video showed "two survivors trying to flip a boat loaded with drugs bound for the United States, back over so they could stay in the fight." Cotton, who sits on the Armed Services Committee, described multiple strikes taking place "minutes apart," but said he did not see "anything disturbing about it." He called the strikes "entirely lawful." The briefings appeared to offer new specifics on an attack that has raised questions from lawmakers and military experts over whether the strikes broke U.S. "I wasn't involved in it." Hegseth said he did not make the call for any subsequent boat strikes after authorizing the initial strike, but defended sinking the boat and Bradley's decision-making. So I moved on to my next meeting." Sponsor Message During Thursday's briefings, Bradley told lawmakers that he was under no order to kill everyone on board, according to both Cotton and Himes. After meeting with Bradley, the top Democrat on the Senate Armed Services Committee, Jack Reed of Rhode Island, said he still had "serious questions about the legality of all the strikes" in the Caribbean. "If we don't insist upon strict observation of the rules of war, we can't expect our opponents to do it, and as a result we're jeopardizing the lives of young men and women in our armed services," he said in an interview with All Things Considered. The investigation's findings were the culmination of a months-long probe led by Pentagon Inspector General Steven Stebbins, following a request from the top Republican and Democrat on the Senate Armed Services Committee. It was started after a journalist for The Atlantic reported in March that he had been added to a Signal group chat where a handful of top officials discussed plans to strike Houthi rebels in Yemen. Sponsor Message The 84-page report concludes that Hegseth's decision to share highly sensitive military plans on the commercially available encrypted messaging app, using his personal cell phone, could have jeopardized the safety of American servicemembers and the mission. "Using a personal cell phone to conduct official business and send nonpublic DoD information through Signal risks potential compromise of sensitive DoD information, which could cause harm to DoD personnel and mission objectives," it added. Hegseth declined to be interviewed for Stebbins' investigation and instead provided only a written statement where he argued that the information he shared in the Signal chat did not require classification.

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/12/04/g-s1-100609/putin-ukraine-russia-war-us-peace-plan
Article: But the effort has once again run into demands that are hard to reconcile, especially over whether Ukraine must give up land to Russia and how it can be kept safe from any future aggression by Moscow. Sponsor Message Trump's special envoy, Steve Witkoff, and son-in-law Jared Kushner, are set to meet with Ukraine's lead negotiator, Rustem Umerov, later Thursday in Miami for further talks, according to a senior Trump administration official who wasn't authorized to comment publicly and spoke on condition of anonymity. peace proposal, "which is why it took so long." "This was a necessary conversation, a very concrete one," he said, with provisions that Moscow was ready to discuss, while others "we can't agree to." Trump said Wednesday that Witkoff and Kushner came away from their marathon session confident that he wants to find an end to the war. Xi, whose country has provided strong diplomatic support for Putin, did not say respond to France's call, but said that "China supports all efforts that work towards peace." Russian barrages of civilian areas of Ukraine continued overnight into Thursday.

Link: https://www.cnn.com/business/live-news/fox-news-dominion-trial-04-18-23/index.html
Article: (CNN) Dominion Voting Systems had two goals in its defamation case against Fox News — accountability and “trying to make Dominion whole,” said Justin Nelson, the lead counsel election technology company. The payment of more than $787 million by Fox News to Dominion and the network’s statement acknowledging that its coverage of the 2020 election was false was “a strong message of accountability” and an important victory for the employees of his client’s company. “And what today has shown is that you have to pay a price if you’re telling lies.” Previous court filings revealed messages that showed that the most prominent stars and highest-ranking executives at Fox News privately ridiculed claims of election fraud in the 2020 election, despite the right-wing channel allowing lies about the presidential contest to be promoted on its air. “It’s a lot of what we teach our kids, which is that the truth does indeed matter, and if you are lying, eventually there’s going to be consequences to that,” Nelson said.

Link: https://www.cnn.com/business/live-news/fox-news-dominion-trial-04-18-23/h_8d51e3ae2714edaa0dace837305d03b8
Article: (CNN) Dominion Voting Systems had two goals in its defamation case against Fox News — accountability and “trying to make Dominion whole,” said Justin Nelson, the lead counsel election technology company. The payment of more than $787 million by Fox News to Dominion and the network’s statement acknowledging that its coverage of the 2020 election was false was “a strong message of accountability” and an important victory for the employees of his client’s company. “And what today has shown is that you have to pay a price if you’re telling lies.” Previous court filings revealed messages that showed that the most prominent stars and highest-ranking executives at Fox News privately ridiculed claims of election fraud in the 2020 election, despite the right-wing channel allowing lies about the presidential contest to be promoted on its air. “It’s a lot of what we teach our kids, which is that the truth does indeed matter, and if you are lying, eventually there’s going to be consequences to that,” Nelson said.

Link: https://www.cnn.com/2023/04/17/media/dominion-fox-news-allegations/index.html
Article: CNN — For all the interest in big-name witnesses and eye-opening private text messages, at the core of the defamation lawsuit filed by Dominion Voting Systems against Fox News are 20 specific broadcasts and tweets in which the voting company says Fox knowingly promoted lies, destroying its reputation. According to the lawsuit, all 20 statements took place between November 8, 2020, and January 26, 2021, and came in the form of on-air comments from Fox hosts Jeanine Pirro, Lou Dobbs and Maria Bartiromo; interviews with prominent pro-Trump election deniers Sidney Powell, Rudy Giuliani and Mike Lindell; and several of Dobbs’ tweets. The wild allegations in the statements fell into four broad categories: that Dominion conducted election fraud, that it used algorithms to flip votes, that it had ties to Venezuela and that politicians received kickbacks to use the company. The judge overseeing the defamation trial has already ruled that these allegations were false, saying it is “CRYSTAL clear that none of the Statements relating to Dominion about the 2020 election are true.” At trial, it will be a jury’s job to determine if the statements were made with “actual malice” – a high bar based on knowing falseness or having a reckless disregard for the truth – and potentially award damages. “That is where the fraud took place where they were flipping votes in the computer system or adding votes that did not exist.” Broadcast 2: Dobbs interviews Giuliani The broadcast: “Lou Dobbs Tonight” on November 12, 2020. Key false quote: “So, we’re using a foreign company that is owned by Venezuelans who are close to – were close to (Hugo) Chávez, are now close to (Nicolás) Maduro, have a history. “Well, I can hardly wait to put forth all the evidence we have collected on Dominion, starting with the fact it was created to produce altered voting results in Venezuela for Hugo Chavez and then shipped internationally to manipulate votes for purchase in other countries, including this one,” Powell said. “We also need to look at and we’re beginning to collect evidence on the financial interests of some of the governors and Secretaries of State who actually bought into the Dominion Systems … to line their own pockets by getting a voting machine in that would either make sure their election was successful or they got money for their family from it,” she added. “You’re going to have to be quick to go through and to produce that investigation and the results of it.” Broadcast 4: Tweet from Dobbs Lou Dobbs was involved in 12 allegedly defamatory statements, Dominion said in its lawsuit. “Read all about Dominion and Smartmatic voting companies and you’ll soon understand how pervasive this Democrat electoral fraud is, and why there’s no way in the world the 2020 Presidential election was either free or fair. “There is an American citizen who has exported it to other countries and it is one huge, huge criminal conspiracy that should be investigated by military intelligence for its national security implications.” “Yes. Key false quote: “I’ve just gotten some stunning evidence from a firsthand witness, a high-ranking military officer, who was present when Smartmatic was designed in a way that – and I’m going to just read to you some of these statements, if you don’t mind, so I get them exactly right,” Powell said. Powell continued, “From the affidavit, (Smartmatic was) ‘designed in a way that the system could change the vote of each voter without being detected.’” Powell also incorrectly claimed that Smartmatic owns Dominion. Broadcast 9: Dobbs interviews Giuliani Statements from Rudy Giuliani, the former New York City Mayor and attorney to President Donald Trump, are at issue in six of the 20 broadcasts. Key false quote: “But I mean just the mere fact that we have a foreign country, we had this in a foreign country, done by friends of an enemy of the United States, Maduro, is outrageous and has to stop immediately,” Giuliani said. Broadcast 10: Dobbs interviews Powell Fox Business host Lou Dobbs conducts a phone interview with pro-Trump lawyer Sidney Powell during the November 19, 2020, edition of "Lou Dobbs Tonight." Fox News/court filings The broadcast: “Lou Dobbs Tonight” on November 19, 2020. Key false quote: “Let me put it this way, there are thousands of people in federal prisons on far less evidence of criminal conduct than we have already against the Smartmatic and Dominion Systems companies,” Powell said. Key false quote: “The President’s lawyers alleging a company called Dominion, which they say started in Venezuela with Cuban money, and with the assistance of Smartmatic software, a backdoor is capable of flipping votes,” Pirro said. Key false quote: “We are just continuing to be inundated by evidence of all the frauds here and every manner and means of fraud you could possibly think of,” Powell said. “I think many Americans have given no thought to electoral fraud that would be perpetrated through electronic voting; that is, these machines, these electronic voting companies, including Dominion, prominently Dominion, at least in the suspicions of a lot of Americans,” Dobbs said. “Give us your sense of who is driving all of this,” Dobbs asked Phil Waldron, a Trump supporter who worked with Powell and others to spread conspiracy theories about the 2020 election. “We have technical presentations that prove there is an embedded controller in every Dominion machine, that allows an election supervisor to move votes from one candidate to another,” the document stated. We have tremendous evidence already … of fraud in this election, but I will be glad to put forward on this broadcast whatever evidence you have, and we’ll be glad to do it immediately.” Broadcast 18: Tweet from Dobbs The broadcast: Dobbs tweet with embedded video of Powell interview on December 10, 2020. Key false quote: “We have a machine, the Dominion machine, that’s as filled with holes as Swiss cheese and was developed to steal elections, and being used in the states that are involved,” Giuliani said. Broadcast 20: Tucker Carlson interviews Mike Lindell Fox News host Tucker Carlson interviews Trump ally Mike Lindell during the January 26, 2021, edition of "Tucker Carlson Tonight." Fox News/court filings The broadcast: “Tucker Carlson Tonight” on January 26, 2021.

Link: https://www.cnn.com/2023/04/18/media/fox-dominion-settlement/index.html
Article: Wilmington, Delaware CNN — Fox News reached a last-second settlement with Dominion Voting Systems on Tuesday as the case raced toward opening statements, paying more than $787 million to end a colossal two-year legal battle that publicly shredded the right-wing network’s credibility. Attorneys representing Dominion Voting Systems, leave the New Castle County Courthouse in Wilmington, Del., after the defamation lawsuit by Dominion Voting Systems against Fox News was settled just as the jury trial was set to begin, Tuesday, April 18, 2023. Julio Cortez/AP “The parties have resolved their case,” Judge Eric Davis said, before dismissing the 12-member jury, crediting them with giving the parties an impetus to reach a settlement, effusively praising the lawyers from both sides, and gaveling out the so-called media “trial of the century” before it could even begin. “For our democracy to endure for another 250 years, and hopefully much longer, we must share a commitment to facts… Today represents a ringing endorsement for truth and for democracy.” The right-wing network said in a statement that it “acknowledge[s] the Court’s rulings finding certain claims about Dominion to be false,” referring to Davis’ recent ruling that 20 Fox News broadcasts from late 2020 contained blatantly untrue assertions that Dominion rigged the presidential election. The $787.5 million payout is roughly half of the $1.6 billion that Dominion initially sought, though it is nearly 10 times the company’s valuation from 2018, and roughly eight times its annual revenue in 2021, according to court filings. By settling with Dominion, influential Fox News executives and prominent on-air personalities will be spared from testifying about their 2020 election coverage, which was filled with lies about voter fraud. Fox lawyers leave the courthouse after Dominion Voting Systems and Fox settled a defamation lawsuit for $787.5 million, avoiding trial, over Fox's coverage of debunked election-rigging claims, in Delaware Superior Court, in Wilmington, Delaware, U.S. Damning emails, texts, and deposition testimony made public during the case revealed that these figures, and many others at Fox, privately said in 2020 that the vote-rigging claims against Dominion were asinine. Carlson said he “passionately” hates Donald Trump, whose presidency was a “disaster.” Fox hosts, producers, fact-checkers, and senior executives privately said in the on-air claims of a stolen election were “kooky,” “dangerously reckless” and “mind-blowingly nuts.” These revelations generated months of blistering headlines for Fox as the case moved toward trial. “We are hopeful that our decision to resolve this dispute with Dominion amicably, instead of the acrimony of a divisive trial, allows the country to move forward from these issues.” Fox News and Fox Corporation – its parent company, which was also a defendant – maintain they never defamed Dominion, and say the case was a meritless assault on First Amendment press freedoms. Dramatic days in Delaware Speculation of a settlement reached a fever pitch in recent days, especially after the court on Sunday announced a one-day delay to the start of the trial, which was originally set to begin on Monday. “Without you, the parties would not have been able to resolve their situation.” Many on the Dominion side cast the settlement as a victory for democracy and for truth itself. “Fox has admitted to telling lies about Dominion that caused enormous damage to my company, our employees, and the customers that we serve,” Dominion CEO John Poulos said Tuesday outside court. While the Dominion case is now over, Fox News is still facing a second major defamation lawsuit from Smartmatic, another voting technology company that was similarly smeared on Fox News’ shows after the 2020 election.

Link: https://www.cnn.com/videos/politics/2023/04/18/jake-tapper-dominion-lawsuit-settlement-fox-news-statement-lead-vpx.cnn
Article: Video player was slow to load content Video content never loaded Ad froze or did not finish loading Video content did not start after ad Audio on ad was too loud Other issues

Link: https://www.cnn.com/2023/04/18/politics/mccarthy-biden-debt-ceiling/index.html
Article: CNN — Millions of Americans could face massive consequences unless Speaker Kevin McCarthy can navigate out of a debt trap he has set for President Joe Biden that is instead threatening to capture his House Republicans. The California Republican traveled to Wall Street on Monday to deliver a fresh warning that the House GOP majority will refuse to lift a cap on government borrowing unless Biden agrees to spending cuts that would effectively neutralize his domestic agenda and neuter his White House legacy. McCarthy also assured traders, however, that he would never let the US government default on its obligations – a potential disaster that could halt Social Security payments, trigger a recession and unleash job cuts by the fall in the event that the debt ceiling is not raised. It has no problem getting more credit since the US pays its bills and has always had a stellar credit rating, despite one previous downgrade from the threat of default. McCarthy beseeched his conference in a closed-door meeting on Tuesday to line up behind a bill that would raise the debt limit for a year but require a flurry of spending concessions from Biden. But in a sign of how difficult it will be for the speaker to even pull this gambit off, there were signs of internal disagreement on what should be in the package among GOP members. Tim Burchett told CNN’s Manu Raju, “I’m open to it but I’m still a ‘no’ vote.” It is not unusual for various factions in a congressional majority to haggle over details before a final package is agreed. And we’ll see if the president’s willing to come to the table and negotiate like previous presidents have.” McHenry’s comment, however, reflected a big flaw in the GOP strategy since it relies on McCarthy’s belief that Biden will have no choice but to come to the table. The White House has insisted the House should do its job and pass a simple bill that only raises the borrowing limit In effect, McCarthy has already set up a severe test of his leadership since there’s no guarantee that he can pass the measure in a House where he can only lose four votes and in which there are few signs the fractious GOP can agree on what programs to cut and by how much. And even if the measure does squeeze through the House in the coming weeks, it will likely be an idealized Republican product on which Biden and the Democratic Senate will never bite. We’ll get together and work through it.” His assurances may not be very reassuring, however, because his similarly blithe predictions that he had the votes to win the speakership in January degenerated into a farcical process that saw him make huge concessions to his party’s most radical members and required 15 ballots before he finally won the job of his dreams. “I think the hardest part is just that there are an unlimited number of conservative policy victories that, of course, we all want to see worked in,” Johnson told CNN’s Manu Raju. And so I think our biggest issue right now is how do we squeeze these thousands of desires down to a manageable and credible number of asks?” Another complication is that some members of the Republican conference have said they will never vote to raise the debt ceiling on principle – no matter what. And Democrats have little incentive to help McCarthy out in the event of GOP defections since they’d presumably have to vote for huge cuts that Biden has opposed in any final GOP bill. And the speaker probably couldn’t risk using Democratic votes anyway after agreeing to a rule, as he battled to win his job, that lets any single member call a vote on his ouster. Republicans may have less leverage than they think There is nothing wrong with Republicans seeking to use the leverage they won in a democratic election to try to further their political goals of cutting public spending. Republicans are also facing claims of hypocrisy, since they had little problem raising the debt limit when Donald Trump, who rarely worried about making a big spending splash, was president. The 45th commander in chief is also on videotape dating to his White House days saying he couldn’t believe anyone would use the debt ceiling as a “negotiating wedge.” Republicans notoriously turn into fiscal hawks when Democrats are in office but often look the other way when there is one of their own in the Oval Office. McCarthy needs to reverse the blame equation In order to prevail in this fight, McCarthy has to somehow change the political dynamic by saddling Biden with the blame for any default and the economic tensions that could begin to unfold even before the country plunges over a fiscal cliff. The two men haven’t met for the last 75 days and the White House is sticking to its position that the place for talks is over a budget – which House Republicans are yet to produce – and not with the full faith and credit of the US government on the line and with America’s reputation as a financial haven at stake. “There is one responsible solution to the debt limit: addressing it promptly, without brinksmanship or hostage taking – as Republicans did three times in the last administration and as Presidents Trump and Reagan argued for in office,” spokesman Andrew Bates said. But Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell did at least give his colleague in the House some moral support on Monday when he returned to the Capitol after convalescing after a fall. As Senate Democratic Majority Leader Chuck Schumer of New York put it on Monday: “He went all the way to Wall Street and gave us no more details, no more facts, no new information, and I’ll be blunt: If Speaker McCarthy continues in this direction we are headed to default.”

Link: https://www.cnn.com/2023/04/18/us/kansas-city-ralph-yarl-shooting-tuesday/index.html
Article: CNN — The 84-year-old White man accused of shooting a Black teenager who rang his doorbell in Kansas City turned himself in Tuesday and was later released on bail, authorities said. Andrew Lester, who faces two felony charges – assault in the first degree and armed criminal action – in the April 13 shooting of Ralph Yarl, will be arraigned Wednesday afternoon, according to Yarl family attorney Lee Merritt. The conditions of his $200,000 bond prohibit him from having any type of weapon and cannot have direct or indirect contact with Yarl or his family, according to Clay County Sheriff’s Office spokesperson Sarah Boyd. The criminal charges have brought a bit of comfort to Ralph’s family – but long roads lie ahead, both with Ralph’s recovery and the quest for justice, his aunt Faith Spoonmore told CNN. “It’s a little better that he is – hopefully – going to get part of what of he deserves.” But questions remain over why Lester was initially detained but released a few hours after the April 13 shooting. He was able to go back home that evening.” Lester told police he fired immediately after answering the doorbell when he saw Ralph pulling on an exterior door handle, according to the probable cause document obtained by CNN. But “he’s not out of the woods yet.” The shooting fueled protests in Kansas City and stirred memories of Trayvon Martin and Ahmaud Arbery – young Black males who were shot and killed by men who later claimed self-defense. On the night of the shooting, Lester was taken into custody and was released less than two hours later, two representatives at the Kansas City Police Department detention unit previously told CNN. “Nobody can tell us if the roles were reversed, and you had a Black man shoot a White 16-year-old teenager for merely ringing his doorbell that he would not be arrested. “And the owner of the home shoots through the door, hitting him in the head and then shoots him a second time.” The mayor said he didn’t even know the details of the case until several days after the shooting. “We did have officers, White officers for what it’s worth, who did a lot of hard work to get this case file to the prosecutor having charges filed shortly thereafter,” Lucas said. “That being said, to pretend that race is not a part of this whole situation would be to have your head in the sand.” How the shooting unfolded Before the shooting, Lester was lying down in bed when he heard the doorbell ring and picked up his .32 caliber revolver, he told police, according to a probable cause statement. Susan Pfannmuller/AP Police spoke with Ralph while he was being treated at a hospital, where he told them his mother asked him to pick up his brothers at 1100 NE 115th Street, according to the document, which notes the actual address they were staying at was 1100 NE 115th Terrace. When he arrived at the house on 115th Street, Ralph said he rang the doorbell and waited a while before a man eventually opened the door and immediately shot him in the head, causing him to fall, the document says. The teen “had to run to 3 different homes before someone finally agreed to help him after he was told to lie on the ground with his hands up,” a GoFundMe page started by Ralph’s aunt states. “I’m a mom … this is not OK.” ‘You can’t profile and shoot our children’ Ralph is still traumatized from the ordeal, but the family hopes for a full recovery because Ralph is young and strong, Crump said. What are we supposed to learn from that miracle, is the question we need to answer.” Ralph, a section leader in a marching band who could often be found with an instrument in hand, had been looking forward to graduating from high school and visiting West Africa before starting college, according to the GoFundMe page. “The stand your ground action, under the laws of Missouri, are completely inapplicable to this case, because there has been no conversation, not from the suspect, not from the victim and not from law enforcement, that Ralph Yarl, at 16 years old, ever posed a threat to this shooter,” Merritt said. The conversation also covered their families, their love of music and Ralph’s dream of pursuing a chemical engineering degree at Texas A&M University – to which Biden “lightheartedly attempted to convince him that (the president’s alma mater) University of Delaware was a much better option,” the official said.

Link: https://www.cnn.com/videos/us/2023/04/18/jeremy-renner-snowplow-accident-bodycam-nc-melas-contd-vpx.cnn
Article: Video player was slow to load content Video content never loaded Ad froze or did not finish loading Video content did not start after ad Audio on ad was too loud Other issues

Link: https://www.cnn.com/2023/04/18/entertainment/jake-gyllenhaal-jamie-lee-curtis-pandemic-living/index.html
Article: The two stars are talking about the time they spent together during the Covid-19 pandemic, telling People that the actor, who is Lee’s godson, and his girlfriend Jeanne Cadieu, lived in the house next door that Curtis owns. “We’ve just gotten to know each other,” Lee said while at the premiere of Gyllenhaal’s new thriller “The Covenant.” “He also lived with me during Covid for almost a year. For a minute.” Lee revealed that Gyllenhaal, like a lot of people, turned to bread baking during the time, and would act and sing and do handstands for the small group. And he did that test where you do a handstand against the wall and take your shirt off and put it back on.” Gyllenhaal added the bread baking has stuck.

Link: https://www.cnn.com/2023/04/18/politics/white-house-toddler/index.html
Article: Video player was slow to load content Video content never loaded Ad froze or did not finish loading Video content did not start after ad Audio on ad was too loud Other issues

Link: https://www.cnn.com/2023/04/17/entertainment/jamie-foxx-remains-hospitalized/index.html
Article: CNN — Jamie Foxx remains hospitalized in Georgia nearly a week after his daughter revealed the actor experienced a “medical complication,” a source with knowledge of the matter told CNN on Monday. She added in her post that due to “quick action and great care,” her father is “on his way to recovery.” CNN reported Friday that Foxx was hospitalized and undergoing medical tests.

Link: https://www.cnn.com/2023/04/18/us/benadryl-tiktok-challenge-teen-death-wellness/index.html
Article: CNN — A 13-year-old in Ohio has died after “he took a bunch of Benadryl,” trying a dangerous TikTok challenge that’s circulating online, according to a CNN affiliate and a GoFundMe account from his family. Overdosing on Benadryl can result in “serious heart problems, seizures, coma, or even death,” the US Food and Drug Administration said in a 2020 warning to the public about the deadly “Benadryl Challenge” on TikTok. 17 minutes in, this is what we saw CNN Business 07:18 Jacob’s grandmother is doing anything she can “to make sure another child doesn’t go through” with the challenge, she told CNN affiliate WSYX. Our team of 40,000 safety professionals works to remove violations of our Community Guidelines and we encourage our community to report any content or accounts they’re concerned about.” The maker of Benadryl, Johnson & Johnson, has called the challenge “dangerous.” “We understand that consumers may have heard about an online ‘challenge’ involving the misuse or abuse of diphenhydramine,” the undated online statement reads. BENADRYL® products and other diphenhydramine products should only be used as directed by the label.” “We are working with TikTok and other social platforms to remove content that showcases this behavior,” the statement added. “We will look to partner across industry and with key stakeholders to address this dangerous behavior.” CNN has reached out to the Stevens family and Columbus Public Health for comment. The FDA’s 2020 warning said the agency had “contacted TikTok and strongly urged them to remove the videos from their platform and to be vigilant to remove additional videos that may be posted.” Benadryl is an antihistamine used to treat symptoms such as a runny nose or sneezing from upper respiratory allergies, hay fever or the common cold.

Link: https://www.cnn.com/videos/us/2023/04/18/pizza-guy-trips-perp-moos-cprog-orig-bdk.cnn
Article: Video player was slow to load content Video content never loaded Ad froze or did not finish loading Video content did not start after ad Audio on ad was too loud Other issues

Link: https://www.cnn.com/2023/04/18/media/netflix-dvd-red-envelopes/index.html
Article: Video player was slow to load content Video content never loaded Ad froze or did not finish loading Video content did not start after ad Audio on ad was too loud Other issues

Link: https://www.cnn.com/2023/04/18/tech/lina-khan-ai-warning/index.html
Article: Washington CNN — Artificial intelligence tools such as ChatGPT could lead to a “turbocharging” of consumer harms including fraud and scams, and the US government has substantial authority to crack down on AI-driven consumer harms under existing law, members of the Federal Trade Commission said Tuesday. Addressing House lawmakers, FTC chair Lina Khan said the “turbocharging of fraud and scams that could be enabled by these tools are a serious concern.” In recent months, a new crop of AI tools have gained attention for their ability to generate convincing emails, stories and essays as well as images, audio and videos. Even as policymakers across the federal government debate how to promote specific AI rules, citing concerns about possible algorithmic discrimination and privacy issues, companies could still face FTC investigations today under a range of statutes that have been on the books for years, Khan and her fellow commissioners said. “Our obligation is to do what we’ve always done, which is to apply the tools we have to these changing technologies … [and] not be scared off by this idea that this is a new, revolutionary technology.” FTC Commissioner Alvaro Bedoya said companies cannot escape liability simply by claiming that their algorithms are a black box. “There is law, and companies will need to abide by it.” The FTC has previously issued extensive public guidance to AI companies, and the agency last month received a request to investigate OpenAI over claims that the company behind ChatGPT has misled consumers about the tool’s capabilities and limitations.

Link: https://www.cnn.com/2023/04/17/health/rise-type-2-diabetes-global-wellness/index.html
Article: CNN — Gobbling up too many refined wheat and rice products, along with eating too few whole grains, is fueling the growth of new cases of type 2 diabetes worldwide, according to a new study that models data through 2018. Those three factors — eating too few whole grains and too many processed grains and meats — were the primary drivers of over 14 million new cases of type 2 diabetes in 2018, according to the study, which was published Monday in the journal Nature Medicine. djgunner/E+/Getty Images “These new findings reveal critical areas for national and global focus to improve nutrition and reduce devastating burdens of diabetes,” said Mozaffarian, who is also the editor in chief of the Tufts Health & Nutrition Letter. Researchers found eating too many unhealthy foods was more of a driver of type 2 diabetes on a global level than a lack of eating wholesome foods, especially for men compared with women, younger compared to older adults, and in urban versus rural residents. Over 60% of the total global diet-attributable cases of the disease were due to excess intake of just six harmful dietary habits: eating too much refined rice, wheat and potatoes; too many processed and unprocessed red meats; and drinking too many sugar-sweetened beverages and fruit juice. People in Poland and Russia, where diets tend to focus on potatoes and red and processed meat, and other countries in Eastern and Central Europe as well as Central Asia, had the highest percentage of new type 2 diabetes cases linked to diet. Colombia, Mexico and other countries in Latin America and the Caribbean also had high numbers of new cases, which researchers said could be due to a reliance on sugary drinks and processed meat, as well as a low intake of whole grains.

Link: https://www.cnn.com/2023/04/18/health/teen-misuse-adhd-meds-wellness/index.html
Article: CNN — At some middle and high schools in the United States, 1 in 4 teens report they’ve abused prescription stimulants for attention deficit hyperactivity disorder during the year prior, a new study found. “This is the first national study to look at the nonmedical use of prescription stimulants by students in middle and high school, and we found a tremendous, wide range of misuse,” said lead author Sean Esteban McCabe, director of the Center for the Study of Drugs, Alcohol, Smoking and Health at the University of Michigan in Ann Arbor. “In some schools there was little to no misuse of stimulants, while in other schools more than 25% of students had used stimulants in nonmedical ways,” said McCabe, who is also a professor of nursing at the University of Michigan School of Nursing. “This study is a major wake-up call.” Nonmedical uses of stimulants can include taking more than a normal dose to get high, or taking the medication with alcohol or other drugs to boost a high, prior studies have found. Wide range of abuse Published Tuesday in the journal JAMA Network Open, the study analyzed data collected between 2005 and 2020 by Monitoring the Future, a federal survey that has measured drug and alcohol use among secondary school students nationwide each year since 1975. In the data set used for this study, questionnaires were given to more than 230,000 teens in eighth, 10th and 12th grades in a nationally representative sample of 3,284 secondary schools. Schools in the suburbs in all regions of the United States except the Northeast had higher rates of teen misuse of ADHD medications, as did schools where typically one or more parent had a college degree, according to the study. On an individual level, students who said they had used marijuana in the past 30 days were four times as likely to abuse ADHD medications than teens who did not use weed, according to the analysis. In addition, adolescents who said they used ADHD medications currently or in the past were about 2.5% more likely to have misused the stimulants when compared with peers who had never used stimulants, the study found. Dangers of misuse The stakes are high: Taking stimulant medications improperly over time can result in stimulant use disorder, which can lead to anxiety, depression, psychosis and seizures, experts say. Side effects can include “paranoia, dangerously high body temperatures, and an irregular heartbeat, especially if stimulants are taken in large doses or in ways other than swallowing a pill,” according to the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration. Abuse of stimulant drugs has grown over the past two decades, experts say, as more adolescents are diagnosed and prescribed those medications — studies have shown 1 in every 9 high school seniors report taking stimulant therapy for ADHD, McCabe said. “Those adolescents diagnosed and treated correctly and monitored do very well — they have a lower risk of new mental health problems or new substance use disorders.” What parents and caregivers can do The solution to the problem of stimulant misuse among middle and high school teens isn’t to limit use of the medications for the children who really need them, McCabe stressed. And ask about prevalence of misuse — that data is available for every school.” Families can also help by talking to their children about how to handle peers who approach them wanting a pill or two to party or pull an all-night study session, he added. “Parents can role-play with their kids to give them options on what to say so they are ready when it happens.” Parents and guardians should always store controlled medications in a lockbox, and should not be afraid to count pills and stay on top of early refills, he added.

Link: https://www.cnn.com/videos/tech/2023/04/18/apple-store-mumbai-india-ceo-tim-cook-vedika-sud-ovn-biz-ldn-vpx.cnn
Article: Video player was slow to load content Video content never loaded Ad froze or did not finish loading Video content did not start after ad Audio on ad was too loud Other issues

Link: https://www.cnn.com/2023/04/18/politics/clarence-thomas-ethics-democrats/index.html
Article: CNN — Senate Democrats railed against Justice Clarence Thomas on Tuesday amid reports that the Supreme Court conservative failed to disclose luxury travel, gifts and a real estate transaction involving a GOP megadonor, but their plan to investigate the conservative jurist remains unclear. Senate Judiciary Chairman Dick Durbin has promised that his committee will hold a hearing on the alleged ethics violations in the coming weeks, but shared no details when pressed by CNN on whether lawmakers will seek testimony from Thomas or others who might have knowledge about his relationship with the donor, Texas-based billionaire Harlan Crow. Richard Blumenthal, a Connecticut Democrat who sits on the Judiciary Committee, told reporters Tuesday that “the American people deserve all of the facts surrounding Justice Thomas’s blatant violation of law.” “I hope that [Thomas] will voluntarily appear, and if not, we should consider subpoenas for him and others, like Harlan Crow, who have information,” Blumenthal said. Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell attacked Democrats for criticizing the court, and said he has confidence in Roberts “to deal with these court internal issues.” “The Democrats, it seems to me, spent a lot of time criticizing individual members of the court and going after the court as an institution,” McConnell told reporters Tuesday. Bringing more transparency to the high court has had some bipartisan support in the past, but the court’s jerk to the right – particularly with the three justices that former President Donald Trump put on the bench – has raised the partisan stakes around the issue. Even as Senate Democrats have yet to settle on a plan for their own response to the Thomas allegations, they sought to highlight the issue and framed it within their broader push for a code-of-ethics for the Supreme Court, which is excluded from many of the ethics rules that apply to lower rungs of the federal judiciary. “It should go without saying that judges at all levels should be held to strict and enforceable ethical standards.” Durbin said in a speech that Congress shouldn’t have to wait for the court to act. “The Supreme Court doesn’t need to wait on Congress to clean up its act; the justices could take action today if they wanted to, and if the court fails to act, Congress must,” Durbin, an Illinois Democrat, said on the Senate floor Tuesday. Back-to back-reports in ProPublica this month detailed how luxury travel and gifts to Thomas from Crow – and even a real estate transaction – went unreported in Thomas’ annual financial disclosures. Thomas has said that the travel and gifts to him and his family that were financed by the Crows went unreported because he had been advised that he was not required to do so, under an exemption in the court’s disclosure rules for so-called “personal hospitality.” After scrutiny of those rules by lawmakers, the Judicial Conference – which operates as the policy-making body for the federal judiciary – recently closed a loophole in those rules that appears to have covered some of the hospitality Thomas received. Thomas said that he intended to follow that updated guidance in the future, and a source close to the justice also told CNN in recent days that he planned to amend his disclosure form to report the real estate transaction, the sale of his mother’s home to Crow. Republicans defend Thomas and say SCOTUS can address ethics internally Other Republicans lined up in defense of the justice – who was named to the Supreme Court by President George H.W. Josh Hawley, a Republican member of the Judiciary Committee, suggested that the accusations against Thomas were part of a “multi-decade effort now to target Clarence Thomas by these liberal activist groups.” This is not the first time Thomas has been at the center of an ethics controversy. Last year, CNN reported that his wife Ginni Thomas, a conservative activist, was texting with Trump White House chief of staff Mark Meadows about the former president’s efforts overturn his 2020 election defeat, and her political lobbying has long raised questions about when justices are obligated to recuse themselves from cases. John Thune, the GOP’s Senate Whip, who said Thomas had been a “solid justice on the court through the years and has acquitted himself well there.” “Let’s see what the court does,” South Carolina Sen.

Link: https://www.cnn.com/europe/live-news/russia-ukraine-war-news-04-18-23/index.html
Article: The US has sensitive nuclear technology at a nuclear power plant inside Ukraine, and is warning Russia not to touch it, according to a letter the US Department of Energy sent to Russia’s state-owned nuclear energy firm Rosatom last month. In the letter, which was reviewed by CNN and is dated March 17, 2023, the director of the Energy Department’s Office of Nonproliferation Policy, Andrea Ferkile, tells Rosatom’s director general that the Zaporizhzhia Nuclear Power Plant in Enerhodar, Ukraine “contains US-origin nuclear technical data that is export-controlled by the United States Government.” Goods, software and technology are subject to US export controls when it is possible for them to be used in a way that undermines US national security interests. The Energy Department letter comes as Russian forces continue to control the plant, which is the largest nuclear power station in Europe and sits in a part of the Zaporizhzhia region that Russia occupied after its invasion of Ukraine last February. “It is unlawful under United States law for non-authorized persons, including, but not limited to, Russian citizens and Russian entities,” the letter says, “such as Rosatom and its subsidiaries, to knowingly and willfully access, possess, control, export, store, seize, review, re-export, ship, transfer, copy, manipulate such technology or technical data, or direct, or authorize others to do the same, without such Russian entities becoming authorized recipients by the Secretary of the US Department of Energy.” It is not clear whether Rosatom has responded to the letter. “The Department of Energy’s National Nuclear Security Administration can confirm that the letter is legitimate,” said Shayela Hassan, the deputy director of public affairs for the National Nuclear Security Administration. DOE does not comment on regulatory activities.” Another letter from Ferkile to the Energy Department’s Inspector General, reviewed by CNN and dated October 24, 2022, outlines the technology the US has exported to Ukraine for use in the Zaporizhzhia plant and reiterates that the department has “no record of any current authorization to transfer this technology and technical data to any Russian national or entity.” The Energy Department’s Office of Nuclear Energy has been public about the US’ support for the plant, and stated on its website in June 2021 that “the United States helped implement new maintenance procedures and operations at the reactor that should ultimately strengthen energy security” in Ukraine.

Link: https://www.cnn.com/2023/04/17/europe/wagner-commanders-russia-kill-children-intl-hnk/index.html
Article: CNN — Two Russian men who claim to be former Wagner Group commanders have told a human rights activist that they killed children and civilians during their time in Ukraine. In the video interviews posted online, former Russian convicts Azamat Uldarov and Alexey Savichev – who were both pardoned by Russian presidential decrees last year, according to Gulagu.net – described their actions in Ukraine, during Russia’s invasion. CNN cannot independently verify their claims or identities in the videos but has obtained Russian penal documents showing they were released on presidential pardon in September and August of 2022. Uldarov said in the eastern Ukrainian cities of Soledar and Bakhmut – which have seen some of the fiercest fighting – Wagner mercenaries “were given the command to annihilate everyone.” “There is a superior over all the commanders – it’s Prigozhin, who told us not to let anyone get out of there and annihilate everyone,” he added. At one point in the interview, Savichev described how they “got the order to execute any men who were 15 years or older.” He also talked about getting orders to ‘sweep’ a house. “I can say the following: if at least one of these accusations against me is confirmed, I am ready to be held accountable according to any laws.” But Prigozhin said that “if none is confirmed, I will send a list of 30-40 people who are spitting at me like Osechkin (there is a whole list of them, including the scum that fled Russia) that the Prosecutor General’s Office of Ukraine is obligated to hand over to me for a ‘fair trial,’ so to speak.” “They will not be “civilians” for us, and especially not children, whom we have never touched and do not touch. These people (spreading the lies) are our enemies, and we will deal with them in a special way.” Earlier, Prigozhin said on Telegram: “Regarding the execution of children, of course, no one ever shoots civilians or children, absolutely no one needs this. We came there to save them from the regime they were under.” Andriy Yermak, head of the Ukrainian president’s office, said in a tweet Monday that the group must be held accountable. In February, CNN spoke to two former Wagner fighters who described how recruited Wagner convicts are pushed to the front lines in a human wave, reminiscent of World War I charges. The US Department of State concurrently announced a number of sanctions meant to “target a range of Wagner’s key infrastructure – including an aviation firm used by Wagner, a Wagner propaganda organization, and Wagner front companies,” according to US Secretary of State Antony Blinken.

Link: https://www.cnn.com/videos/business/2023/04/18/desantis-disney-competition-panel-reax-pt-vpx.cnn
Article: Video player was slow to load content Video content never loaded Ad froze or did not finish loading Video content did not start after ad Audio on ad was too loud Other issues

Link: https://www.cnn.com/2023/04/18/politics/schumer-senate-feinstein-vote-cardin/index.html
Article: Senate Republicans, however, have made clear that they have been prepared to block Democratic efforts to replace Feinstein on the committee, ratcheting up pressure on the 89-year-old California Democrat to resign or return quickly. Democrats could still force a vote to replace the Feinstein, but that would require the support of 10 Republicans and it’s unlikely they would use a lot of valuable floor time for something with little chance of success. Feinstein, who has already announced she’s not seeking reelection, initially said she expected to return to Washington “by the end of the March work period,” but that her return got “delayed due to continued complications related to my diagnosis.” She recently said she plans to return “as soon as possible once my medical team advises that it’s safe for me to travel.” Cardin told CNN Tuesday he had discussed with Schumer being the temporary replacement on the committee but that he had not discussed the decision with Feinstein. The Maryland Democrat said he and Feinstein have not spoken since she’s been out of the Senate and that it is his understanding that this is only a temporary move until she returns. Democrats would need 60 votes to replace Feinstein on the panel, but senior Republicans in leadership and on the committee made clear Monday that they would not give them the votes to do that. If Democrats are unable to replace Feinstein or if she does not return to Washington soon, they could see key agenda items thwarted – both on the committee and on the Senate floor. Asked if the California Democrat should consider resigning if she can’t return by May, Schumer responded that he’s “hopeful” she will return “very soon.” “Look, I spoke to Senator Feinstein just a few days ago and she and I are both very hopeful that she will return very soon,” Schumer said at his weekly policy press conference in the US Capitol. Feinstein announced in February that she would not run for reelection, and a number of Democrats have already launched campaigns for her seat in 2024 in what is shaping up to be a competitive primary. But Feinstein has faced calls to resign from two House Democrats – and if Democrats are not able to replace her on the committee, that number could start to grow. But Durbin has stopped short of calling on Feinstein to resign, saying he hopes that Republicans will help to temporarily replace her on the committee and recognize that “the rain can fall on both sides of the road.” Asked if her absence has longer ramifications for the Democrats’ ability to confirm nominees, the Illinois Democrat said, “Yes, of course it does,” pointing to the long process of getting nominees scheduled for votes during precious floor time. But this effort to confirm controversial and in many instances largely unqualified nominees, I don’t think you can expect any Republican cooperation.” This story has been updated with additional information.

Link: https://www.cnn.com/2023/04/18/us/mccurtain-county-oklahoma-officials-recording/index.html
Article: CNN — The governor of Oklahoma is calling on four McCurtain County officials to resign after they allegedly participated in a secretly recorded conversation that included racist remarks about lynching Black people and talking about killing journalists. The recording was made hours after Gazette-News reporter Chris Willingham filed a lawsuit against the sheriff’s office, Manning and the Board of County Commissioners, alleging they had defamed him and violated his civil rights, the newspaper reported. In the recording, Manning spoke of needing to go near the newspaper’s office and expressed concern about what would happen if she ran into Willingham, the Oklahoman reported, citing additional reporting from the Gazette-News. My papaw would have whipped his a**, would have wiped him and used him for toilet paper … if my daddy hadn’t been run over by a vehicle, he would have been down there.” Jennings replied that his father was once upset by something the newspaper published and “started to go down there and just kill him,” according to the Gazette-News. “For nearly a year, they have suffered intimidation, ridicule and harassment based solely on their efforts to report the news for McCurtain County,” Kilpatrick Townsend, the law firm representing the Willingham family, told CNN in a statement. The McCurtain County Sheriff’s Office said in a statement Monday that there is an “ongoing investigation into multiple significant violations” of the Oklahoma Security of Communications Act, which makes it “illegal to secretly record a conversation in which you are not involved and do not have the consent of at least one of the involved parties.” It also said the recording has yet to be “duly authenticated or validated.” “Our preliminary information indicates that the media released audio recording has, in fact, been altered.

Link: https://www.cnn.com/videos/politics/2023/04/18/kevin-mccarthy-wall-street-speech-debt-ceiling-biden-economy-vpx.cnn
Article: Video player was slow to load content Video content never loaded Ad froze or did not finish loading Video content did not start after ad Audio on ad was too loud Other issues

Link: https://www.cnn.com/2023/04/18/politics/us-warns-russia-zaporizhzhia-nuclear-plant/index.html
Article: CNN — The US has sensitive nuclear technology at a nuclear power plant inside Ukraine and is warning Russia not to touch it, according to a letter the US Department of Energy sent to Russia’s state-owned nuclear energy firm Rosatom last month. In the letter, which was reviewed by CNN and is dated March 17, 2023, the director of the Energy Department’s Office of Nonproliferation Policy, Andrea Ferkile, tells Rosatom’s director general that the Zaporizhzhia Nuclear Power Plant in Enerhodar “contains US-origin nuclear technical data that is export-controlled by the United States Government.” Goods, software and technology are subject to US export controls when it is possible for them to be used in a way that undermines US national security interests. The Energy Department letter comes as Russian forces continue to control the plant, which is the largest nuclear power station in Europe and sits in a part of the Zaporizhzhia region that Russia occupied after its invasion of Ukraine last February. Video Ad Feedback Satellite images show changes Russia are making to occupied nuclear plant 03:36 • Source: CNN Satellite images show changes Russia are making to occupied nuclear plant 03:36 “It is unlawful under United States law for non-authorized persons, including, but not limited to, Russian citizens and Russian entities,” the letter says, “such as Rosatom and its subsidiaries, to knowingly and willfully access, possess, control, export, store, seize, review, re-export, ship, transfer, copy, manipulate such technology or technical data, or direct, or authorize others to do the same, without such Russian entities becoming authorized recipients by the Secretary of the US Department of Energy.” It is not clear whether Rosatom has responded to the letter. “The Department of Energy’s National Nuclear Security Administration can confirm that the letter is legitimate,” said Shayela Hassan, the deputy director of public affairs for the National Nuclear Security Administration. DOE does not comment on regulatory activities.” Another letter from Ferkile to the Energy Department’s Inspector General, reviewed by CNN and dated October 24, 2022, outlines the technology the US has exported to Ukraine for use in the Zaporizhzhia plant and reiterates that the department has “no record of any current authorization to transfer this technology and technical data to any Russian national or entity.” The Energy Department’s Office of Nuclear Energy has been public about the US’ support for the plant, and stated on its website in June 2021 that “the United States helped implement new maintenance procedures and operations at the reactor that should ultimately strengthen energy security” in Ukraine.

Link: https://www.cnn.com/videos/world/2023/04/18/india-ex-lawmaker-atiq-ahmed-assassination-sud-pkg-contd-ovn-intl-hnk-vpx.cnn
Article: Video player was slow to load content Video content never loaded Ad froze or did not finish loading Video content did not start after ad Audio on ad was too loud Other issues

Link: https://www.cnn.com/2023/04/18/health/fda-bivalent-booster-additional-doses/index.html
Article: Food and Drug Administration amended the terms of its emergency use authorizations for the Pfizer and Moderna bivalent vaccines on Tuesday, allowing people ages 65 and older and certain people with weakened immunity to get additional doses before this fall’s vaccination campaigns. Peter Hotez, who co-directs the Center for Vaccine Development at Texas Children’s Hospital, has been calling on the FDA to increase access to the bivalent boosters for those who want them. population 5 years of age and older has antibodies to SARS-CoV-2, the virus that causes COVID-19, either from vaccination or infection that can serve as a foundation for the protection provided by the bivalent vaccines. Children ages 6 months through 5 years who have not yet been vaccinated may now receive a two-dose series of the Moderna bivalent vaccine as their primary series, or a three-dose series of the Pfizer-BioNTech bivalent vaccine if they are 6 months through 4 years of age. Children ages 6 months through 5 years who got started on their monovalent vaccines, can now get a dose of a bivalent vaccine, but the number of doses they qualify for will depend on the number of doses they’ve already had and what kind of vaccine they got. The United States Center for Disease Control and Prevention has reported early data showing that the effectiveness of the bivalent vaccines, even against emergency room visits and hospitalizations, has already started to wane. For everyone not covered by today’s changes, the FDA says it intends to make decisions about future vaccinations after receiving recommendations on the fall strain composition from its advisory committee in June.

Link: https://www.cnn.com/2023/04/18/us/maine-shooting-bowdoin-yarmouth/index.html
Article: CNN — A 34-year-old man was arrested Tuesday evening in connection with the killings of four people who were found dead earlier in the day at a Bowdoin, Maine, home, authorities said. Janet Mills said, “Like people across Maine, I am shocked and deeply saddened – acts of violence like we experienced today shake our state and our communities to the core.” Vehicles ‘hit by straight gunfire’ Maine State Police responded Tuesday morning to the Bowdoin home, where they found the four deceased victims inside, state police Lt. “We’ve got vehicles that have been hit by straight gunfire all across that we’re getting reports on, so if anybody has holes in their vehicles, please contact us so that we can follow up with that,” Keaten said. “A lot happened this morning between those two scenes and those are the people that we want to talk to, those people that were impacted by this,” Keaten said, adding authorities were continuing to work on several impacted scenes and gather more information.

Link: https://www.cnn.com/travel/article/southwest-airlines-flight-delays/index.html
Article: Southwest says its workers “worked quickly to minimize disruptions.” Southwest reported technology issues Tuesday morning and said it would “hopefully be resuming our operation as soon as possible.” The FAA in a statement told CNN that Southwest “requested the FAA pause the airline’s departures.” The problems come months after the airline was forced to cancel more than 16,700 flights between December 20 and 29, roughly half its schedule during that period. A massive winter storm started the service problems during the holiday season, but Southwest had a much tougher time recovering because of an antiquated crew scheduling system that was quickly overwhelmed, leaving the airline unable to get the staffing it needed to locations to operate flights. Part of what created worse problems at Southwest than at other airlines is that crew members had to call in to the airline, rather than notify it electronically, to let them it of their availability.

Link: https://www.cnn.com/2023/04/18/sport/damar-hamlin-cleared-to-train-nfl-spt-intl/index.html
Article: CNN — Buffalo Bills safety Damar Hamlin, who has been cleared to resume football activities, said Tuesday his cardiac arrest during an NFL game in January was caused by commotio cordis. Hamlin went into cardiac arrest after making a tackle and appearing to be hit with a helmet in his chest during the first quarter of the Bills’ game against the Cincinnati Bengals on January 2. That right there is the biggest blessing of it all – for me to still have my people and my people to still have me.” The 25-year-old has been at the Bills’ practice facility in Orchard Park, New York, participating in voluntary offseason workouts this week, according to the team. “He’s here.” Hamlin said he was blessed to have a wonderful medical staff who “treat me with the care of their children.” The safety said his heart is still in the game and he was announcing his comeback to the NFL. I want to stand for that.” Beane said that Hamlin had seen three separate specialists over the offseason, who all agreed that the player “is clear to resume full activities just like anyone else who was coming back from an injury.” “(Hamlin’s) in a great headspace to come back and make his return,” Beane added. “We’ll provide all of the mental help we can from a mind, body and spirit standpoint so just happy for him that he’s been able to check some of those boxes to this point and we’re moving forward taking it one day at a time.” According to the American Heart Association and the American College of Cardiology, if no underlying cardiac abnormalities are discovered through testing, athletes who have been resuscitated from commotio cordis may return to playing. He has no underlying problems with the anatomy of the heart itself, and he has no underlying electrical problems, so that’s the most important thing – and the way they figured that out over the last three-and-a-half months was to do a lot of tests,” CNN Chief Medical Correspondent Dr.

Link: https://www.cnn.com/videos/travel/2023/03/17/pilot-lands-on-dubai-helipad-cprog-orig-aw-ao.cnn
Article: Video player was slow to load content Video content never loaded Ad froze or did not finish loading Video content did not start after ad Audio on ad was too loud Other issues

Link: https://www.cnn.com/2023/04/18/politics/gilday-defends-non-binary-sailor/index.html
Article: CNN — The top US Navy admiral ardently defended a non-binary sailor on Tuesday amid some criticism from Republican lawmakers, saying he is “particularly proud of this sailor.” The sailor, LTJG Audrey Knutson, had their story shared on the Navy’s Instagram page last week. Marco Rubio, a Republican from Florida, tweeted a portion of the clip with the caption, “While China prepares for war, this is what they have our US Navy focused on.” On Tuesday, Sen. Tommy Tuberville, a Republican from Alabama, continued attacking the video, telling the Senate Armed Services Committee he had “a lot of problems with the video.” But Chief of Naval Operations Adm. “So, her grandfather served during World War II, and he was gay and he was ostracized in the very institution that she not only joined and is proud to be a part of, but she volunteered to deploy on Ford and she’ll likely deploy again next month when Ford goes back to sea.” Gilday used female pronouns to refer to Knutson but the Navy told CNN Knutson’s pronouns of choice are non-binary. “We ask people from all over the country, from all walks of life, from all different backgrounds to join us,” Gilday said, “and then it’s the job of a commanding officer to build a cohesive warfighting team that’s going to follow the law, and the law requires that we be able to conduct prompt, sustained operations at sea. That level of trust that a commanding officer develops across that unit has to be able to be grounded on dignity and respect, and so … if that officer can lawfully join the United States Navy, is willing to serve and willing to take the same oath that you and I took to put their life on the line, then I’m proud to serve beside them.” Some Republican lawmakers on Capitol Hill have attacked the military for being too “woke,” claiming it has been one of the causes of the military’s poor recruiting numbers, despite a recent Army survey showing only 5% of potential recruits were concerned about “wokeness.” Last month, Republican Rep. Mills said, “We absolutely 150% can out-pronoun every single one of our adversaries, and China and Russia I’m sure are quaking in their boots over this.” In response, Under Secretary of Defense for Personnel and Readiness Gil Cisneros said diversity and equal opportunity training have been a part of the military for decades.

Link: https://www.cnn.com/2023/04/18/politics/fulton-county-trump-fake-electors/index.html
Article: CNN — The Fulton County District Attorney’s office said some fake electors for Donald Trump have implicated each other in potential criminal activity and is seeking to disqualify their lawyer, according to a new court filing. The district attorney’s office is requesting that attorney Kimberly Bourroughs Debrow be disqualified from representing a group of 10 Republicans who served as electors for the former president in Georgia – a state Trump lost to President Joe Biden. The new filing offers the latest indication that immunity offers could still be in the works months after Fulton County District Attorney Fani Willis suggested charging decisions were “imminent.” It notes that investigators interviewed some of the fake GOP electors this month and there is jockeying behind the scenes ahead of the announcement on who, if anyone, will face charges in the long-running probe into efforts by Trump and his allies to overturn the 2020 election in Georgia. “None of my clients have committed any crimes, and they necessarily have not implicated themselves or each other in any crimes.” No one has been charged yet in the Georgia case, though several people – including the 16 fake electors and former Trump attorney Rudy Giuliani – were informed they were potential targets of Willis’s probe.

Link: https://www.cnn.com/travel/article/high-speed-rail-us/index.html
Article: For the richest and most economically successful nation on the planet, with an increasingly urbanized population of more than 300 million, it’s a position that is becoming more difficult to justify. Although Japan started the trend with its Shinkansen “Bullet Trains” in 1964, it was the advent of France’s TGV in the early 1980s that really kick-started a global high-speed train revolution that continues to gather pace. Cars and airliners have dominated long-distance travel in the United States since the 1950s, rapidly usurping a network of luxurious passenger trains with evocative names such as “The Empire Builder,” “Super Chief” and “Silver Comet.” Deserted by Hollywood movie stars and business travelers, famous railroads such as the New York Central were largely bankrupt by the early 1970s, handing over their loss-making trains to Amtrak, the national passenger train operator founded in 1971. Add to this the success of the privately funded Brightline operation in Florida, which has been given the green light to build a $10 billion high-speed rail link between Los Angeles and Las Vegas by 2027, plus schemes in California, Texas and the proposed Cascadia route linking Portland, Oregon, with Seattle and Vancouver, and the United States at last appears to be on the cusp of a passenger rail revolution. David Boe/AP “Every president since Ronald Reagan has talked about the pressing need to improve infrastructure across the USA, but they’ve always had other, bigger priorities to deal with,” says Scott Sherin, chief commercial officer of train builder Alstom’s US division. It’s time to focus on passenger rail.” Sherin points out that other public services such as highways and airports are “massively subsidized,” so there shouldn’t be an issue with doing the same for rail. Scott Sherin, CCO of Alstom's US division “We need to do a better job of articulating the benefits of high-speed rail – high-quality jobs, economic stimulus, better connectivity than airlines – and that will help us to build bipartisan support,” he adds. “High-speed rail is not the solution for everything, but it has its place.” Only Amtrak’s Northeast Corridor has trains that can travel at speeds approaching those of the 300 kilometers per hour (186 mph) TGV and Shinkansen. I calculate that there has been a total public/private investment of more than $269 million in our city since 2016, including a new hotel, a state-of-the-art hospital and housing developments. “It is a transformative economic development project that is basically unheard of in rural America and if it can happen here, it can happen throughout the United States.” Alstom has spent almost $600 million on building a US supply chain for its high-speed trains – more than 80% of the train is made in the United States, with 170 suppliers across 27 states. Incoming high-speed lines In March, Brightline confirmed plans to begin construction on a 218-mile (351-kilometer) high-speed line between Rancho Cucamonga, near Los Angeles, and Las Vegas, carving a path through the San Bernardino Mountains and across the desert, following the Interstate 15 corridor. The 200 mph line will slash times to little more than one hour – a massive advantage over the four-hour average by car or five to seven hours by bus – when it opens in 2027. Mike Reininger, CEO of Brightline Holdings, says: “As the most shovel-ready high-speed rail project in the United States, we are one step closer to leveling the playing field against transit and infrastructure projects around the world, and we are proud to be using America’s most skilled workers to get there.” Brightline West expects to inject around $10 billion worth of benefits into the region’s economy, creating about 35,000 construction jobs, as well as 1,000 permanent jobs in maintenance, operations and customer service in Southern California and Nevada. Coupled with proposed upgrades to commuter rail lines at either end, this project could eventually allow high-speed trains to run the 350 miles (560 kilometers) between Los Angeles to San Francisco metropolitan areas in just two hours and 40 minutes. Costing $63 billion to $98 billion, depending on the final extent of the scheme, CHSR is to connect six of the 10 largest cities in the state and provide the same capacity as 4,200 miles of new highway lanes, 91 additional airport gates and two new airport runways costing between $122 billion and $199 billion. With California’s population expected to grow to more than 45 million by 2050, high-speed rail offers the best value solution to keep the state from grinding to a smoggy halt. “The magic numbers are centers of population with around three million people that are 200 to 500 miles apart, giving a trip time of less than three hours – preferably two hours. “When the first generation Acela trains started running between New York City and Washington in 2000, Amtrak attracted so many travelers that the airlines stopped running their frequent ‘shuttles’ between the two cities,” he adds. “A lack of political support and federal financial support combined with the kind of fierce landowner opposition that CHSR has faced in California means that the challenges for new high-speed projects are enormous.” According to the International Energy Agency (IEA), urban and high-speed rail hold “major promise to unlock substantial benefits” in reducing global transport emissions. Rail networks in South Korea, Japan, Europe, China and Russia are more than 60% electrified, according to IEA figures, the highest share of track electrification being South Korea at around 85%. The enormous size of the United States and its widely dispersed population mitigates against the creation of a single, unified network of the type being built in China and proposed for Europe.

Link: https://www.cnn.com/audio/podcasts/the-assignment/episodes/42a2f0e2-066a-4675-82ff-afe2016a0bb5
Article: After the shooting at Covenant School in Nashville, Tennessee, Ketch wrote an Op-ed in The New York Times calling for country music stars to let go of the fear of retaliation from their fanbase, and to break their silence on the gun debate. Audie talks with Ketch about what it’s like to be a musician and a parent in Nashville right now and what he thinks country musicians can do to help prevent another mass shooting. So when First Lady Jill Biden visited the city to attend a vigil for the shooting victims of the Covenant School, it was an absolute given that a country music artist would be there. When a country singer gets off the road, chances are at 8:00 in the morning on Monday after the big weekend, that guy or gal is in line dropping their kid off at a school in Nashville, Tennessee. Audie Cornish 00:03:14 So getting an emoji like that or getting the obligatory "are you okay" that we all start to send each other now when there's a shooting, especially at a school, you're saying it it hits you in a place of what? Audie Cornish 00:06:59 I guess I want to start maybe with Wagon Wheel, because if people go to look you up, that might be the first song they learn about. I wrote it when I was about 17, going to school up in New England in a prep school called Exeter, and I was had just learned to play the banjo up there. Hey mama rock me Audie Cornish 00:07:46 You talk about the idea that your best known song, Wagon Wheel, is often blasting out of a truck, so to speak, that has an NRA sticker. Ketch Secor 00:08:05 When you make the kind of music that I make with a fiddle and a banjo and harmony singing and a particular style of songwriting, you're engaging in a community that might be different than your own sort of background, and it's not. Audie Cornish 00:08:50 And when you're around Nashville and you have political conversations, wherever the person falls on the spectrum, inevitably someone uses that phrase, Well, this is The South. And whether it's supposed to be that way or, you know, I think we're in a state of considerable growth down south, but the vestiges remain, and they're important to talk about in this regard, because one of the vestiges is gun culture, and it's largely considered like the rebel flag in the past, just something that exists here. Ketch Secor 00:11:15 Well, I didn't know to go into this, but but I'm excited that we are, Audie, because, you know, country music really especially, and to clarify, contemporary country music on the radio is a real safe space for us to not talk about political divisiveness and not talk about things of of substance. So this sort of, you know, hallmark kind of these ideals that are tossed around might not be that realistic for today's reality of, you know, I worked I'm part of a global economy working two jobs. Instead, they are allowed to say, I taught my child how to, you know, I mean, when I was a kid in the eighties, like I went bird hunt with Dad, I learned how to fire a weapon. So this is my way of saying it's not over and it won't be over until those deaths, those three deaths of American children gunned down in the third grade, until they mean something, that's when it'll be over. If in all these states and it's not just Tennessee, you've got these blue cities, these little blue dots in a sea of red, and by red I mean very conservative, very pro-gun, pro-Second Amendment legislatures. And and when Nashville in the early 1960s, in the late 1950s said its first foot forward, this was the proving ground, other parts of the South were too unsafe. You know, 50 years from now I think we're going to be looking back at these couple of years as the deciding time for a assault weapons ban in the United States. Audie Cornish 00:18:59 Again, I want to bring it to the question about country music artists, especially mainstream ones who given what we know about the music, number one, have been socially punished for activism by what we call Music Row, by music radio, by country music radio in particular, which still has a very kind of strong grip in a way programmers do, and even recent history. Ketch Secor 00:20:20 Hey, I'm just reaching out to all my Nashville music community in the wake of the shooting and sharing this story that I wrote that came out today in The Times. And when you look at the the roster, who's on the marquee, it's not the usual Americana folks who always say, you know, we stand with kids, we stand up against gun violence. Ketch Secor 00:22:34 There's nothing but up here because we we have started at the very baseline where music coming out of Nashville on the radio says nothing about violence against children in our schools or about the need to rethink the types of weaponry that is associated with the Second Amendment. You know, generally, just like I'm in a songwriting mood here, I'm in a a moment in time with a lot of different opportunities as a writer to engage on this, whether it's, you know, writing the right caption for a photograph on Instagram or writing an op ed piece for The New York Times or being on this podcast with you, Audie. There's so many ways to choose my words right now and try and have them be resonant for the pain that we're feeling in Nashville, Tennessee and around the country because we are just so tired, parents, that our kids are not safe in their schools. What that means for me as a songwriter is that I also have the chance to write new music about this and to put my money where my mouth is.

Link: https://www.cnn.com/2023/04/18/success/tax-day-2023-file-irs/index.html
Article: (It is also, apparently, National Animal Crackers Day for those who celebrate.) Whether you have already filed your tax return or still need to, the good news is this tax filing season has gone much more smoothly than the past three, which were hurt by the pandemic. For instance, Werfel noted that since January, thanks to an infusion of some new funding after years of budget cuts, IRS employees have been able to answer 87% of calls from filers with questions. Either way, here are some key things to know: Not everyone has to file on April 18: If you live in a federally declared disaster area, have a business there — or have relevant tax documents stored by businesses in that area — it’s likely the IRS has already extended the filing and payment deadlines for you. Thanks to many rounds of extreme weather in recent months, for instance, tax filers in most of California — which accounts for 10% to 15% of all federal filers — have already been granted an extension until Oct. If you’re in the armed forces and are currently or were recently stationed in a combat zone, the filing and payment deadlines for your 2022 taxes are most likely extended by 180 days. Lastly, if you made little to no money last year (typically less than $12,950 for single filers and $25,900 for married couples), you may not be required to file a return. (Use this IRS tool to gauge whether you are required to file this year.) You also are likely eligible to use IRS Free File (intended for those with adjusted gross income of $73,000 or less) so it won’t cost you to submit a return. Your paycheck may not be your only source of income: If you had one full-time job you may think that is the only income you made and have to report. Other potentially taxable and reportable income sources include: Interest on your savings Investment income (e.g., dividends and capital gains) Pay for part-time or seasonal work, or a side hustle Unemployment income Social Security benefits or distribution from a retirement account Tips Gambling winnings Income from a rental property you own Organize your tax documents: By now you should have received every tax document that third parties are required to send you (your employer, bank, brokerage, etc.). Here are some of the tax forms you may have received: W-2 from your wage or salaried jobs from your wage or salaried jobs 1099-B for capital gains and losses on your investments for capital gains and losses on your investments 1099-DIV from your brokerage or company where you own stock for dividends or other distributions from their investments from your brokerage or company where you own stock for dividends or other distributions from their investments 1099-INT for interest over $10 on your savings at a financial institution for interest over $10 on your savings at a financial institution 1099-NEC from your clients, if you worked as a contractor from your clients, if you worked as a contractor 1099-K for payments for goods and services through third-party platforms like Venmo, CashApp or Etsy. (Next year the reporting threshold drops to $600.) But even if you didn’t get a 1099-K you still must report all the income that you made over third-party platforms in 2022. 1099-Rs for distributions over $10 that you received for a pension, annuity, retirement account, profit-sharing plan or insurance contract for distributions over $10 that you received for a pension, annuity, retirement account, profit-sharing plan or insurance contract SSA-1099 or SSA-1042S for Social Security benefits received. “Be aware that there’s no form for some taxable income, like proceeds from renting out your vacation property, meaning you’re responsible for reporting it on your own,” according to the Illinois CPA Society. One very last-minute way to reduce your 2022 tax bill: If you’re eligible to make a tax-deductible contribution to an IRA and haven’t done so for last year, you have until April 18 to contribute up to $6,000 ($7,000 if you’re 50 or older). You want to avoid things like having a typo in your name, birth date, Social Security number or direct deposit number; choosing the wrong filing status (e.g., married vs single); making a simple math error; or leaving a required field blank. What to do if you can’t file by April 18: If you’re not able to file on time, fill out Form 4868 electronically or on paper and send it in no later than today. So if you suspect you still owe tax — perhaps you had some income outside of your job for which tax wasn’t withheld or you had a big capital gain last year — approximate how much more you owe and send that money to the IRS by the end of today. If you still owe income taxes to your state, remember that you may need to go through a similar exercise of filing for an extension and making a payment to your state’s revenue department, Martin said. Use this interactive tax assistant for basic questions you may have: The IRS provides an “interactive tax assistant” that can help you answer more than 50 basic questions pertaining to your individual circumstance on income, deductions, credits and other technical questions. Will I be audited?: The reasons and methods for auditing a taxpayer can vary — and many audits result in “no change,” meaning you don’t end up owing anything more to the IRS. Even for very high income filers, audit rates were quite low: Just 0.4% for those reporting income of between $1 million and $5 million; 0.7% for those with income between $5 million and $10 million; and 2.4% for returns with income over $10 million. Looking ahead, the IRS commissioner noted in a press call that the agency will be using money from the Inflation Reduction Act to bolster its compliance efforts to focus more on auditing high-income individuals — defined as making $400,000 or more.

Link: https://www.cnn.com/2023/04/18/us/undocumented-immigrants-taxes-cec/index.html
Article: Why some undocumented immigrants choose to pay taxes The National Immigration Law Center breaks down a number of reasons why undocumented immigrants pay taxes, including: • It shows they’re complying with federal tax laws. • Tax return records could be used to document work history and presence in the US, steps that may help them be eligible for legal immigration status in the future if lawmakers pass immigration reform. How some pay taxes despite not having Social Security numbers Critics of illegal immigration have long argued that undocumented immigrants who pay taxes are able to do so because they’re using stolen Social Security numbers. The Bipartisan Policy Center, a Washington-based think tank, notes that “most experts believe the vast majority of tax returns filed with ITINs today are filed by undocumented immigrants.” Some noncitizens who legally immigrated to the United States also pay taxes using this method. Immigrant rights advocates are speaking out on social media In recent years, immigrant rights advocates’ posts on Facebook, Twitter and TikTok during tax season have drawn attention to the issue. “Wanna tell me again how I should be deported, contribute nothing and only leech off this country while the 1% wealthiest people in this country steal from you everyday?” wrote Sisa, who was a college student in Arizona at the time. Jose Antonio Vargas, the Pulitzer Prize-winning journalist-turned-activist who’s turned his struggles as an undocumented immigrant into a platform for advocacy, took a break from finalizing his taxes in 2019 to share his experience on Twitter.

Link: https://www.cnn.com/2023/04/17/opinions/us-tax-system-wealthy-disney-pearl/index.html
Article: CNN — Tuesday is Tax Day in America, one of the most stressful days of the year, when many taxpayers will finally end their procrastination, file their federal returns, and hope for a refund from the IRS. Abigail Disney Grasstaken, Roo Castro and Rod Coplin Morris Pearl Beatrice Mortiz Tax Day isn’t just a filing deadline — it’s also an annual reminder that the ultra-rich exist in an entirely separate world when it comes to taxes. There are three changes to the tax code that would help us do just that: Tax all types of income the same for high earners Right now, the US tax system values money over sweat. Thanks to former president Donald Trump’s 2017 tax law, the first $12.92 million (or $25.84 million for a married couple) is completely exempt from any estate tax, and the stepped-up basis loophole allows wealthy families to permanently erase millions in capital gains taxes by resetting the market value of those assets to their value at the time of the original owner’s death. It’s time for the tax code to treat all income equally by taxing all capital gains over $1 million at the same rates as ordinary income, and replacing our loophole-ridden estate tax with a simpler inheritance tax that treats inherited wealth as income. Tax wealth or unrealized capital gains We can’t just focus on income, however, because many of the richest Americans earn basically no taxable income of any kind in a typical year. That’s why President Biden has proposed the Billionaire Minimum Income Tax, which would tax the unrealized capital gains of the wealthiest households and why others have proposed wealth taxes on billionaires. In order to reflect the real differences between the rich and the ultra-rich, we need to return to the top rates we had through the most prosperous decades of the 20th century and add significantly more tax brackets. Follow CNN Opinion Join us on Twitter and Facebook These three changes certainly won’t fix all our country’s problems on their own, but they would go a long way in stopping the steady flow of our country’s wealth toward a smaller and smaller group of people, a change that would make both our democracy and our economy more stable.

Link: https://www.cnn.com/travel/article/worlds-longest-cycling-tunnel/index.html
Article: “We Norwegians are usually modest people,” Camilla Einarsen Heggernes, a spokesperson for rail company Bybanen Utbygging, tells CNN, “But in this instance we would say that the tunnel is 100% state of the art.” When you see this sundial, you'll know you're halfway through. If you’re wondering how cyclists and pedestrians can use the same space, there are two lanes in the tunnel: a 3.5-meter wide bike lane and a 2.5-meter-wide lane for walkers and runners. This stunning rail journey crosses Europe’s largest high mountain plateau, the Hardangervidda, and its snow-clad vistas were the backdrop for the battle scenes in the “Star Wars” sequel “The Empire Strikes Back.” While the Fyllingsdalstunnelen is pitching itself as the world’s longest purpose-built cycle tunnel, the reason for that caveat is the 3.6-kilometer-long Snoqualmie Tunnel in Washington, just east of Seattle.

Link: https://www.cnn.com/style/article/ai-photo-win-sony-scli-intl/index.html
Article: Berlin-based Boris Eldagsen won the creative open category at this year’s Sony World Photography Award with his entry “Pseudomnesia: The Electrician.” The eerie black and white image shows two women from different generations – the older woman appearing to hang on to the younger woman from behind. Eldagsen said he hoped his actions would open up the conversation around the issue and lead to “separate competitions for AI-generated images.” Eldagsen said in a statement shared on his website that he had been a “cheeky monkey” in a bid to open up the conversation around artificially generated images. They are not.” ‘Not about winning’ Eldagsen told CNN Tuesday: “It shows that at the moment the photographic world has been taken by surprise after this development that subtly you can create images that look like photography but you don’t need to have the skills and expertise of photographers.” He said that AI had left many photographers feeling “threatened and afraid that they are going to lose their jobs which will happen.” Eldagsen said his intention was not to create trouble, but to open up an important conversation. “I was just making a test to see if they were aware – like a hacker who hacks a system not to exploit it, but to see if there are weaknesses.” In further statements on his website, he said he had informed the organizers of AI involvement. ‘Misleading’ claims The World Photography Organisation, which runs the competition, told CNN in a statement Tuesday that, during the competition’s exchanges with Eldagsen ahead of announcing him as a category winner on March 14, he had confirmed the “co-creation” of this image using AI. “As such, following our correspondence with Boris and the warranties he provided, we felt that his entry fulfilled the criteria for this category, and we were supportive of his participation. Given his actions and subsequent statement noting his deliberate attempts at misleading us, and therefore invalidating the warranties he provided, we no longer feel we are able to engage in a meaningful and constructive dialogue with him.” The statement said organizers recognize “the importance of this subject and its impact on image-making today.” “While elements of AI practices are relevant in artistic contexts of image-making, the awards always have been and will continue to be a platform for championing the excellence and skill of photographers and artists working in the medium,” the World Photography Organisation added.

Link: https://www.cnn.com/videos/travel/2023/04/18/century-old-shipwrecks-lake-superior-discovery-contd-orig-zt.cnn
Article: Video player was slow to load content Video content never loaded Ad froze or did not finish loading Video content did not start after ad Audio on ad was too loud Other issues

Link: https://www.cnn.com/style/article/marilyn-minter-artist-elder-sex/index.html
Article: Last year, the artist Marilyn Minter set out to change that, gathering a group of men and women aged 70 and older in her New York studio to showcase a lesser-seen side of sex and relationships. And that was my goal — to make to make them look very desirable.” "Elder Sex" is Marilyn Minter's full set of images originally shot for a New York Times Magazine story on senior sex and intimacy. Marilyn Minter/Courtesy Marilyn Minter & LGDR A handful of the ensuing images were originally published in the New York Times Magazine, accompanying a candid editorial feature about seniors’ sex lives. The exhibition, which opened in April, is her first solo show in the city since the Brooklyn Museum mounted her retrospective “Pretty/Dirty” in 2016, and features highlights from her five-decade-long career, as well as other new bodies of work. Seeking partners In “Elder Sex,” Minter utilized one of her signature aesthetics, which she has explored in both hyperrealistic paintings and photographs: jewel-toned, close-cropped compositions of glistening bodies, seemingly shown through the glass of a steamed-up mirror or window. But despite her credentials as one of the most important and boundary-breaking artists today — and despite stars such as Lady Gaga and Lizzo posing for her — Minter couldn’t find enough real couples willing to participate. I asked all my friends — in mixed-race relationships, in lesbian relationships — and none of them would do it.” In the end, Minter cast actors along with the few people who had agreed. Their sentiments matched the people interviewed for the New York Times Magazine article, who described deepening intimacy with their partners later in life, as well as learning to navigate and appreciate their needs as their bodies aged. I’m not going to fake anything here.’” Changing attitudes Minter acknowledges that sex and self-image is fraught for women of all ages — older women are rarely seen or taken seriously as having intimate needs, while for younger women, sexual agency is often a tightrope walk — too much of it and you can be “excoriated and slut-shamed,” Minter said. Video Ad Feedback Marilyn Minter unveils steamy 'shower' images 01:51 • Source: CNN Marilyn Minter unveils steamy 'shower' images 01:51 But the artist sees some progress in who gets to be seen as desirable on our television screens, reflecting a burgeoning broader shift in cultural attitudes around sex. She pointed to photographs in People magazine comparing the characters of “The Golden Girls” and “Sex and the City,” who are the same age at the time of the latter’s reboot on HBO Max (which is owned by CNN’s parent company, Warner Bros. Though “The Golden Girls” also delved into romance and intimacy — and was widely-viewed as remarkably sex-positive for its time — there’s a stark contrast in how women in their 50s are presented across the two shows. Marilyn Minter/Courtesy of JBE Books & LGDR She hopes “Elder Sex” will not only serve as a much-needed visual reference for what intimacy can look like at older ages, but will also resonate for people who feel like their desires — and lives — are overlooked.

Link: https://www.cnn.com/2023/04/17/economy/china-gdp-q1-2023-intl-hnk/index.html
Article: “The combination of a steady uptick in consumer confidence as well as the still-incomplete release of pent-up demand suggest to us that the consumer-led recovery still has room to run,” said Louise Loo, China lead economist for Oxford Economics. (China usually combines its economic data for January and February to account for the impact of the Lunar New Year holiday.) Commuters during Beijing's morning rush hour in April 2023 Mark Schiefelbein/AP Last year, GDP expanded by just 3%, badly missing the official growth target of “around 5.5%,” as Beijing’s approach to stamping out the coronavirus wreaked havoc on supply chains and hammered consumer spending. Private business retreat However, some analysts believe the strong growth reported in the first quarter was the product of “backloading” of economic activity from the fourth quarter of 2022, which was weighed down by pandemic restrictions and then a chaotic reopening. “The domestic economy is recovering well, but the constraints of insufficient demand are still obvious,” said Fu Linghui, a spokesman for the NBS, at a news conference in Beijing on Tuesday. At last month’s meeting of the National People’s Congress, the country’s rubber-stamp parliament, the government set a cautious growth plan for this year, with a GDP target of around 5% and a job creation target of 12 million.

Link: https://www.cnn.com/2023/04/16/success/husbands-wives-earning-division-of-labor-pew-survey/index.html
Article: New York CNN — Few women will be surprised to learn that even when wives earn about the same as their husbands or more, a new Pew Research Center study finds that they still spend more time on housework and child care, while their husbands spend more time on paid work and leisure. Nearly half of Americans (48%) in Pew’s survey said husbands prefer to earn more than their wives, while 13% said men would prefer their wives earn about the same as them. Meanwhile, when it comes to having a family, 77% said that children are better off when both parents focus equally on their job and on taking care of the kids. The Pew study is based on three data sources: earnings data from the US Census’ Current Population Survey; data from the American Time Use Survey and a nationally representative survey of public attitudes among 5,152 US adults conducted in January.

Link: https://www.cnn.com/2023/04/17/business/mcdonalds-burgers/index.html
Article: New York CNN — McDonald’s, which has been focusing on upgrading its core items to boost sales, is rolling out a series of changes designed to improve its signature burgers. “We found that small changes, like tweaking our process to get hotter, meltier cheese and adjusting our grill settings for a better sear, added up to a big difference in making our burgers more flavorful than ever,” said chef Chad Schafer, senior director of culinary innovation of McDonald’s USA, in a statement Monday. McDonald's USA The improvements were first made to burgers in international markets, the company said, and have already arrived in some US cities, including Los Angeles, Seattle, Phoenix, Las Vegas. In 2021, it launched a crispy chicken sandwich to replace previous iterations — a relatively late arrival in the chicken sandwich wars, but one that seems to have resonated with McDonald’s customers. “We are gaining market share in both chicken and beef,” thanks to improved burgers and items like the chicken sandwich, said McDonald’s (MCD) CEO Chris Kempczinski during a January analyst call.

Link: https://www.cnn.com/2023/04/17/tech/google-ai-search-engine-stock-drop/index.html
Article: CNN — Shares of Google-parent Alphabet fell more than 3% in early trading Monday after a report sparked concerns that its core search engine could lose market share to AI-powered rivals, including Microsoft’s Bing. Last month, Google employees learned that Samsung was weighing making Bing the default search engine on its devices instead of Google’s search engine, prompting a “panic” inside the company, according to a report from the New York Times, citing internal messages and documents. (CNN has not reviewed the material.) In an effort to address the heightened competition, Google is said to be developing a new AI-powered search engine called Project “Magi,” according to the Times. The company, which reportedly has about 160 people working on the project, aims to change the way results appear in Google Search and will include an AI chat tool available to answer questions. In a statement sent to CNN, Google spokesperson Lara Levin said the company has been using AI for years to “improve the quality of our results” and “offer entirely new ways to search,” including with a feature rolled out last year that lets users search by combining images and words. “Not every brainstorm deck or product idea leads to a launch, but as we’ve said before, we’re excited about bringing new AI-powered features to Search, and will share more details soon.” Samsung did not immediately respond to a request for comment. In March, Google began opening up access to Bard, its new AI chatbot tool that directly competes with ChatGPT and promises to help users outline and write essay drafts, plan a friend’s baby shower, and get lunch ideas based on what’s in the fridge. At an event in February, a Google executive also said the company will bring “the magic of generative AI” directly into its core search product and use artificial intelligence to pave the way for the “next frontier of our information products.” Microsoft, meanwhile, has invested in and partnered with OpenAI, the company behind ChatGPT, to deploy similar technology in Bing and other productivity tools. Microsoft’s Bing AI demo was also called out for several errors, including an apparent failure to differentiate between the types of vacuums and even made up information about certain products. In an interview with 60 Minutes that aired on Sunday, Google and Alphabet CEO Sundar Pichai stressed the need for companies to “be responsible in each step along the way” as they build and release AI tools. For Google, he said, that means allowing time for “user feedback” and making sure the company “can develop more robust safety layers before we build, before we deploy more capable models.” He also expressed his belief that these AI tools will ultimately have broad impacts on businesses, professions and society.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/politics/white-house-expected-to-submit-plans-for-new-ballroom-construction-this-month
Article: He said the review process would happen at a “normal and deliberative pace.” “Once plans are submitted, that’s really when the role of this commission, and its professional staff, will begin,” said Scharf, who also is one of the Republican president’s top White House aides. Will Scharf, who was named by Trump as chairman of the National Capital Planning Commission, said at the panel’s monthly meeting Thursday that he was told by colleagues at the White House that the long-awaited plans will be filed sometime in December. WASHINGTON (AP) — The White House is expected to submit plans for President Donald Trump’s new ballroom to a federal planning commission before the year ends, about three months after construction began. “As we begin to transition into the next stage of development on the White House Ballroom, the Administration is excited to share that the highly talented Shalom Baranes has joined the team of experts to carry out President Trump’s vision on building what will be the greatest addition to the White House since the Oval Office — the White House Ballroom,” Ingle said in an emailed statement. “Shalom is an accomplished architect whose work has shaped the architectural identity of our nation’s capital for decades and his experience will be a great asset to the completion of this project,” Ingle said. If built as proposed, the 90,000-square-foot ballroom announced over the summer and expected to be ready before Trump’s term ends in 2029, would dwarf the White House itself, at nearly double the size, and the president has said it will accommodate 999 people. The White House has released a list of 37 donors that includes crypto billionaires, charitable organizations, sports team owners, powerful financiers, tech and tobacco giants, media companies, supporters of Republican causes and some of the president’s neighbors in Palm Beach, Florida. Trump has long desired a ballroom at the White House and he complains regularly about the inability of its two largest rooms, the State Dining Room and the East Room, to host large events. Last month, when Saudi Arabia’s Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman visited, Trump said he had upset a lot of people because he had to turn down their requests to attend an East Room dinner in the prince’s honor due to the lack of space. “But very soon you’ll be having that, and we’ll have to do another one in about two years from now.” In September, Trump moved ahead with site preparation work for the ballroom despite the lack of sign-off from the National Capital Planning Commission, the executive branch agency with jurisdiction over construction and major renovations to government buildings in the region. Preston Bryant Jr., a former chair of the commission under President Barack Obama, told The Associated Press that the approval process typically involved four stages, including an early consultation when the project was conceptual.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/show/pentagon-leaders-brief-lawmakers-on-u-s-boat-strikes-fueling-debate-over-legality
Article: Nick Schifrin: On Capitol Hill today, the U.S.' most senior military officer and the admiral at the center of a contentious strike gave their version and revealed more video of the September two attack that targeted what the administration says were 11 narco-terrorists. official tells "PBS News Hour" that Admiral Frank Mitch Bradley and chairman of the Joint Chiefs, General Dan Caine told lawmakers in classified briefings that the first strike killed nine people and that, after the first strike, the boat was still seaworthy, the men on board still had drugs and communications, which meant they were still combatants, and a rescue boat was approaching. The first strike, the second strike, and the third and fourth strike on September 2 were entirely lawful and needful and they were exactly what we would expect our military commanders to do.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/show/dem-congressman-deeply-concerned-about-legality-of-boat-strikes-after-viewing-video
Article: Now, the broader definition is anyone shipping cocaine in the direction of the United States, because, keep in mind, they don't even know that this cocaine was coming to the U.S. Do we want to give the president of the United States the authority to kill anyone he deems a drug dealer, to make him judge, jury, and executioner with no due process? Adam Smith: Well, at the risk of having the Justice Department investigate me, and I did not serve in the military, so I'm not at risk of being called back and court-martialed, I would give the same guidance that Senator Mark Kelly and the other five members gave in that video. And if you're working for this guy, you better be extra careful, because you know, A, SecDef doesn't care about the law, and, B, he certainly doesn't have your back, as was witnessed by the fact that instantly he said, yes, wasn't my decision, it was his decision. So what I'm going to do and a lot of us in Congress are going to do is, we're going to keep pushing for that oversight and for that accountability.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/world/vatican-commission-again-votes-against-ordaining-women-as-deacons
Article: ROME (AP) — A second Vatican study commission has determined that women should not be ordained as deacons, dealing another setback to Catholic women who hope one day to be able to preside at weddings, baptisms and funerals. READ MORE: Catholics call for Vatican to embrace women in leadership, LGBTQ community, report says Deacons are ordained ministers who perform many of the same functions as priests, presiding at weddings, baptisms and funerals. Pope Francis in 2016 ordered a first study commission on the issue following a request from the umbrella organization of the world’s female religious orders, the International Union of Superiors General. Given the impasse, the current state of research “rules out the possibility of moving in the direction of admitting women to the diaconate understood as a degree of the sacrament of Holy Orders” the report said. But it left open the possibility for further study, saying the current state of investigation doesn’t allow for a “definitive judgment to be formulated.” Some Catholic women want ministerial recognition Catholic women do much of the church’s work in schools and hospitals and are usually responsible for passing the faith to the next generation. This moment invites deeper listening, not closure.” Women’s Ordination Conference, a U.S.-based group that advocates for women priests, said it was “appalled” by the Vatican’s “refusal to open its doors to women, even a crack. Advocates for expanding the diaconate to include women say doing so would provide women with greater role in the ministry and governance of the church, while also helping address the effects of the Catholic priest shortage in parts of the world by allowing women to perform some priestly functions. The female diaconate was discussed during his 2019 Amazon synod, or meeting of bishops, and again during Francis’ bigger yearslong reform synod, which in 2024 called for the question to remain open. During a 2023 press conference, Prevost acknowledged that Francis had created the two study commissions but he warned that turning women into clerics “doesn’t necessarily solve a problem, it might make a new problem.” Phyllis Zagano, a researcher at Hofstra University in New York and a member of the original 2016 commission, complained that the document issued Thursday “does its best to present the topic in a negative light” by arguing that “since women are barred from priestly ordination, they may not be ordained as deacons.” “The long report does not present evidence or a theological argument, only the opinion that more study is needed.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/show/news-wrap-supreme-court-allows-texas-to-use-redrawn-congressional-map-favoring-gop
Article: In our news wrap Thursday, the Supreme Court allowed Texas to use a redrawn congressional map that could add Republican seats in the midterm elections, only one hostage body remains inside Gaza after Israeli officials identified the latest remains handed over and The New York Times sued the Pentagon, saying restrictive new press rules violate both its First Amendment and due-process rights. This comes just 10 days after a federal judge threw out charges against both James and former FBI Director James Comey because Trump's handpicked prosecutor for both of those cases, Lindsey Halligan, was found to be unlawfully appointed. Turning now to the Middle East, only one hostage body remains inside Gaza after Israeli officials identified the most recent remains handed over by Palestinian militants to be those of Sudthisak Rinthalak from Thailand. Amna Nawaz: Separately, an audit by Israel's own Justice Ministry found that Palestinian prisoners detained by Israel since the October 7 Hamas attack faced grueling conditions that included overcrowding, starvation, and near daily beatings. The rules, which went into effect in October, give Defense Secretary Pete Hegseth the power to revoke press credentials or ban journalists for seeking or reporting information that had not been approved for release.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/show/what-led-the-fbi-to-the-man-accused-of-placing-pipe-bombs-in-d-c
Article: The FBI arrested a 30-year-old man, Brian Cole Jr., in its nearly five-year investigation into who placed pipe bombs near the Republican and Democratic headquarters on the eve of the Jan. Geoff Bennett discussed more with Carol Leonnig, the reporter who broke the story and co-author of “Injustice: How Politics and Fear Vanquished America's Justice Department." Notice: Transcripts are machine and human generated and lightly edited for accuracy. Geoff Bennett: The FBI announced today an arrest in its nearly five-year investigation into who placed pipe bombs near the Republican and Democratic national party headquarters in Washington, D.C., on the eve of the January 6 Capitol attack back in 2021. Dan Bongino, Deputy FBI Director: Folks, this is what it's like when you work for a president who tells you to go get the bad guys and stop focusing on other extraneous things not related to law enforcement. Carol Leonnig: Geoff, this case has been one of the highest-profile and the most data-intense and enormous of all the FBI investigations that I have been covering and, honestly, of several generations in the FBI history. And the breakthrough here was not based on new evidence or a new tip, but was based on a re-review, essentially, of evidence that was already in FBI storehouses as a result of subpoenas that were issued far and wide in 2021 and 2022. They focused especially on phone records first to figure out how many people were around the Capitol and around the DNC and the RNC when these bombs were planted January 5, the night before the certification of the election. And then the FBI subpoenaed almost every large hardware store and box retailer looking for people who had purchased some of the components that would be used in this kind of explosive. And then they looked at also subpoenas of the records for all sorts of sneaker retailers to find anyone who purchased a particular kind of Nike shoe that they could tell the suspect had worn based on surveillance. Cole to indicate what his motives were, to indicate that he had a plan to try to pull police away from the Capitol at the same time that pro-Trump supporters were essentially breaching and marching up to the Capitol and breaking the glass and getting inside the building.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/show/corruption-scandal-rocks-ukraine-as-it-fights-for-survival-against-russias-invasion
Article: Daria Kaleniuk, Anti-Corruption Action Center: This is the closest square to the office of president, so you can see here, I guess, 10,000 people were here during the summer rallies. Anna Svyatoslav (through translator): When you are thinking about how to keep your child warm and just normal, so that your child has decent conditions, and then you hear what they say is going on in government, they used to chop off hands for that.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/politics/supreme-court-allows-texas-to-use-redrawn-congressional-map-favorable-to-gop-in-2026
Article: WASHINGTON (AP) — The Supreme Court on Thursday came to the rescue of Texas Republicans, allowing next year’s elections to be held under the state’s congressional redistricting plan favorable to the GOP and pushed by President Donald Trump despite a lower-court ruling that the map likely discriminates on the basis of race. Smith, an appointee of President Ronald Reagan, a Republican, also disagreed strenuously with the substance of the opinion, saying it would be a candidate for the “Nobel Prize for Fiction,” if there were such an award.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/show/ukraine-ambassador-to-u-s-on-peace-negotiations-and-corruption-scandal
Article: Amna Nawaz: Before we jump into the latest news today, I want to get your response to the report we just saw earlier from Jack Hewson about this latest corruption scandal President Zelenskyy is managing. And, in fact, while it has been the major mainstream narrative of Russian Federation presenting Ukraine as a failed state, as a corrupt state, but, on the opposite, we have democratic elections, we have a democratic and functioning administrative system throughout the war, which is not the case for Russia, because even the war they have, our fighting is on our territory. Just in a couple of hours, our head of delegation, Rustem Umerov, nominated by the president, will have a meeting with Steve Witkoff, the special envoy of President Trump, to discuss the follow-up and to hear the readout from the meeting in Moscow. It was reported today, I should put to you, by the German outlet Der Spiegel that French President Emmanuel Macron warned on a call with European leaders and President Zelenskyy he was worried the U.S. We're acting — like, our line is that we're acting in a good faith, to the extent it is only possible helping and backing up the effort of the United States to secure a sustainable peace. This is also on the back of the reporting that Steve Witkoff was advising a senior Russian official on how they should tactically handle President Trump when it comes to these talks? And I think everybody understands that if, in the 21st century, one country attack the other, and this attack, not only the territorial thing, but also the war crimes, massive tortures and rapes and abduction of Ukrainian children, is recognized as normal just because somebody is tired of paying attention to that.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/politics/u-s-to-prioritize-visa-applications-by-investors-and-fans-visiting-for-world-cup-olympics
Article: embassies and consulates around the world to prioritize visa applications from foreigners wishing to visit the United States to either invest in America or attend the 2026 World Cup, 2028 Olympics and other major sporting events. The new rules would deny entry to those deemed to have directed or participated in the censorship of American citizens on social media through content moderation initiatives that have sprung up throughout Europe and elsewhere to combat extremist speech. diplomatic missions that were obtained by The Associated Press, the State Department said visa applications for businesspeople considering “significant investments” in the United States should be at the top of the list for consideration along with applications from those wanting to travel “for major sporting events which showcase American excellence.” It is the latest effort by President Donald Trump’s administration to crack down on migrants and visitors entering the U.S. Focusing on foreign sports fans As part of a broader initiative to control the entry of foreigners into the U.S., the State Department has said all those who require visas to enter the country would need to submit to an in-person interview and screening to vet them for potential national security risks. This has led to lengthy wait times at many embassies and consulates for interviews to apply for what are known as “B1” and “B2” visas despite a surge in consular staffing. Nonetheless, he still encouraged them to apply for their visas “right away.” WATCH: Trump’s World Cup task force announces new visa interview system for ticketholders Secretary of State Marco Rubio said the administration had dispatched more than 400 additional consular officers around the world to handle the demand for visas for the World Cup and that in about 80% of the globe, travelers to the U.S. The new steps in the cable this week go beyond the FIFA Pass initiative to expedite applications for those looking to travel to the United States for the Olympics and other major sports events. “These should take priority over all other B1/B2 applications, except those related to American re-industrialization.” Others to be prioritized include foreign diplomats, government officials traveling on official business, temporary agricultural workers, religious workers, physicians and nurses, and students attending academic institutions with less than 15% foreign enrollment. “Posts may significantly reduce the number of appointment slots available to lower rank groups in order to accommodate demand from higher rank groups.” New visa guidelines for highly skilled workers A second cable sent Tuesday to all embassies and consulates set out new criteria for considering H-1B visa applications, instructing diplomats to “be on the lookout” for those who may have been or are “responsible for or complicit in the censorship of Americans” online and elsewhere. Those visas allow American companies to bring in people with technical skills that are hard to find in the United States, and President Donald Trump has said he would slap a $100,000 annual fee on them. It defined such information as having “adopting global content moderation policies inconsistent with freedom of expression, complying with global content moderation or censorship demands from a foreign entity and providing access to private data on American citizens in connection with content moderation.” Proof of this could be obtained from an applicant’s resume, employment history, social media profiles and posts, and public statements or writings, the cable said, adding that the State Department was developing tools to make it easier and quicker to conduct these screenings. It noted that all visa applicants are subject to these criteria, but that H-1B applicants should be looked at most closely “as many work or have worked in the tech sector, including in social media or financial services companies involved in the suppression of protected expression.” “You must thoroughly explore their employment histories to ensure no participation in such activities,” the cable said, adding that “if you uncover evidence and applicant was responsible for or complicit in censorship or attempted censorship of protected expression in the United States you should pursue a finding that the applicant is ineligible” for a visa.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/show/as-ice-boosts-recruitment-critics-concerned-over-changes-to-hiring-and-training-standards
Article: Liz Landers: These are all part of a major multimillion-dollar recruitment campaign launched by the Immigration and Customs Enforcement agency, ICE, to enact a key campaign promise of President Trump. And the agency announced a lofty recruitment goal of hiring 10,000 new agents by the end of the year, which would more than double the number of deportation officers from roughly 6,000 to 16,000. It's going to be through streamers, so YouTube and other places where user-generated content is, but also large-scale broadcast and streaming platforms like Hulu, HBO Max, Amazon Prime, all of this sort of thing. Liz Landers: It's also shared images using wartime imagery, like Uncle Sam, and slang, like in this post with the caption — quote — "Want to deport illegals with your absolute boys." But some critics worry this will draw recruits with the wrong motivation. Liz Landers: When asked about their social media recruitment posts, Assistant Secretary of the Department of Homeland Security Tricia McLaughlin said — quote — "These are the type of smears that vilify our brave ICE law enforcement and are leading to 100 percent increase in assaults against them. ICE only recruits patriotic professionals who have the integrity and moral compass to perform such critical roles in keeping America safe." While the agency emphasizes its mission to protect public safety and national security to potential recruits, a recent New York Times analysis found the majority of immigrants arrested and detained by ICE do not have U.S. Secretary of Homeland Security: When you talk about millions of individuals on a final order of removal here in the United States that all should be deported or removed, but yet you don't have the officers to go out there and to target them and apprehend them and remove them, you need to beef up their resources. Chad Wolf: Once you get those recruits, right, into the pipeline, and you start vetting them, you start talking to them, you start interviewing them, that's where the rubber meets the road, right? Liz Landers: But the agency has reportedly rushed new recruits into its training program before being properly vetted, leading some trainees to drop out due to failing background checks, academic requirements or fitness standards. Liz Landers: Assistant Secretary McLaughlin defended the agency's vetting process, saying — quote — "Any individual who desires to join ICE will undergo intense background investigations and security clearances, no exception." Man: From Texas to California, Border Patrol agents are being hired at a breakneck speed. John Sandweg: When we rushed to hire Border Patrol agents, we ended up getting individuals who just weren't well suited for some of the stressful encounters you have as a law enforcement agent. Liz Landers: After loosening its hiring standards and training standards, arrests of CBP officers for misconduct increased, including for high-profile corruption cases involving agents working with cartels to smuggle drugs across the border. Liz Landers: So far, the administration says its recruitment campaign is working, recently announcing that it will finish hiring 10,000 agents within days, an effort that is reshaping the face of law enforcement on America's streets.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/show/what-to-know-about-the-rise-in-colon-cancer-cases-among-young-adults
Article: Deema Zein: The number of young people being diagnosed with cancer is on the rise, and that includes colon cancer, which many people associate with old age, but not anymore, says Dr. Andrea Cercek, Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center: Normally, for colon cancer patients, they were in their 60s, 70s, or 80s, and then all of a sudden we were seeing this influx of young adults. Andrea Cercek: We think it's likely what we call sort of environmental factors or combination of environmental factors, change in our lifestyle, our diets, what we're ingesting in addition to kind of processed foods, high sugar, antibiotics, exposure to certain things like microplastics. Andrea Cercek: Any symptoms that are persistent, and usually by persistent we mean lasting a few days, of things like bright red blood for rectum, so rectal bleeding, change in bowel habits like constipation or diarrhea, unexplained weight loss, abdominal pain super, super tired from anemia, potentially.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/world/russia-restricts-facetime-in-latest-step-to-control-online-communications
Article: READ MORE: Using the internet in Russia can be frustrating, complicated and dangerous State internet regulator Roskomnadzor alleged in a statement that the service is being “used to organize and conduct terrorist activities on the territory of the country, to recruit perpetrators (and) commit fraud and other crimes against our citizens.” Apple did not respond to an emailed request for comment. Earlier this week, the government also said it was blocking Roblox, a popular online game platform, saying the step aimed at protecting children from illicit content and “pedophiles who meet minors directly in the game’s chats and then move on to real life.” Stanislav Seleznev, cyber security expert and lawyer with the Net Freedom rights group, told The Associated Press that Russian law views any platform where users can message each other as “organizers of dissemination of information.” This label mandates that platforms have an account with Roskomnadzor so that it could communicate its demands, and give Russia’s security service, the FSB, access to accounts of their users for monitoring; those failing to comply are in violation and can get blocked, Seleznev said.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/world/watch-rubio-and-kenyan-president-ruto-speak-after-signing-america-first-global-health-deal
Article: WASHINGTON (AP) — The Trump administration has signed the first in what are expected to be dozens of “America First” global health funding agreements that will prioritize combating infectious diseases in countries deemed to be aligned with the president’s broader foreign policy goals and positions. The five-year, $2.5 billion agreement with Kenya was signed Thursday by Kenyan President William Ruto and Secretary of State Marco Rubio to replace a patchwork of previous health agreements that had traditionally been run by the U.S. The elimination of USAID as a separate agency sparked widespread criticism and concern in the global health community as its immediate impact resulted in the defunding of multiple hundreds of programs focused on the developing world, including cuts to maternal and child care, nutrition and anti-HIV/AIDS programs. leadership and excellence in global health while eliminating dependency, ideology, inefficiency, and waste from our foreign assistance architecture.” He also praised Kenya for its role in leading and contributing to the international stabilization force working to combat powerful gangs in Haiti. WATCH: How USAID cuts are impacting the fight against HIV in Kenya “This cooperation framework is quite a departure from the past and will have a lasting impact on health for all,” said Ouma Oluga, Kenya’s principal secretary for medical services. by the end of the year, according to the officials, although two of the continent’s most populous nations — Nigeria and South Africa — are not expected to be among that group due to political differences with Trump, according to Lewin and Smith. Impact faced by to two African countries not expected to see such deals Sub-Saharan Africa’s battle against HIV might be set back years, experts warned, after the closing of USAID affected the President’s Emergency Plan for AIDS Relief, a bipartisan program launched by the administration of George W. Africa is the main focus for PEPFAR, and South Africa — which has the highest number of people living with HIV in the world — had relied on USAID and PEPFAR for more than $400 million a year in help to roll out life-saving antiretroviral drugs to some of its more than 5 million people receiving treatment. After stinging criticism that defunding PEPFAR would cost lives, the Trump administration moved to restore some help, including a $115 million grant for South Africa’s HIV program that should help fund it until at least March. The Nigerian health system had become fragile due to years of underinvestment, with the federal government budgeting an average of 4% to 5% of the national budget to health for its nearly 220 million people in one of the world’s fastest-growing populations.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/world/watch-live-trump-attends-final-2026-world-cup-draw-where-fifa-peace-prize-will-be-awarded
Article: WASHINGTON (AP) — The draw for the 2026 World Cup takes place Friday at the Kennedy Center, for the purpose of dividing the 48-team field into 12 groups of four. Pot 3 — Norway (29), Panama (30), Egypt (34), Algeria (35), Scotland (36), Paraguay (39), Tunisia (40), Ivory Coast (42), Uzbekistan (60), Qatar (51), Saudi Arabia (60), South Africa (61). Pot 4 — Jordan (66), Cape Verde (68), Ghana (72), Curaçao (82), Haiti (84), New Zealand (86), UEFA Playoff A, UEFA Playoff B, UEFA Playoff C, UEFA Playoff D, FIFA Playoff 1, FIFA Playoff 2. Also, the top four teams in the FIFA ranking — Spain, Argentina, France and England — will be drawn in such a way that, should they win their groups, they would not face each other before the semifinals. UEFA Playoff B will be contested by Ukraine, Sweden, Poland and Albania, UEFA Playoff C by Turkey, Romania, Slovakia and Kosovo, and UEFA Playoff D by Denmark, North Macedonia, the Czech Republic and Ireland. (In a couple quirks of global soccer, Suriname plays in CONCACAF and Australia plays in the AFC — but New Zealand is part of the OFC.) Possible groups Although the pots are largely in descending order of FIFA ranking, there’s still plenty of potential variance in how challenging a group might be, especially since pot 4 could yield either a traditional power like Italy or a World Cup newcomer like Curaçao.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/health/watch-live-rfks-cdc-panel-expected-to-vote-on-hepatitis-b-shot-for-newborns-after-delaying
Article: The Advisory Committee on Immunization Practices, meeting in Atlanta, voted to delay the decision until Friday after committee members voiced confusion about voting language — and some voiced concern about taking such a step. READ MORE: CDC ‘vaccine safety’ webpage changed to contradict scientific conclusion that vaccines don’t cause autism Committee member Vicky Pebsworth said a work group was tasked in September with evaluating whether a birth dose is necessary when mothers tested negative for hepatitis B. Here’s what you should know Kennedy, a leading anti-vaccine activist before he became the nation’s top health official, fired the entire 17-member panel earlier this year and replaced it with a group that includes several anti-vaccine voices. At a June meeting, it recommended that a preservative called thimerosal be removed from doses of flu vaccine even though some members acknowledged there was no proof it was causing harm. has undercut vaccine confidence as health secretary Several doctors groups said the changes were not based on good evidence, and advised doctors and patients to follow guidance that was previously in place. Goldman, president of the American College of Physicians, commented during the meeting, calling it “political theater” and adding that “you are basing this on concerns of individuals who don’t want the vaccine.” Some committee members argued that safety studies in the past were limited and it’s possible that larger additional studies could uncover a problem with the birth dose. Cody Meissner — saw no documented evidence of harm from the birth doses and wondered whether the concern behind the discussion is just, as Hibbeln said, “speculation.” READ MORE: How RFK Jr.’s hand-picked CDC advisory panel voted on COVID vaccines and more Hepatitis B is a serious liver infection that, for most people, lasts less than six months. She also co-authored a 2021 article in the Journal of Autism and Developmental Disorders that the publication retracted after concerns were raised about the paper’s methodology and about nondisclosed ties between the authors and anti-vaccine groups. WATCH: Colorado aims to protect vaccine access as Trump administration casts doubt on safety In the past, committee meetings have relied on presentations by the CDC scientists involved in tracking vaccine-preventable diseases and assessing vaccine safety. They are not protecting children.” The current guidance advises a dose within 24 hours of birth for all medically stable infants who weigh at least 4.4 pounds (2 kilograms), plus follow-up shots to be given at about 1 month and 6 months. The committee is expected to vote on language that says when a family decides not to get a birth dose, then the vaccination series should begin when the child is 2 months old.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/politics/watch-johnson-holds-ceremonial-swearing-in-for-tennessee-rep-elect-matt-van-epps
Article: “America’s strength comes from our enduring belief that freedom is worth fighting for and from our commitment to protect and empower the hard-working families who make the American dream possible,” he said. “I come to this distinguished body as a Christian, a husband and a father and an Army special operations helicopter pilot with nine combat tours who has seen firsthand what makes this nation exceptional,” Van Epps said in his first floor speech. WASHINGTON (AP) — Republican Matt Van Epps of Tennessee was sworn Thursday as the newest House member, two days after winning a closely watched special election that helped maintain his party’s slim grip on power. They sent me here to deliver, and that is exactly what I intend to do.” Van Epps was accompanied by his wife, Meg Wrather, and their daughter, Amelia, as he took the oath of office from Speaker Mike Johnson, R-La., on the House floor. “I have not seen that before.” READ MORE: 3 reasons to watch Tennessee’s special election The swift seating of Van Epps bolstered the GOP’s narrow majority at a time when talk of resignations has been swirling. WATCH: Rep.-Elect Adelita Grijalva is sworn in, 7 weeks after election, teeing up Epstein vote Van Epps is a West Point graduate and former state general services commissioner from Nashville.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/world/putin-says-there-are-points-in-the-u-s-proposal-on-ukraine-war-that-he-cant-agree-with
Article: Trump’s special envoy, Steve Witkoff, and son-in-law Jared Kushner are expected to meet later Thursday with the Ukrainian delegation led by Rustem Umerov following the Americans’ discussions with Putin at the Kremlin. But the effort has once again run into demands that are hard to reconcile, especially over whether Ukraine must give up land to Russia and how it can be kept safe from any future aggression by Moscow. Speaking to the India Today TV channel before he landed Thursday in New Delhi for a state visit, Putin said the American proposals discussed at the Kremlin meeting were based on earlier discussions between Russia and the U.S., including his meeting with Trump in Alaska in August, but also included new elements. READ MORE: Putin accuses Europeans of sabotaging U.S.-led peace efforts in Ukraine “We had to go through practically every point, which is why it took so much time,” he said. Sometimes we said, ‘Yes, we can discuss this, but with that one we cannot agree.’” Trump said Wednesday that Witkoff and Kushner came away from the marathon session confident that Putin wants to find an end to the war. The Russian leader praised Trump’s peace efforts, noting that “achieving consensus among conflicting parties is no easy task.” “To say now what exactly doesn’t suit us or where we could possibly agree seems premature, since it might disrupt the very mode of operation that President Trump is trying to establish,” Putin said. READ MORE: As Russia and Ukraine mull Trump’s peace proposal, land and security seen as main sticking points He emphasized that Russia will fulfill the goals it set and take all of the eastern Donetsk region. Xi, whose country has provided strong diplomatic support for Putin, did not say respond to France’s call, but said that “China supports all efforts that work towards peace.” Russian barrages of civilian areas of Ukraine continued overnight into Thursday.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/politics/trumps-immigration-message-collides-with-his-welcome-to-world-cup-fans
Article: WASHINGTON (AP) — President Donald Trump will take center stage at Friday’s World Cup draw in Washington, rolling out the welcome mat for teams and fans from around the globe at a time when his administration is expanding restrictions on travel to the United States for people from 19 countries and he has hardened his rhetoric against immigrants. The administration is betting that its push to expedite visa processing for visitors and the excitement about the matchups for next summer’s tournament — hosted by the United States, Canada and Mexico — will outweigh concerns that Trump’s immigration messaging undercuts the theme of global unity that the World Cup is meant to represent. The Republican president is also overseeing the signing a peace agreement between Rwanda and Congo on Thursday at an event with leaders from a host of foreign countries and he is expected to be honored for his peacemaking efforts by FIFA, international soccer’s governing body, during the World Cup draw. “The Cup is supposed to be a moment when the world comes together, puts aside the differences to celebrate sport, and while it symbolizes the world coming together, you have a president of the United States who is trying to keep the world out, to keep people out,” said Sen. But Andrew Giuliani, the executive director of the White House FIFA task force, told foreign reporters Wednesday that “there is a fictional narrative out there that the president is not welcoming to foreigners to come into the United States” and he dismissed concerns about Trump’s rhetoric. Homeland Security Secretary Kristi Noem said Monday that she plans to recommend a “full travel ban on every damn country that’s been flooding our nation with killers, leeches, and entitlement junkies.” The restrictions have ensnared two countries that have qualified for the quadrennial tournament — Iran and Haiti. READ MORE: FIFA to award new peace prize at World Cup draw in Washington The ban includes exceptions for World Cup athletes, coaches, “persons performing a necessary support role” and their immediate relatives. Federation spokesman Amir-Mahdi Alavi told YJC.ir, a news agency affiliated with Iran’s state TV, on Wednesday that Ghalenoei’s attendance was purely technical and did not amount to walking back the federation’s protest. “Every single decision is a national security decision.” The visa denials came despite assurances earlier this year by Gianni Infantino, the FIFA president who has close ties to Trump and is a frequent White House visitor. In October, he told reporters at a European Football Clubs assembly in Rome that “there will be no issues with regard to visas obviously for the participating teams and delegations and so on. And we are working on something for fans, hopefully some good news will come out very soon.” A World Cup balancing act The White House has emphasized it is pouring resources to expedite visa processing elsewhere for fans coming to 48-nation tournament, with the majority of the matches held across 11 U.S. Darin LaHood, who has participated in multiple FIFA task force meetings at the White House this year and is one of Capitol Hill’s most avid soccer fans, pointed to shortened visa wait times as proof of the administration “wanting to make this work and wanting people to come here.” “I think sports and the World Cup transcends politics,” said LaHood R-Ill.

Link: https://www.washingtonpost.com/nation/2025/12/04/minneapolis-somali-trump-ice/
Article: Immigration activists and lawyers say Somali residents have been pulled over, asked for their passports and detained by masked Immigration and Customs Enforcement agents this week after President Donald Trump called the state’s Somali immigrants “garbage” that should go back to Somalia. “I have been getting calls all day and night from people who should not be at risk,” said Cameron Geibnik, a Minneapolis immigration attorney who described talking to naturalized citizens or permanent residents fearful of being detained. On Thursday afternoon, the Department of Homeland Security said in a press release that it had arrested at least a dozen people in Minneapolis, naming five Somali immigrants who it said are accused of assault, domestic violence, driving under the influence and fraud, among other crimes. Dieu Do, a community organizer with the Minnesota Immigrant Rights Action Committee, said at least 30 people had contacted their group Wednesday reporting that they had been stopped by immigration officers in their cars, at bus stops or on the street, or visited at their homes. The Trump administration also launched a new immigration enforcement operation in New Orleans this week, part of multiple sweeps across the country, including Los Angeles, Washington and Chicago, resulting in thousands of arrests, legal challenges and protests. Most recently, Trump’s tirades have been directed at reports of extensive fraud in Minnesota’s social services system, in which dozens of Somali individuals are accused of stealing millions in government funds. He has also said that he would end the temporary protected status held by a relatively small group of Somali migrants living in Minnesota, which the Immigration Law Center of Minnesota estimates to be about 700 people. But Trump’s antipathy toward the Somali community in Minneapolis dates back to at least 2016, when he pointed to a mall stabbing rampage in the region carried out by a Somali immigrant as part of a bigger problem. “Here in Minnesota, you’ve seen firsthand the problems caused with faulty refugee vetting, with large numbers of Somali refugees coming into your state without your knowledge, without your support or approval,” Trump said during a 2016 campaign stop. About 40 percent of Somalis in the United States live in the state, and nearly 90 percent of them are citizens either by birth or naturalization, said Jeffrey Passel, senior demographer at the Pew Research Center. Because they care about the neighbors and their friends, as well.” Mohamoud Mohamed, who has helped settle Somali refugees in the state for over 25 years, organized Somali voters for Trump during the 2024 election. In three Minneapolis neighborhoods with large East African populations, support for Democrat Kamala Harris fell significantly compared with support for Joe Biden in 2020, according to an analysis of precinct results by the Minnesota Star Tribune. “He was talking about illegal immigration, but 99 percent of the Somali community in Minnesota are fully legal.” The administration is unlikely to be able to remove many Somalis from the country, he said, but he is worried that the president’s words are endangering his community. “Next time I see him, I would like to ask Trump if he can provide for me a rocket to go to Mars because there is nowhere else I can go from here,” he said. Jaylani Hussein, executive director of the Minnesota chapter of the Council on American-Islamic Relations, who led the Abandon Harris campaign, said Republicans captured discontent in the Somali community, many of whom are Muslim, over the war in Gaza. Faisal Deri, a member of the state Republican Party’s central committee, said the Somali community wasn’t interested in “political word games” and would continue to focus on the issues that mattered most, including supporting small businesses. “Those steady efforts will shape the future far more than any single comment ever could.” To avoid detention, “people are staying away, out of sight,” and his business has slowed considerably this week, said Dahir Mohamed, who runs a cafe in a popular mall in a Somali neighborhood. The operation in the Twin Cities appears to be more targeted than similar raids in places such as Chicago and Los Angeles, where immigration officials cast a wide net, said Hussein, who came to the country as a refugee with his family in 1993. “They’re going to realize that they’re approaching people who are citizens, which is why we’re mostly concerned for the other folks who live in the proximity.” Hassan Hassan, who is a U.S.

Link: https://www.washingtonpost.com/nation/2025/11/20/alamo-kate-rogers-trump/
Article: Rogers said she wasn’t involved with crafting the social media posts but offered to resign after being told during a board meeting of the Alamo Trust that “someone is going to have to pay.” The nonprofit’s board instead voted to terminate the communications director. “Personally, I would love to see the Alamo become a beacon for historical reconciliation and a place that brings people together versus tearing them apart, but politically that may not be possible at this time,” she wrote on Page 80. Rogers’s ouster is just the latest battle to engulf the effort to build a museum at the 300-year-old former Spanish mission, the site of the most iconic battle of Texas independence. Forcing her to resign for what she wrote in her dissertation was a violation of her free speech rights, according to the lawsuit filed in federal court in the Western District of Texas. Rogers, a registered Republican, said she had enjoyed navigating the political tightrope between local Democrats and state Republicans, who each are funding the Alamo project but have very different visions for the site’s future. In addition to restoring the church and convent, the project includes a new 100,000-square-foot visitor center and museum — decked with a 4D theater — and a new rooftop restaurant across the street. But some historians argue that a significant number of those fighting for independence were motivated by a desire to preserve slavery, which had been banned in most of Mexico but was still legal in most of the United States. As head of the renovation project, Rogers said she tried to satisfy both Democrats who wanted the museum to tell a broader story about the political and racial dynamics that led to the battle and Republicans who wanted the renovation to focus on the 13-day siege. A Black member of the museum planning committee announced that she was “serving under protest” after the committee voted to approve a controversial statue of an enslaved man named Joe, who traveled to the Alamo with the White man who enslaved him. Several Black members of the committee complained that the statue, which showed Joe carrying a musket, falsely gave the impression that he was there fighting for Texas independence on his own accord. “I really believe strongly that all the work that was done while I was there paid homage to the defenders of the Alamo and held them up as the brave people that they were,” Rogers said. “We just tried to bring forward some of the stories of lesser known people who were also really important for the Alamo.” That balancing act was becoming increasingly difficult, she said, as discussions of America’s racial history became more politically tense. The Trump administration has ordered universities and government agencies to end diversity, equity and inclusion programs and cut funding to small archives and museums across the country dedicated to Black history. I think in this case, it’s quite apparent.” Rogers, who spent two decades in the private sector in San Antonio before joining the Alamo Trust, said she saw working for the nonprofit as an opportunity to help redefine the city’s and state’s relationship with their most-visited landmark. In a brief section describing her own biases and challenges as a researcher, she discussed her work at the Alamo and two new laws passed by the Republican-led legislature to curtail how slavery and other elements of history were taught in Texas classrooms. Patrick said in a letter to the Alamo Trust’s board that the views expressed in Rogers’s dissertation were “incompatible with the telling of the history of the battle of the Alamo.” The lieutenant governor and other state Republicans have emphasized the need to protect the Alamo renovation project from ideas like “critical race theory” — generally recognized as an academic framework that examines the role of race and racism in the crafting of American laws and social norms. In 2023, Buckingham campaigned on promises to protect the image of the Alamo as a “Shrine of Texas Liberty,” against what she called a left-wing attempt to rewrite the state’s history. He said she would “protect the great legacy of Texas,” including by defending the Alamo, “which, like all other amazing institutions, is under siege.” In her wrongful termination lawsuit, Rogers alleges that Buckingham’s office took great interest in the day-to-day operations at the Alamo, directing Rogers to give tours of the site to Buckingham’s family members and Trump Cabinet members. The Alamo Trust did not respond to requests to interview members of the board or the new CEO, former Texas secretary of state Esperanza “Hope” Andrade, about the future of the Alamo renovation. There are the facts of what happened, and we should present those, because museums are still considered very credible institutions by the American public — typically a lot more credible than elected officials.”

Link: https://www.washingtonpost.com/national-security/2025/12/04/navy-investigation-aircraft-carrier-truman-yemen/
Article: Navy on Thursday released its findings from four investigations scrutinizing the significant challenges encountered by one of its aircraft carrier groups over nine months in the Middle East, where several major accidents occurred as the ships battled Yemeni militants. The Truman carrier group departed its home port in Norfolk in September 2024 — and by the time it returned in May, the carrier itself had collided with a merchant vessel; its cruiser had shot down one of its fighter jets, another warplane was lost when it slid overboard as the carrier performed an evasive maneuver to dodge an incoming missile; and a third jet was lost when an arresting cable failed as the pilot attempted to land. James Kilby said in a statement, and will continue “to assess our tactics, training, and procedures across all echelons to ensure we learn from these incidents.” Investigators concluded the fourth incident — in which a parked F/A-18 Super Hornet slid off the Truman’s hangar bay as the ship attempted to evade incoming fire from Houthi fighters in Yemen — could not have been foreseen. The Truman spent 52 consecutive days conducting strikes against the Houthis, who, armed with a vast arsenal of Iranian-supplied weapons, waged a months-long campaign targeting commercial and military ships transiting the Red Sea. The Houthi attacks, which the group said it had undertaken in solidarity with besieged Palestinians in the Gaza Strip, all but stopped the flow of shipping through the vital waterway, prompting the Biden administration at first — and later the Trump administration — to take military action. As the sustained U.S.-led bombing campaign targeted missile launch sites and weapons storage facilities in Yemen, the Truman and its accompanying warships regularly took incoming fire from missiles and one-way attack drones. “While combat and operations tempo had a role, the erosion of standards occurred well before,” the Navy found in that accident, concluding “the operating environment simply became an excuse for standards to erode further.” The friendly-fire incident occurred Dec. At the time of that mishap, the carrier’s air wing had launched strikes against positions in Yemen, and the Houthis responded by launching anti-ship cruise missiles and one-way attack drones back that the Truman’s protective cruiser, the USS Gettysburg, spent “several hours” shooting down, investigators found. Key sensors were found to be deficient, too, the Navy found, creating “an increased risk of fratricide.” The ship’s watch standers, insufficiently trained and facing extreme fatigue, were another liability, investigators determined. Just before midnight, despite having an incomplete picture of the battlespace due to the deficient sensors, the Gettysburg fired at what the crew thought were more incoming anti-ship cruise missiles that instead were actually two Super Hornets returning to the carrier, the report says. The ship’s crews told investigators they were getting as little as two to four hours of sleep between watches, describing the ship’s culture as “just get it done.” In that incident, as the Truman was approaching the Suez Canal, it did not cut speed despite other maritime traffic in the area, the report says. Instead, as the Truman closed in on the Besiktas, deck officers who were worried about the Truman’s speed did not voice their concerns to any of the ship’s senior officers, investigators found.

Link: https://www.washingtonpost.com/lifestyle/2025/12/04/kellenberg-memorial-high-school-animals/
Article: “They guard against fear, depression and anxiety.” Students line up outside offices to pet the dogs between classes — especially before and after lunch and at the end of the day. It just helps to get their mind off their troubles.” Amelia Campbell is nearly midway through her senior year, meaning she has a lot on her plate: finishing college applications, keeping up her grades and spending her free time in extracurricular activities like the speech and debate team and the drama club. When Campbell gets overwhelmed during the school day, she goes to find Matthias, a Yorkshire terrier whom she became close with when he roamed her church history classroom two years ago. “But being able to take a break in your day and walk around with the dogs always makes you feel a bit better.” The Uniondale, New York, school opened in 1987 under the Marianist order, a Roman Catholic congregation. When Conor Stanton, a junior at Kellenberg Memorial, began attending the middle school in seventh grade, he saw Hoagland standing outside the entrance on the first day with his Samoyed, Beato. To ensure Magnus was comfortable around people, Hoagland said he walked the puppy across campus near the start of the school year to meet some of the roughly 2,500 students attending the high and middle schools. Tara O’Donoghue, who graduated from Kellenberg Memorial in 2006 and is now a spokeswoman for the school, said that while some animals have come and gone in the past few decades, their calming effects on students have remained.

Link: https://www.washingtonpost.com/nation/2025/12/04/whale-oregon-tribe-harvest/
Article: “To be able to witness our tribal members do something that hasn’t been done for generations, and that they were able to revive — and we’re still learning, of course — that part of our tradition … thinking about that is overwhelming,” Norton said. Then they could access the back side of the whale to take samples, and it was made easier for them to get in — the blubber is already off.” The Siletz also taught the necropsy team certain techniques, Norton said. “It was honestly the best day I’ve had at the lab.” “How many people get to be next to one of the great whales, a really iconic species?” Williams said. “It was a once-in-a-lifetime experience from a science and cultural standpoint.” The tribe received help from a construction company that volunteered its tools — the company’s mini excavator helped detach the whale’s head from its body. The parts you aren’t going to use go back to nature, and nature handles that.” About 9:30 p.m., the Siletz loaded the rest of the whale onto a piece of construction equipment for transport to their reservation.

Link: https://www.washingtonpost.com/nation/2025/12/03/illinois-vaccines-jb-pritzker-rfk-jr/
Article: Illinois is among several Democratic-led states developing their own systems to assess vaccines, an attempt to address warnings by some public health officials that the Trump administration has politicized vaccine science. Speaking Tuesday at the news conference where he signed the measure, Pritzker said it was necessary to protect Illinois residents as “conspiracy theories and dangerous misinformation about vaccines are running around Washington.” Department of Health and Human Services spokesperson Andrew Nixon said Wednesday that it was Pritzker and other Democratic leaders who “destroyed public trust in public health and should not be guiding policy.” “The Trump Administration and Secretary Kennedy are rebuilding that trust by grounding every policy in rigorous evidence and Gold Standard Science — not the failed politics of the pandemic,” Nixon said in a statement. The law will give the Illinois public health department the power to issue vaccine guidance based on advice from its own expert advisory committee, breaking from the tradition of following the recommendations from the CDC’s Advisory Committee on Immunization Practices. vaccine policies have prompted states to band together to figure out how to respond to federal public health initiatives and offer immunizations if they are no longer recommended by the CDC and its advisers. These actions allow Illinois to diverge from the federal guidance if health agencies act against long-held public health standards, said Kevin Griffis, spokesperson for the Vaccine Integrity Project, a coalition of health insurers, vaccine makers and other groups that are also exploring alternative methods to protect long-standing immunization practices. “That’s what a lot of states are confronting right now, and they’re trying to figure out: ‘How do we maintain a system that’s based in data and not ideology?’” Griffis said. On Tuesday, Pritzker called the administration’s public health actions another effort to “pull the rug out from under American families.” Illinois lawmakers approved their new measure, which was first introduced late last year, on party-line votes.

Link: https://www.washingtonpost.com/podcasts/post-reports/the-rise-of-border-patrol-in-us-cities/
Article: Host Elahe Izadi speaks with immigration reporter Marianne LeVine about the deep reporting she and other Post reporters did in Chicago, what they uncovered about who is being arrested, and what Operation Midway Blitz can tell us about this new era of immigration enforcement.

Link: https://www.washingtonpost.com/nation/2025/12/03/brian-walshe-ana-internet-history-murder-charges-trial/
Article: A Massachusetts man on trial over his wife’s death conducted several grim online search queries following her disappearance, including “how to dismember a body,” “hacksaw the best tool for dismembering a body” and “how long before a body starts to smell,” prosecutors said. Walshe has denied the first-degree murder charge, and his defense attorney Larry Tipton argued in court that his client found his wife dead in their bed shortly after celebrating New Year’s Eve together, in what he described as a “sudden unexplained death.” Tipton said Walshe had conducted a “frantic and tragic search” online “as he wrestled with the fact that Ana Walshe was dead.” Walshe “never killed Ana” but he started “panicking” upon finding his wife’s body and subsequently lied to investigators to protect their three sons, Tipton said, adding that the couple had a loving relationship and had been planning their future together. 1, Walshe’s devices were used to input a string of queries including “how long does DNA last,” “is it possible to clean DNA off a knife” and “can I use bleach to clean my wood floors from blood stains,” Massachusetts State Trooper Nicholas Guarino told the court on Tuesday.

Link: https://www.washingtonpost.com/lifestyle/2025/12/03/rheumatic-fever-heart-surgery-ethiopia/
Article: He went to her bedside at Emory University Hospital in Atlanta and spoke to her in Amharic, explaining he would be running the machine that would function as her heart and lungs during the surgery. “I saw this young, short White man with a stethoscope hanging around his neck,” Mesfin said of Hodes, who lives in Ethiopia and helps patients with rheumatic heart disease and spine problems. “He was joking with the kids and joking with the patients.” Hodes, Mesfin learned, is known for saving thousands of lives in Ethiopia, often finding creative ways to fund treatment for the poorest and sickest patients. “This is as large a family as I had back in Ethiopia.” ‘A second life’ As a teenager at school in Atlanta, Mesfin studied hard to improve his English and quickly caught up to his peers. He trained to be a cardiac perfusionist at the Texas Heart Institute and eventually got a job at the Mayo Clinic in Minnesota, where his wife now works, too, as a cardiac sonographer. “For him to be able to pay back to his community services that he received in the United States, and he was able to pay it back in Ethiopia.” Kauten said that in addition to being a skilled perfusionist, Mesfin acts as an interpreter for the Ethiopian and American health care workers, and helps the team with a sense of cohesion.

Link: https://www.washingtonpost.com/investigations/2025/12/03/veterans-administration-va-hospitals-health/
Article: On the eve of a major expansion, a multibillion-dollar project to upgrade the computer systems of all Department of Veterans Affairs hospitals is beset with problems, according to some medical staff who already use it. Mike Faught, a case manager at Mann-Grandstaff VA Medical Center in Spokane, Washington, said he lost access to his patients’ records for two days after a software update in August. “Every time there’s an update, there are unintended consequences.” The program launched in 2018 to replace the aging computer system used across VA’s health care network, which serves more than 9 million veterans, with an off-the-shelf product that could handle many of the same tasks: organizing important information including appointments, referrals, prescriptions and patient histories. After the system went live in 2020 at Mann-Grandstaff, doctors and other users began flagging errors that caused delays in treatment and medication mix-ups, and grappling with a system that was routinely offline, according to documents and interviews. In 2023, VA disclosed pursuant to a Freedom of Information Act request that the new records system played a role in more than 4,400 cases of “known harms,” ranging from “minor” to “catastrophic.” VA has subsequently confirmed that those cases included six deaths. Officials say many of the problems have been addressed and they are on track to expand an improved version of the system to 13 additional medical centers and their affiliated clinics next year. “Obviously, if they didn’t have the infrastructure ready, we couldn’t go live.” Yet more than a dozen medical professionals at Mann-Grandstaff and five other VA hospital networks using the new system said in interviews that many problems that have plagued the rollout persist, slowing care and, in some cases, threatening patient safety. To examine the issue, The Post and The Spokesman-Review also reviewed VA records obtained through FOIA, copies of internal emails, conversations on employee message boards, congressional testimony, and reports from the VA Office of Inspector General and the Government Accountability Office. 5, doctors and pharmacists were informed that they should not use a tool in the system that verifies appropriate medication dosages, because “users cannot verify which content is correct.” The issue was first reported to VA eight weeks earlier, according to an email. “This is down, that’s down.” Another nurse who works at Mann-Grandstaff said she keeps a separate spreadsheet of upcoming appointments for her patients, because reminders have abruptly disappeared from the computer system. Overall, care for veterans deteriorated at the six hospital networks using the new system, according to findings of an internal VA study last year that was obtained by The Post and The Spokesman-Review. “Oracle is proud to be working with VA and the Trump administration to finish the EHR modernization project, so we can collectively deliver the world-class EHR this country’s veterans and the providers who care for them deserve,” Verma said, using the industry acronym for electronic health records. “Once complete, EHR will revolutionize the way VA works with the Department of War and Veterans to deliver care by improving customer service and convenience for our patients,” he said. “The Trump administration won’t repeat those same mistakes and is already moving quickly to accelerate deployment of the system and bring the project to completion as early as 2031.” Asked about the frequent alerts sent to staff, Kasperowicz called them “routine.” “None of the incidents you cite had any effect on patient care, and most were resolved within a few hours,” he said. A $33 billion project President Donald Trump launched the project to upgrade the health care records system early in his first term, after he made a campaign promise to modernize VA by “accelerating and expanding investments in state-of-the-art technology.” David Shulkin, the secretary at the time, announced that VA would negotiate a contract to buy the records system from Cerner without competitive bidding. At the time, Shulkin told lawmakers that the program would save billions and could be implemented at every VA medical facility — 170 medical centers and 1,193 outpatient care sites — within eight years. “This was one of the most significant and important decisions for the sustainability in the future of caring for veterans that I could imagine,” Shulkin said in a recent interview. “The implementation of this after I left was botched,” he said, adding that since he left in 2018 he has stayed in contact with VA medical staff who have experienced or observed the transition. At the congressional hearing in February, Carol Harris, a GAO director in the IT division, estimated the long-term costs of the program could be in the “hundreds of billions of dollars, potentially.” In Spokane at Mann-Grandstaff, clinicians eventually sent VA leadership roughly 200 pages of testimonials that detailed breakdowns impacting patient care. Wylie Veterans Outpatient Clinic in Columbus, Ohio, and associated facilities, a VA official told a House subcommittee that staff in Ohio were “eager and well prepared.” Lawmakers were skeptical, but the official assured them that patients were not at risk. In an interview, Deb Wilson, then a primary care doctor at the Wylie clinic, said she used the new system to renew pain medication — morphine — for a patient. “This is just an untenable work environment.” A primary care doctor who uses the computer system in one of VA’s hospital networks said recently that when he renews prescriptions, the system sometimes records the wrong dose. “I now write out prescriptions to private pharmacies like old-school, on paper, because I don’t trust it.” The provider said that constant updates to the system and multiple steps required for simple tasks leave room for error. “I always tell patients I’m pounding a nail with a wrench.” Six dead, thousands harmed By VA’s own accounting, each of the six rollouts has been followed by reports of harm to veterans served by those hospital networks. In August, VA disclosed updated statistics gathered by the Veterans Health Administration’s National Center for Patient Safety, which reviews reports of potential patient harm from clinicians, noting that the new records system played a role in 4,601 cases of harm. VA medical staff are responsible for filing a detailed report when there has been an instance of patient harm, according to information VA provided in response to a FOIA request. The form includes a box that can be checked asking: “Is the event related to use of an electronic health record” and asks staff to specify which records system was used, including “Cerner and associated software.” A safety officer then evaluates the report to confirm the harm and its severity. Ten of the cases in the most recent statistics were classified as “catastrophic,” which VA defines as “death or major permanent loss of function.” Another 46 cases were classified as “major,” which is defined as “permanent lessening of bodily functioning.” VA classified the rest as either moderate or minor. In one “moderate” case, a patient was hospitalized with an acute worsening of congestive heart failure after the software incorrectly classified the patient’s heart medication, causing it to not be refilled, according to what VA officials told Congress. Ross Koppel, a professor of biomedical informatics at the University of Pennsylvania’s Perelman School of Medicine, said transitioning to a new health records system creates safety risks but VA’s project is unprecedented in its scale and stakes. “And in the case of the VA, we know from studying some of the individual cases that it was particularly perilous.” In late 2022, months after the Columbus launch, VA notified more than 70,000 veterans that flaws in the system may have delayed their treatment. “We’ve looked into these concerns and found that more than 99 percent of them resulted in no actual harm to veterans and instead were the result of instructions from EHR leaders to aggressively flag every potential issue,” he replied in an email. The new records system for the Columbus-area VA clinic he visited failed to add his name to a no-show list that would have triggered a routine attempt to reschedule and check his well-being. A second death involved a system error that delayed antibiotics for 77-year-old Raymond Sands, who had been diagnosed with metastatic lung cancer, according to VA documents, military records, interviews with his family, and medical records they provided to The Post and The Spokesman-Review. But the pharmacy employee, relying on the new VA records system, had given her incorrect information, according to an email by VA’s chief pharmacist for the Columbus area that summarizes what went wrong. “We have been made aware, that a change in our electronic health record system contributed to a delay in processing a prescription,” the chief of staff of VA’s Central Ohio health care system wrote to Cheri Sands. “This delay in his care is not acceptable to the leadership of this organization.” After an investigation, VA later classified the delay in ordering his antibiotics as “catastrophic.” In the email written within days of Sands’s death, the chief pharmacist in Columbus said the system error that conveyed an “erroneous USPS tracking number” had been reported more than once to Cerner before the tragic turn in Columbus, but it had not yet been fixed. According to two VA employees familiar with the problem, who spoke on the condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to comment, the software problem was fixed within weeks of Sands’s death. Cheri Sands said the error didn’t cause her husband’s cancer, but “VA failed on the prescription.” Had they not, “it might have given us more time.” A rollout with risk In February, at the most recent congressional oversight hearing focused on the new EHR system, lawmakers were given two very different pictures of the program in determining whether it was ready for use across VA. Neil Evans, VA’s official now in charge of implementing the new system, assured lawmakers that the version they plan to roll out next year is “entirely different” from the one deployed at sites in 2020 and 2022. But they said VA will deploy essentially the same system that it has at Mann-Grandstaff and the five other networks to the hospitals and clinics in Michigan, Ohio, Indiana, Kentucky and Alaska. At the same February hearing, David Case, then the acting inspector general, also said VA had fixed some computer flaws, but others — like the system’s management of schedule changes and missed appointments — had persisted. Three VA administrators, who observed the most recent EHR expansion in March 2024 at the Lovell Federal Health Care Center in North Chicago, said that VA had to bolster staff to make the system work for its pharmacy operations or for managing clinical trials. Between the system’s launch in March 2024 and August of this year, VA logged 48 safety events at Lovell in which the records system played a role, according to National Center for Patient Safety statistics obtained through FOIA. 30 after serving since November 2024 as the chief operating officer for VA’s Veterans Health Administration, said in an interview that he warned the program’s leaders that moving forward too quickly could make it harder to identify and fix problems that arise at one hospital before deploying at the next. “You’re taking a risk by going quickly with this new process.” Kasperowicz, the VA spokesman, said the agency plans to hire 400 people in 2026 to support the system expansion. “He has learned from some of the missteps in the past, that that type of local ownership and engagement must occur, and he’s empowering them to do that,” Shulkin said. Winters, who retired in July as a nurse at Mann-Grandstaff in Spokane, said that at the beginning he was optimistic about the project and its potential to improve health care for veterans. “As I retire, I’m worried about government spending, and it just seems like now we’re throwing good money at what is, at best, a mediocre product.” Many providers interviewed said that data entered into the system sometimes disappears and other times alerts them with incorrect information. Rachael Orozco, who resigned in early October from her position as a primary care doctor at White City VA Medical Center in Oregon, said she saw some improvements — such as the addition of a messaging function — but the new system continued to slow care. But after three years using the new computer system, she said she and her colleagues were “just barely able to see about 10.” She said problems that she or her colleagues reported early still had not been fixed at the time of her resignation.

Link: https://www.nytimes.com/video/world/middleeast/100000010510485/israel-draft-idf-ultra-orthodox-jews.html
Article: “We all need to share the same rights and same burdens.” Like many other non-Haredi Jewish Israelis, Liat Weiss Shahaf is frustrated by how few of the ultra-Orthodox have enlisted so far. “For us, for an Israeli to send their child to the army is kind of complex feeling, because we believe that this is our circle of security and this is the army of the people. Everyone should serve, and they are not doing that, so it’s a kind of feeling of betrayal.” Young Haredi students are gathering tonight to hear from Yehuda Bloy, the leader of Am Kadosh.

Link: https://www.nytimes.com/video/world/africa/100000010533601/whats-really-going-on-with-crime-in-south-africa.html
Article: What’s Really Going On With Crime in South Africa Police statistics in South Africa dispute President Trump’s claim that Afrikaners are being targeted in a genocide, but the high murder rate includes victims of all backgrounds.

Link: https://www.nytimes.com/video/world/africa/100000010500087/recycling-lead-for-us-car-batteries-is-poisoning-people.html
Article: Will Fitzgibbon, a reporter at The Examination, describes how children in Nigeria developed lead levels associated with lifelong brain damage, and how factory workers told us they were coughing up black dust.

Link: https://www.nytimes.com/video/business/small-business/100000010283073/blue-cheese-stilton-tariffs-america.html
Article: Eshe Nelson, a business reporter for The New York Times, went to Clawson Farms, the producer of the award-winning Stilton, which is trying to expand its business in the United States, despite the higher costs imposed by the Trump administration’s tariff policy.

Link: https://feeds.texastribune.org/link/16799/17123567/texas-redistricting-congressional-map-texans
Article: Some experts said that by prioritizing partisan advantages, Texas Republicans’ proposed map — which could secure them around five more GOP seats — threatens the representation of Texans across the state by lumping together communities with different populations and geographies. Texans in cities have different needs than those living in the state’s rural areas; Gulf residents and people living more inland have different priorities; Texans in El Paso and those living near the wildfire-prone pine forests of Bastrop may want different things from their leaders. When a representative’s district covers multiple communities with wide-ranging needs, it’s difficult for elected officials to focus on the issues that matter the most to each one of them, said Álvaro Corral, an assistant professor of political science at the University of Texas Rio Grande Valley. “I think that’s … the keyword — this … recognizability of a coherent, cogent community that has shared interests … starts to wither away.” That can make it harder for voters in Texas cities, suburbs, rural regions and different geographic areas to have their voices heard, experts said. “If you’ve got a constituency that’s too wide and too different, then it makes it nearly impossible for that member to truly reflect those interests,” said Brandon Rottinghaus, a political science professor at the University of Houston. The Voting Rights Act in some cases has protected the creation of “minority-majority districts” — districts where most residents belong to a racial group that has been historically underrepresented, such as Black or Latino voters — to avoid diluting their vote. Texas’ maps, including the existing congressional maps drawn in 2021, have faced lawsuits over Voting Rights Act violations, and Texas Democrats have argued the blocked maps would further hurt Black and Latino voters in regions such as Houston and the Rio Grande Valley. Matt Shaheen of Plano, has argued online that the blocked maps would give Latinos, who have become less decisively Democratic in parts of Texas like the Rio Grande Valley, more power to shape elections. “And Texas has some of the lowest voter turnout of all 50 states.” Urban and rural differences In the past, congressional districts could often be clearly recognized as either rural or urban districts with different needs, Corral said. Under the new maps proposed by Republicans, which have now been blocked, some districts that once primarily represented cities and suburbs that often swing Democratic would be broken up and stitched to large rural areas, effectively handing rural GOP primary voters more control over who represents some of the state’s largest cities. Respecting existing community markers such as city lines can help produce more neutral maps, even in populous cities that may require more than one district, said Jonathan Cervas, an assistant teaching professor at Carnegie Mellon who was appointed by a New York state court to redraw New York’s congressional map after it was found to be partisan. “If you’re drawing a neutral map, you might try to keep large parts of Austin into a single district, with the idea that Austin has its own distinct features, its own communities and that by keeping them together, you enhance representation,” he said. For example, in the blocked maps the 10th Congressional District stretches more than 200 miles, encompassing more than a dozen mostly rural counties, including Trinity and San Jacinto, while cutting through a slice of Austin’s downtown area. Other portions of Travis County would be attached to the 11th District, which stretches all the way to Ector County near the Texas-New Mexico border, a span of more than 330 miles. While the Texas Coast faces the threat of flooding and property damage from hurricanes and storm surges, more inland parts of Texas, like pine-forested Bastrop, often need more water amid droughts and wildfires. Communities face specific local challenges even along the Texas Coast, from concerns about environmental damage amid SpaceX operations near Brownsville to fishermen’s worries about increasingly closed oyster harvest areas concentrated near Corpus Christi and Houston. “The wide swath of geography and diversity of people means that you’ve got so many different, often competing interests that make it hard for members to have to take a clear stand.” Border differences Texans along the U.S.-Mexico border also face unique issues, including concerns about the impact of tariffs on international trade and local jobs, the Trump administration’s stance on immigration, and border wall construction near homes and wildlife centers. Daniel Diaz, a member of the Rio Grande Valley grassroots organization La Unión del Pueblo Entero, said this is why it’s concerning that Texas’ maps have stuck border communities into districts that include areas that don’t share their experiences or priorities. In contrast, local officials in Goliad County — which is closer to San Antonio than it is to the border and would shift from the 27th District to the border-anchored 15th District under the redrawn map — have been keen on cooperating with ICE, Diaz said. “It’s such a weird combination of folks being put into this district.” Adding drainage infrastructure to unincorporated border communities, or colonias, to prevent flooding on roads and homes is also a key concern that Rio Grande Valley residents like Edith Cuevas worry will get lost amid redistricting. “For those concerns to be shown through people’s vote is a really big difference in our everyday lives,” said Cuevas, a co-founder of the Building Leaders and Organizing Our Movement (BLOOM) RGV, which focuses on youth civic engagement and voter registration. With so many different communities across Texas — and so many possible ways to draw boundaries between them — Cervas said there’s no one way to perfectly draw the state’s 38 congressional districts. “And when we gerrymander, we lose that ability, and it doesn’t matter whether it’s Democrats or Republicans or African Americans or Hispanics or even if it’s white voters, it doesn’t matter who is the one on the losing end. Samuel Wang, director of the Gerrymandering Project, said his team reviews past voting patterns and runs computer simulations of what fairer maps could look like, allowing them to gauge “when a map has favored party beyond any other consideration.” Wang’s team concluded that Texas’ current congressional maps were unfairly drawn and rated them with an F. Several states that have been found to have less partisan gerrymandering, such as Colorado and Michigan, redrew their maps through citizen commissions that had extensive public input and discussion, Wang said. So in states like Texas, Wang said redistricting can be “a weak point that can be exploited” and that “gives us the appearance of democracy without having actual democracy.” Disclosure: University of Texas – Rio Grande Valley has been financial supporters of The Texas Tribune, a nonprofit, nonpartisan news organization that is funded in part by donations from members, foundations and corporate sponsors.

Link: https://feeds.texastribune.org/link/16799/17135790/2025-texas-redistricting-maps
Article: See our AI policy , and give us feedback Texas lawmakers this summer redrew the state’s congressional districts in an unusual mid-decade redistricting effort pushed by President Donald Trump to gain more Republican seats in the U.S.

Link: https://feeds.texastribune.org/link/16799/17223429/texas-redistricting-map-us-supreme-court-2026-midterms
Article: President Donald Trump had pushed Texas to redraw its map over the summer, hoping to secure five additional GOP seats to shore up the party’s narrow majority in the U.S. The state asked the Supreme Court to overturn Brown’s ruling entirely, but that could take weeks or months to proceed through the court system, especially if the justices decide they want to hear arguments in Washington, D.C. The ruling said the lower court, under Brown, “improperly inserted itself into an active primary campaign, causing much confusion and upsetting the delicate federal-state balance in elections.” The new map, approved by the Texas Legislature and signed by Gov. Numerous Republican candidates have stepped forward to run in the newly favorable districts, while several Democratic incumbents were pushed into nearby districts already occupied by another Democrat, forcing them to contemplate primaries or retire. Attorney General Ken Paxton celebrated the ruling, saying it was a win for Texas and every conservative who is tired of watching the left try to upend the political system with bogus lawsuits.” Texas Democrats, meanwhile, condemned the outcome, with House Democratic Caucus Chair Rep. “This is what the end of the Voting Rights Act looks like: courts that won’t protect minority communities even when the evidence is staring them in the face,” Wu said. In her dissent, Supreme Court Justice Elena Kagan criticized the court for reversing Brown’s 160-page ruling “based on its perusal, over a holiday weekend, of a cold paper record.” “Today’s order disrespects the work of a District Court that did everything one could ask to carry out its charge,” Kagan wrote on behalf of the liberal justices.

Link: https://feeds.texastribune.org/link/16799/17223394/texas-gulf-coast-protection-ike-dike-engineering-contracts
Article: See our AI policy , and give us feedback The district charged with overseeing the construction of a massive set of gates across the mouth of Galveston Bay — known as the “Ike Dike” — announced this week that it has approved contracts with two global engineering firms to design the gates and a double set of dunes on either side of them. No dollar amount has been agreed on for the early design work, which will be done through “specific task orders” to follow, said a spokesperson for the Gulf Coast Protection District. The idea for the “Ike Dike” goes all the way back to 2008 when Hurricane Ike wrought devastating damage to Bolivar Peninsula after a deadly storm surge estimated between 15 and 20 feet tore through homes. Army Corps of Engineers and the Texas General Land Office spent years studying the idea, formally called the Coastal Texas Project, which grew to include numerous components but centered on an elaborate system of various types of gates stretching over the water. Army Corps of Engineers also said in 2023 that the total project cost could actually be much higher — up to $57 billion — because of inflation and other rising prices. And even with funding in place, the Corps has said that pre-construction design and engineering could take two to five years, and building it could take 10 to 15 more years on top of that. “This is a small step in a very big and long and expensive overall process but it is a step forward,” said Bob Stokes, president of the Galveston Bay Foundation, which has been awaiting a more detailed design to understand better what the environmental impacts of the project will be. “The Ike Dike’s immense costs and delayed timeline have left … communities along the coast without much-needed storm protection,” Kristen Schlemmer, senior legal director and waterkeeper for Bayou City Waterkeeper, said in a statement. “Instead of throwing more time and money into the Ike Dike, [the Gulf Coast Protection District] should redirect their energy toward an approach that favors smaller-scale protections that can be implemented on a faster timeline,” she added. “With this approach, Texas communities and ecosystems would both win, and the GCPD will have accomplished the difficult task of making us all safer before the next big storm.” Disclosure: The Texas General Land Office has been a financial supporter of The Texas Tribune, a nonprofit, nonpartisan news organization that is funded in part by donations from members, foundations and corporate sponsors.

Link: https://feeds.texastribune.org/link/16799/17219969/texas-senate-bill-8-bathroom-restrictions-law
Article: 4, Texas will implement Senate Bill 8 — also known as the Texas Women’s Privacy Act, or more commonly known as a “bathroom bill” — aimed at restricting transgender people’s access to certain restrooms in the state. Supporters of the law say it will create more secure private spaces, but opponents worry the law’s unclear guidance on how to enforce SB 8 will cause oversurveillance and public harassment. The law’s restrictions only apply to facilities owned and operated by political subdivisions and state agencies, which include the following: County and city buildings Agency buildings, like the Texas Department of Transportation Public schools and open-enrollment charter schools Public universities The law provides a few exemptions on when people are allowed into restrooms not matching their sex assigned at birth: Those entering to render emergency medical assistance to someone Workers or custodial staff cleaning the facilities, doing maintenance or performing inspections Law enforcement purposes Those accompanying someone who needs assistance using the facility Children aged 9 or younger who are accompanied by an adult Institutions are also allowed to have single-person facilities, like family bathrooms, that anyone can use. The law also creates two additional requirements: one for Texas Department of Criminal Justice prisons and another for family violence shelters that have contracts with the Health and Human Services Commission. TDCJ prisons must house inmates based on their sex assigned at birth, however a TDCJ spokesperson confirmed the agency already does so for the roughly 1,750 trans inmates in its facilities. SB 8 also mandates that shelters “designed specifically to provide services to female victims” can only serve those who are assigned female at birth, or children of victims aged 17 or younger. Molly Voyles, director of public policy for the Texas Council on Family Violence, said that because federal grant requirements for shelters require they serve people regardless of sex, SB 8 may not apply to any receiving those grants. “We certainly continue to analyze the bill, and impact and what our member agencies report to us, because they’re the ones who stand with survivors every day, who are fleeing,” Voyles said. “But our initial assessment is this law will not apply to many shelters at all, and that stays consistent to what we stated to lawmakers during session as well.” An HHSC spokesperson declined to answer questions about whether shelters receiving federal grants would be exempt under SB 8’s definition, but that “HHSC requires all grantees to comply with all applicable Texas and federal laws.” How will Senate Bill 8 be enforced? SB 8 does not include any specific guidance for institutions on how to enforce its restrictions on restrooms, except that they must take “every reasonable step” to ensure people are using facilities matching their sex assigned at birth. Some agencies have confirmed to The Texas Tribune they are in the process of creating policies, while others have said they do not plan on making changes because they already comply with the law’s requirements. The agency then has three days to “cure” the violation, which Orr said in an August House committee hearing could be done by adjusting policy or signage, before any investigation by the attorney general can begin.

Link: https://feeds.texastribune.org/link/16799/17222134/west-texas-odessa-water-system-upgrade
Article: See our AI policy , and give us feedback WEST ODESSA — When Paula Graham’s family moved here to chase the oil boom in the 1980s, this unincorporated portion of Ector County was scarcely populated. The one-time state investment offers another reminder that scores of Texans still lack access to running water — and the staggering costs local governments face building and maintaining those systems. “And lawmakers are taking a bigger interest in Texas’ water needs and their growing costs.” Perry Fowler, executive director of the Texas Water Infrastructure Network, acknowledged that many communities desperately need the money. “It’s not anybody’s loss, but if we’re doing this in the future, let’s have it go to the board.” Residents in West Odessa are hesitant to celebrate before they see any actual construction. “It would help the new people moving in.” Graham, who moved there in the 80s, has spent years worrying about whether her water well can take the pressure of all the new neighbors. Disclosure: Texas Water Foundation has been a financial supporter of The Texas Tribune, a nonprofit, nonpartisan news organization that is funded in part by donations from members, foundations and corporate sponsors.

Link: https://feeds.texastribune.org/link/16799/17222133/texas-immigrants-deportation-cases-habeas-corpus-detention
Article: They are part of a national wave of habeas corpus petitions that attorneys have launched over the past few months to counter the Trump administration’s efforts to keep migrants locked up and push them toward deportation. And in some cases, attorneys have referenced the Laken Riley Act, the first bill President Donald Trump signed into law this year that requires the detention of undocumented migrants accused of committing even minor crimes, to help argue for their clients’ release. This shift in legal strategy is a response to the federal government’s intensified immigration enforcement in the country’s interior — which followed Trump’s promises of mass deportations during his presidential campaign — and its directive in July expanding mandatory detention. The Board of Immigration Appeals affirmed this change in September, ending bond hearings in immigration courts for potentially millions of people — including those who have lived in the country for decades. As a result, attorneys have turned to federal courts, where they have filed more than 675 immigration-related habeas petitions in Texas alone between January and November, according to a Texas Tribune analysis of federal court records. “I’ve been following quite closely the expanded habeas litigation, and it is absolutely a real phenomenon,” said Denise Gilman, director of the Immigration Clinic at the University of Texas at Austin. Nationally, more than 200 judges overseeing more than 700 cases have ruled in favor of migrants who filed habeas petitions, Politico reported last week, while only eight judges have denied the petitions. The first group includes at least 12 judges in Texas, according to a tracker by the American Immigration Council and Kate Melloy Goettel, director of the University of Iowa’s Federal Impact Litigation Clinic. She also said the Trump administration is “fulfilling the American people’s mandate to deport dangerous illegal aliens at historic rates,” and called the habeas petitions “nothing more than a desperate Hail Mary attempt to keep illegal aliens in our community, even though they have no legal right to be here.” Meanwhile, a federal judge in California ruled against the Trump administration late last month in a case involving four people who were denied bond hearings after being detained in Los Angeles, despite having lived in the country for a long time. Rahimi has lived in San Antonio for over two decades after fleeing political persecution in Iran and entering the country illegally from Canada in 2003, according to his habeas petition. He has also become an active member of his church, doted on his 12-year-old daughter and worked as a professional caretaker, most recently helping a retired woman with transportation, cleaning and shopping. But on June 22, ICE agents detained Rahimi at his home and eventually took him to the South Texas ICE Processing Center in Pearsall, where he remains more than five months later. “What we heard was they’re going after criminals … My husband has [no criminal history], so why would they come and get him?” Brandi Rahimi holds a photo of her husband, Shahrokh Rahimi in their home in San Antonio on Dec. Salgu Wissmath for The Texas Tribune A search of Bexar County and federal court cases found no criminal records for Rahimi, beyond a 2023 speeding ticket that was dismissed after he completed a driver safety course. On Monday, an immigration judge again ordered Rahimi’s removal, but his wife said the block on deportation to Iran is still intact and his lawyers have appealed the judge’s decision. But if ICE’s interpretation is correct, why would Congress need to pass new legislation in order to require detention for a smaller group of undocumented immigrants who have also been accused of committing crimes? “ICE’s whole theory cannot be right if we assume that Congress passed the Laken Riley Act for a reason,” said Dan Gividen, an immigration attorney who previously worked in ICE’s Dallas office as deputy chief counsel. “Because without [undocumented immigrants] having a right to bond, there was no need for the Laken Riley Act.” DHS’s McLaughlin didn’t respond to the Tribune’s specific question about this argument. Gividen has in recent months filed more than 25 habeas petitions for detained migrants — including many who are represented by immigration lawyers who aren’t as familiar with this type of maneuver in federal courts. While many of those petitions remain pending, court records show that judges — both Democratic and Republican appointees — have so far recommended or ordered that migrants be released or provided bond hearings in eight lawsuits. Disclosure: Politico and University of Texas at Austin have been financial supporters of The Texas Tribune, a nonprofit, nonpartisan news organization that is funded in part by donations from members, foundations and corporate sponsors.

Link: https://feeds.texastribune.org/link/16799/17221631/cecile-erwin-young-retiring-texas-health-department
Article: Greg Abbott announced that he has appointed Muth to take over Texas Health and Human Services Commission after the agency’s current head Cecile Erwin Young announced her retirement this week. “This agency impacts every Texan, and I have been honored to serve the people of this state alongside our dedicated staff,” she said in a news release Young took the helm of the health and human services department with nearly 37,000 employees in August 2020, as it navigated the COVID-19 pandemic and ongoing criticism of its contracting procedures. Before taking over as head of the health agency, Young worked at several state agencies and began her work at the Health and Human Services Commission in the early 1990s after the Legislature created it. “Throughout her leadership at Texas Health and Human Services and her career as a public servant, she demonstrated her commitment to excellence and integrity, and remained focused on caring for Texans and helping them thrive,” he said in a news release.

Link: https://feeds.texastribune.org/link/16799/17221843/dan-patrick-donald-trump-baby-savings-accounts
Article: Dan Patrick on Wednesday proposed a state program to give every baby born in Texas $1,000 invested in the stock market, modeling the idea off a federal plan created as part of President Donald Trump’s tax and spending legislation. Patrick said on social media he would prioritize a measure during the 2027 legislative session to create the investment accounts, dubbed the “New Little Texan Savings Fund.” The program would invest $1,000 in public funding in the stock market for every baby born in Texas. “Creating state-run wealth accounts for every newborn violates key liberty principles: It expands government rather than limiting it, replaces personal responsibility with state dependency and undermines free enterprise by turning the state into an investor. Cruz celebrated the proposal, arguing that the Trump accounts would “create a whole new generation of capitalists invested in America’s success.” “I’m thrilled to see the Lone Star State and my good friend @DanPatrick taking this even further for Texas kids,” Cruz posted on social media.

Link: https://feeds.texastribune.org/link/16799/17221772/tribcast-child-care-vouchers
Article: See our AI policy , and give us feedback In this week’s episode, Matthew and Eleanor speak with K-12 education reporter Jaden Edison and early learning advocate David Feigen about the shortage of affordable child care in Texas.

Link: https://feeds.texastribune.org/link/16799/17221688/texas-trump-immigration-application-ban-19-countries
Article: See our AI policy , and give us feedback WASHINGTON — The Trump administration is pausing all immigration applications such as requests for green cards for people from 19 countries banned from travel earlier this year, as part of sweeping immigration changes in the wake of the shooting of two National Guard troops. The pause puts on hold a wide range of immigration-related decisions such as green card applications or naturalizations for immigrants from those 19 countries that the Trump administration has described as high-risk. The ban applied to citizens of Afghanistan, Myanmar, Chad, the Republic of Congo, Equatorial Guinea, Eritrea, Haiti, Iran, Libya, Somalia, Sudan and Yemen while the restricted access applied to people from Burundi, Cuba, Laos, Sierra Leone, Togo, Turkmenistan and Venezuela. The agency cited the shooting of two National Guard troops by a suspect who is an Afghan national as a reason for the pause and heightened scrutiny for people from those countries. “In light of identified concerns and the threat to the American people, USCIS has determined that a comprehensive re-review, potential interview, and re-interview of all aliens from high-risk countries of concern who entered the United States on or after January 20, 2021 is necessary,” the agency said. The agency said in the Tuesday memo that within 90 days it would create a prioritized list of immigrants for review and if necessary, referral to immigration enforcement or other law enforcement agencies. Last week, the director of USCIS said in a social media post that his agency would be reexamining green card applications for people from countries “of concern.” But the policy directive Tuesday goes further and lays out in more detail the scope of who will be affected.

Link: https://feeds.texastribune.org/link/16799/17221586/henry-cuellar-donald-trump-pardon-bribery
Article: In Trump’s pardon, shared Wednesday morning via Truth Social, the president said that the Democratic congressman had been punished by a weaponized Department of Justice under former president Joe Biden for speaking out against the administration’s border policy. Cuellar’s legal controversy began in 2022, during the Biden administration, when the FBI raided his home and office as part of a federal probe investigating the diplomatic practices of Azerbaijan. Cuellar and his wife were indicted by the Department of Justice in 2024 on 12 counts of bribery, conspiracy and money laundering centering the congressman’s alleged acceptance of nearly $600,000 in bribes from the Central Asian country and a Mexican commercial bank. Cuellar’s trial was set to begin in September, but a federal judge had moved the date to April — after the March primary but before what is set to be a competitive general election. President, God bless you, and God bless the United States of America.” The president, who himself faced numerous indictments after his first term, has pursued a spree of pardons and commutations since taking office again in January. 12 letter to him from Cuellar’s daughters requesting clemency for their parents and suggesting that their dad’s “independence and honesty” on border policy “may have contributed to how this case began.” “President Trump, you once publicly said that you believed the indictment was wrong — and later, at a White House picnic, you told me personally, as you pointed to my father, that he was a ‘good man’,” Catherine and Christina Cuellar wrote in their letter. “One of the clearest examples of this was when Crooked Joe used the FBI and DOJ to ‘take out’ a member of his own Party after Highly Respected Congressman Henry Cuellar bravely spoke out against Open Borders, and the Biden Border ‘Catastrophe.’” The longtime Laredo congressman, an institution in South Texas who has survived significant electoral challenges in both primaries and general elections, is one of Republicans’ top targets in 2026. Cuellar was already representing a seat that Trump had won by 7 percentage points; Texas Republicans aimed to make his reelection more difficult by redrawing his district to have favored Trump by 10 percentage points. One of the most moderate Democrats in the House and the only federally elected anti-abortion Democrat left in the party, Cuellar had survived every electoral challenge he had faced, including last cycle, as South Texas voters shifted right and his indictment was made public. This cycle, he is facing a serious Republican opponent — Webb County Judge Tano Tijerina, a former Democrat, who announced his candidacy Tuesday and noted that Cuellar was facing “serious federal corruption accusations that have shaken the trust of the people he is supposed to serve,” in a statement announcing his candidacy. I think the outcome was exactly the right outcome.” Jeffries will be a special guest at an upcoming virtual fundraiser Cuellar is hosting, according to a source familiar with the event. “That’s a very competitive district, and we’ll have a strong candidate in that district, and we’ll win, because we have a great record to run on.” Republicans in Texas and in Washington have routinely brought up Cuellar’s legal woes in their campaign against him.

Link: https://feeds.texastribune.org/link/16799/17221397/henry-cuellar-28th-congressional-district-2026-primary-gop-target
Article: Despite the legal cloud and Cuellar’s frequent defections from his party, many Democrats saw the durable congressman as the only candidate who could withstand a Republican challenger in his district, which President Donald Trump won by 7 percentage points in 2024. Ahead of next week’s filing deadline, Cuellar is looking at a second straight election without viable primary competition — a byproduct not only of the institutional support Cuellar has built over decades in Laredo Democratic politics, but also his party’s fear about holding onto the seat in a region that has shifted dramatically to the right. For some Democrats, Cuellar’s voting record — which includes votes opposing abortion access and restricting transgender athletes — is a positive, as is his seat on the powerful House Appropriations Committee. “He’s done a great deal for the district.” The National Republican Congressional Committee had been targeting Cuellar’s seat as a top pickup opportunity in 2026, and had viewed his indictment as an opportunity to flip the seat red. National Democrats have already started taking aim at Tijerina, promoting a complaint filed with federal election officials last month that alleges Tijerina has improperly kept his campaign “under the guise of an exploratory committee” because he wants to avoid triggering the Texas Constitution’s resign-to-run provision. A decade after he was elected as a Democrat to lead Webb County, Tijerina switched to the Republican Party last December, weeks after Trump narrowly carried the county — the first GOP presidential nominee to do so since 1912. Cuellar said he is able to win over independent voters and even some Republicans because they know he goes to Congress to “bring practical results,” rather than chase headlines or engage in partisan mudslinging. He was one of only six House Democrats to vote for the funding package to end the government shutdown last month, writing on social media that the deal funds essential services that families in South Texas rely on and gives Congress time to negotiate a deal to extend Affordable Care Act subsidies. University of Texas Rio Grande Valley political science professor Mark Kaswan said Cuellar has long been a thorn in the side of Democratic leadership, yet has demonstrated his ability to win reelection time and time again. Since the district leans conservative, Kaswan said, Democrats generally prefer a candidate who sometimes breaks with the party but is able to win, over one who toes the party line but might struggle to get elected. “He gets reelected because he does align fairly well with his district,” Kaswan said, noting that many voters there consider themselves “conservative Democrats.” District 28 currently covers a strip of South Texas that stretches from San Antonio to the U.S.-Mexico border, including Cuellar’s home base of Webb County. Under the redrawn congressional map Texas lawmakers approved earlier this year, the district adds voters in Hidalgo County and loses voters in the San Antonio area, bolstering its Republican base. Two of Cuellar’s siblings have held public office there, including his brother, Martin Cuellar, who has been Webb County sheriff for nearly as long as Cuellar has served in Congress. Though Cuellar already faced an indictment on charges of bribery and money laundering ahead of his 2024 reelection, national Republicans spent little on his race; Cuellar won by just 5.6 percentage points over a self-funded candidate who he outspent more than 3-to-1. Voters in South Texas are done with the excuses, and they’ll send him packing next November.” Jen Ramos, a State Democratic Executive Committee member, is among the progressives in the party who worried that Cuellar’s legal troubles would jeopardize control of his seat. Last spring, the Texas Democratic Party had planned to vote on a resolution authored by Ramos that would have condemned Cuellar for voting against the interests of the party and for his federal charges. “I don’t think Henry is that challenger anymore.” In the shadow of the 2022 FBI raid, Cuellar defeated a progressive primary challenger, Jessica Cisneros, by just a few hundred votes, after defeating her the cycle before by a 2-point margin. 8 filing deadline for primary candidates, a few other Democrats have stepped forward to run against Cuellar, including doctor and Army veteran Ricardo Villarreal, businessman Andrew Vantine and mental health professional Ryan Treviño. “Republicans would be wise to run a strong candidate because they definitely have a shot,” said Álvaro Corral, an assistant professor of political science at the University of Texas Rio Grande Valley. Disclosure: University of Texas – Rio Grande Valley has been a financial supporter of The Texas Tribune, a nonprofit, nonpartisan news organization that is funded in part by donations from members, foundations and corporate sponsors.

Link: https://feeds.texastribune.org/link/16799/17221373/texas-kerr-county-state-grants-flood-warning-system
Article: Three weeks after flash floods in Texas’ Hill Country killed more than 100 people, state lawmakers chastised Kerr County leaders for rejecting money a year earlier to create a warning system that could have alerted residents to rapidly rising water. Several lashed out as a Kerr official representing the local river authority tried to explain why it declined money from a $1.4 billion state fund to help guard against destructive flooding. Leaders from about 30 local governments that the news organizations spoke with said the state grants paid for so little of the total project costs that they simply could not move forward, even with the program’s offer to cover the rest through interest-free loans. Many hoped the state program would provide grants that paid the bulk of the costs, such as the ones from the Federal Emergency Management Agency, which typically supply at least 75%. It said the river authority could borrow the rest and repay it over the next three decades, but local officials were not sure they would be able to pay back the $950,000 — and failure to do so could carry state sanctions. The state offered $236,000 and required that the city conduct an engineering study that would have eaten up more than half of those grant funds, the city manager told the news organizations. The state also proposed giving the East Texas city of Kilgore a fraction of what Public Works Director Clay Evers had anticipated for a drainage study aimed at minimizing flooding. The city needed the money, Evers said, but the state’s offer required a far larger match than the council members had planned to set aside based on the federal grant system as a guide. “That is an incredibly difficult decision, and when the impossible, improbable, traumatic happens, how do you defend the decision you just made?” Several Texas leaders who created and oversaw the fund defended the program as a significant investment and said that local communities must also be willing to invest in flood warning and mitigation projects. The question then is, what are we going to do about it?” Moody and Darby said the state program merits a thorough review by lawmakers during the next legislative session in 2027. “It is a frustrating prospect that we have this program that’s designed to be important to help people’s lives, and the Legislature determined it to be a priority, and we put money in, and to find it still in the bank accounts, and not being deployed,” Darby said. Michael Cavazos for The Texas Tribune and ProPublica Too little for some Lawmakers in 2019 approved the Flood Infrastructure Fund, making Texas one of the few states in the country with a dedicated program to invest in helping cities and counties pay for flood prevention projects, experts said. Applicants seeking to qualify for grants must meet criteria that includes securing supplemental federal funding, showing that they have a median household income below the statewide average or meeting a narrow definition of a rural community that is more restrictive than the ones used by other Texas programs. While the agency had received some feedback from communities that felt the offer was too low to be a feasible avenue for them, spokesperson Kaci Woodrome said it was challenging to attribute their choice to turn down the money to a single root cause. Still, he said the fact that local governments, many of which were rural or had fewer than 20,000 residents, declined the state funding shows the board’s grant process likely needs to be reviewed. Without it, Evers had to rely on maps left by previous city officials in a green spiral notebook dated 1965 that kept him guessing which outdated pipes he needed to replace before they failed. Dozens of pipes had collapsed since 2018, when his office began tracking the destruction that creates sinkholes in residents’ yards, church property and, in the worst-case scenarios, the middle of busy roads. The chaos forced Evers to triage emergency funds to fix the most dangerous basketball-sized holes across the city, only for another to pop up in a citywide game of Whac-a-Mole. To stay in the running for the grant, the program required applicants to submit a separate lengthy application, which Evers said would have required him to hire a pricey consultant. “Our small town needs apparently pale in comparison to the other 200 projects ahead of us.” Evers points to a map showing the areas that were inundated during a 2016 flood. Michael Cavazos for The Texas Tribune and ProPublica Still waiting After stepping away from the state program, Evers searched for other funding sources as the need for a drainage study became more pressing. Tara Bushnoe, general manager of the Upper Guadalupe River Authority, which applied for and then declined funding from the state program, said in an email that the agency approved incrementally using money from its budget for a flood warning system, but having a complete system with all planned sirens to alert residents could take years. “But we could have gotten a lot of people out of the way if they had heard those sirens and went to higher ground, and that’s the best thing you can do, is try to save lives as a legislator.” This summer, lawmakers passed Bettencourt’s legislation that would provide $50 million for flood sirens in some Texas counties.

Link: https://feeds.texastribune.org/link/16799/17221189/camp-mystic-safety-plan-deadly-hill-country-flooding
Article: See our AI policy , and give us feedback The owners of an all-girls summer camp in the Texas Hill Country, where 25 campers and two teenage counselors died in catastrophic July 4 flooding, announced plans on Tuesday for new safety upgrades that will be in place when a portion of the camp opens next summer. “We are preparing for next summer at Camp Mystic Cypress Lake and we know that safety is of the utmost concern to all of you, as it is for us,” the Eastland family wrote in the letter to parents of Camp Mystic campers. “We thank the Heaven’s 27 families and our state leaders for passing legislation to help make camps safer, and it is our goal not only to be in compliance with the new camp safety laws, but to exceed their requirements.” The children and counselors who died have become known as “Heaven’s 27.” Camp Mystic’s owners include the wife and other family members of Dick Eastland, who also died in the flooding. “For many of your daughters, this return is not simple, but it is a courageous step in their healing journey.” The Eastland family announced in September that it planned to build a memorial for the girls who died in the flooding and to reopen Camp Mystic Cypress Lake, a separate property that is not adjacent to the Guadalupe River and that sustained no damage in the July 4 floods. “To promote reopening less than three months after the tragedy — while one camper remains missing — is unthinkable,” CiCi and Will Steward, whose 8-year-old daughter Cile Steward died in the floods and whose body still has not been recovered, wrote to Camp Mystic officials when their reopening plan was first announced. The families of several of the girls who died in the floods have sued Camp Mystic and the Eastlands in state court, alleging camp operators failed to take necessary steps to protect the campers as life-threatening floodwaters approached.

Link: https://feeds.texastribune.org/link/16799/17221024/webb-county-judge-tano-tijerina-congressional-run
Article: See our AI policy , and give us feedback Webb County Judge Tano Tijerina launched his bid to run as a Republican for South Texas’ 28th Congressional District on Tuesday, kicking off his campaign to flip a key battleground district red. “I am running for Congress because our community deserves someone who knows our struggles, shares our values, and will fight for it like family.” Tijerina was elected as a Democrat to lead Webb County in 2014 but switched to the Republican Party last December, saying that the Democratic Party no longer aligned with his values. “For years, our district has had a member of Congress who has grown too comfortable in Washington while families here struggle, and now he is facing serious federal corruption accusations that have shaken the trust of the people he is supposed to serve,” Tijerina said about Cuellar in the release. I choose South Texas.” The Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee — House Democrats’ campaign arm — has stood behind Cuellar and criticized Tijerina for allegedly violating federal campaign law and attempting to dodge the Texas Constitution’s resign-to-run rule. A complaint filed with the FEC last month alleged that Tijerina postponed his campaign announcement and improperly kept his campaign “under the guise of an exploratory committee” because he wanted to avoid triggering the state’s resign-to-run law. The law holds that certain local officials automatically resign their seat if they announce their candidacy for another position with more than one year and 30 days left in their term. Tijerina had originally scheduled a campaign event for Monday — when he would have still been subject to the resign-to-run provision — to talk about the “fight for South Texas” and “celebrate the spirit of our community,” but it was postponed to Tuesday. South Texans deserve dedicated public servants, not politicians playing political games at the taxpayers’ expense.” Tijerina has called the allegation a “political sham,” posting a statement on social media last week that he was “following every federal and state rule governing exploratory activity, and has not crossed a single legal line.”

Link: https://feeds.texastribune.org/link/16799/17221082/jasmine-crockett-senate-texas-allred-talarico
Article: Crockett, a second-term representative with a large national social media following, has teased a Senate run for weeks, saying publicly that she was exploring the possibility via polling and that she believed she could do what no Texas Democrat has done in over 30 years — win statewide — by expanding the electorate. The Talarico campaign said he called Crockett over the weekend, but that no polling data was shared; the Crockett campaign said the congresswoman offered to share internal polling but that Talarico didn’t request to see it. “We also need to make sure we have, what I consider to be, a strong slate — people that can also raise money, people that also have different groups of people that are attracted to them,” Crockett said, adding that she is the leading candidate among Black and brown voters. “So I’ve actually been talking to other candidates, potential candidates, as well, trying to recruit them.” Democratic state legislators are already running for the other statewide positions, and getting candidates to shift gears before Monday’s filing deadline would be challenging. Matt Angle, a Democratic operative and founder of the Lone Star Project, said the upside for Democrats is that the candidate that emerges from the primary will have been well-tested. “And so you hate that we’ve got our best candidates running against each other.” Public polling of the race indicates that Crockett would be a formidable primary candidate, but may struggle, as Democrats in Texas have for decades, in a general election. A University of Houston Hobby School poll from late September, which included O’Rourke in a potential primary, found Crockett leading the field at 31% and beating both Allred and Talarico in head-to-head matchups. In general election matchups against each of the three Republican candidates, the poll found Crockett losing, though her position against Attorney General Ken Paxton was within the margin of error.

Link: https://feeds.texastribune.org/link/16799/17221106/texas-historically-underutilized-business-program-hub-women-minorities
Article: See our AI policy , and give us feedback The state Comptroller’s office announced Tuesday it is removing women- and minority-owned businesses from the state program intended to give additional exposure to businesses owned by economically disadvantaged groups. The agency sent emails to HUB vendors that no longer qualify under the new rules on Tuesday, informing them that their certification has been revoked and their business will be removed from the HUB vendor directory. These emergency rules ensure Texas’ state contracting is free from gender or race discrimination and keep the program centered on those who earned this support through their service.” The Comptroller’s office had frozen new and renewed HUB certifications at the end of October, citing the need to review the program to ensure it complied with executive orders by both President Donald Trump and Gov. It is unclear what authority Hancock is relying on when changing the program, which was created by the state Legislature through a state law — revoking a state law typically requires either a court ruling or the Legislature repealing the law.

Link: https://feeds.texastribune.org/link/16799/17221095/texas-new-palo-pinto-mountains-state-park-new-year-hike
Article: See our AI policy , and give us feedback FORT WORTH — The Texas Parks and Wildlife Department will open the state’s newest state park, Palo Pinto Mountains State Park, to guests with reservations on New Year’s Day. “With the park nearly complete thanks to our hardworking staff and partners, this felt like the perfect way to start 2026 — exploring one of Texas’ newest state parks.” Other parks across the state will also hold hikes on New Year’s Day. The park has been in development since 2010, when TPWD asked the Texas Nature Conservancy, a nonprofit that helps preserve Texas land, to seek land for a new state park in North Texas. Two years later, the state bought the first parcel of land, totaling 3,300 acres using proceeds from the sale of state property on Eagle Mountain Lake north of Fort Worth. The city of Strawn later donated the rest of the land including the park’s centerpiece, 90-acre Tucker Lake, where visitors will be able to fish, paddle, and birdwatch in a quiet, motor-free setting. Disclosure: Texas Parks And Wildlife Department has been a financial supporter of The Texas Tribune, a nonprofit, nonpartisan news organization that is funded in part by donations from members, foundations and corporate sponsors.

Link: https://feeds.texastribune.org/link/16799/17064323/texas-schools-commandments-requirement-lawsuit
Article: More legal battles are brewing over Texas’ requirement that schools display posters of the Ten Commandments, as a federal appeals court is set to hear arguments on the constitutionality of a state law that has the potential to reach the U.S. 20 will hear both the Texas case and a similar case happening in Louisiana, which was the first state to pass a requirement to post the Ten Commandments in classrooms. Attorneys representing the families and the attorney general’s office have argued in court over the role Founding Fathers like Thomas Jefferson and James Madison played in developing the Bill of Rights and the First Amendment, which protects people’s freedom of religion. Both parties have debated the influence of the Ten Commandments on the country’s legal and educational systems, and whether the version of the Ten Commandments required to go up in schools belongs to a particular religious group. Biery concluded that the law favors Christianity over other faiths, is not neutral with respect to religion and is likely to interfere with families’ “exercise of their sincere religious or nonreligious beliefs in substantial ways.” “There are ways in which students could be taught any relevant history of the Ten Commandments without the state selecting an official version of scripture, approving it in state law, and then displaying it in every classroom on a permanent basis,” Biery wrote in his opinion, adding that the law “crosses the line from exposure to coercion.” Texas appealed Biery’s ruling, sending the case to the same court where a three-judge panel recently blocked Louisiana’s Ten Commandments law from taking effect. Circuit Court of Appeals found a similar law in Louisiana was “plainly unconstitutional.” The court ruled that requiring schools to post the Ten Commandments would cause an “irreparable deprivation” of First Amendment rights. “This issue is likely to get to the United States Supreme Court,” Biery, the judge, told a San Antonio courtroom prior to opening arguments in one of the Texas cases. Biery’s August ruling blocking the law from taking full effect applied to the following school districts: Alamo Heights, North East, Lackland, Northside, Austin, Lake Travis, Dripping Springs, Houston, Fort Bend, Cypress-Fairbanks and Plano. 2, asks the court to block the law in the rest of the state, but it specifically names the following districts in the complaint: Argyle, Birdville, Carroll, Clear Creek, Deer Park, Fort Sam Houston, Hurst-Euless-Bedford, Katy, Liberty Hill, Magnolia, Medina Valley, Pearland, Prosper, Richardson, Schertz-Cibolo-Universal City and Wylie. Alamo Heights Independent School District, concluded in August, several weeks after 16 families represented by the religious freedom organizations sued the state over what their lawyers called “catastrophically unconstitutional” legislation. Baptists have long held that the government has no role in religion — so that our faith may remain free and authentic.” The lawyers made a similar argument during a November hearing for Cribbs Ringer v. One of them, a Christian minister, said the displays will offer a message of religious intolerance, “implying that anyone who does not believe in the state’s official religious scripture is an outsider and not fully part of the community.” That message, the minister argued, conflicts with the religious, social justice and civil rights beliefs he seeks to teach his kids. Another North Texas plaintiff, a mother of two, is worried she will be “forced” to have sensitive and perhaps premature conversations about topics like adultery with her young children — and also “does not desire that her minor children to be instructed by their school about the biblical conception of adultery,” the suit states. “The state of Texas has no right to dictate to children how many gods to worship, which gods to worship, or whether to worship any gods at all,” said Annie Laurie Gaylor, co-president of the Freedom From Religion Foundation, which brought the lawsuit alongside the ACLU. The attorneys called the version of the Ten Commandments in SB 10 a “state-sponsored Protestant version,” which was corroborated by their witness, constitutional law professor and religious history expert Steven Green. The ACLU lawyers have also noted that students are legally required to attend school and have virtually no way to avoid seeing the state’s required version of the Ten Commandments, which they say interferes with children’s and families’ rights. What the state is saying The attorney general’s office has argued that the Ten Commandments are part of the nation’s history and heritage, and that previous rulings from federal courts and the U.S. Attorneys for the state have noted that the Supreme Court recently shot down the test that courts previously relied on to determine when a government had unconstitutionally endorsed or established a religion. And attorneys pointed out a decades-old ruling in a Nebraska case, regarding a Ten Commandments monument on city property, where an appeals court decided in favor of the monument that displayed the same version of the commandments Texas wants to show in public schools. “There is no legal reason to stop Texas from honoring a core ethical foundation of our law, especially not a bogus claim about the ‘separation of church and state,’ which is a phrase found nowhere in the Constitution,” Paxton said in a recent statement. Hall, the state’s expert witness, recently wrote a book that considers how “Christian Nationalism Is Not an Existential Threat to America or the Church.” Attorney William Farrell from the attorney general’s office described SB 10’s requirement as a “passive display on the wall” that does not rise to the level of coercion because students can choose to ignore the posters if they wish. The state views that as evidence that it poses no threat or harm to families, even though Attorney General Ken Paxton recently issued a legal advisory threatening action if schools do not comply and has sued three districts for their noncompliance.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/grand-jury-rejects-dojs-attempt-revive-fraud-case/story?id=128107484
Article: A federal grand jury in Norfolk, Virginia, refused to indict New York Attorney General Letitia James for alleged mortgage fraud on Thursday, sources said, rejecting the Department of Justice's attempt to refile the case just ten days after a federal judge dismissed an earlier case based on the unlawful appointment of the U.S. The grand jury's return of a "no true bill" in the case marked an extraordinary rebuke by average citizens of the Department of Justice's attempt to bring charges against James, an adversary of President Donald Trump who has been the target of his repeated calls for prosecution. "It is time for this unchecked weaponization of our justice system to stop." Prosecutors have alleged that James, who successfully brought a civil fraud case against Trump last year, falsely listed a home she purchased in 2020 as a second home instead of an investment property in order to save potentially $19,000 over the life of the loan with a more favorable mortgage rate. John Clark/AP Following a direct call from Trump to prosecute James and other political adversaries, the president's former attorney and aide Lindsey Halligan secured an indictment against James in October, but a judge dismissed the indictment after determining that Halligan was unlawfully serving as the U.S. District Judge Cameron Currie concluded that the attorney general lacked the authority to appoint Halligan to the post under federal law, nullifying any actions taken by her including the indictments against both James and former FBI director James Comey. But both Comey and James leveled separate legal challenges to the indictments against them, including the argument they were vindictively prosecuted at the direct orders of President Trump, that could carry weight with judges considering whether to let their cases go forward to trial. As ABC News previously reported, prosecutors who investigated James for possible mortgage fraud found evidence that appeared to undercut some of the allegations in the indictment of James secured in September -- including reducing the degree to which James allegedly personally profited from her purchase of the property.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/man-arrested-florida-killing-woman-toddler-long-island/story?id=128127183
Article: Man arrested in Florida in killing of woman, toddler once associated with Long Island serial murders Nassau County police and prosecutors display photos of Tanya Jackson and Tatiana Dykes, whose remains were found near Long Island's Gilgo Beach, during a news conference, Wednesday, April 23, 2025, in Mineola, N.Y. Nassau County police and prosecutors display photos of Tanya Jackson and Tatiana Dykes, whose remains were found near Long Island's Gilgo Beach, during a news conference, Wednesday, April 23, 2025, in Mineola, N.Y. Years after the bodies of a woman and her 2-year-old daughter were found on Long Island -- once associated with the Gilgo Beach serial murders -- her suspected killer appeared before a Florida judge on Thursday facing murder charges. Andrew Dykes, 66, was arrested Wednesday near Tampa on a warrant out of Nassau County, New York, in connection with the 1997 death of Tanya Jackson, law enforcement sources told ABC News. Hillsborough County Sheriff's Office In April, authorities in New York announced they had finally identified Jackson and her daughter and offered a $25,000 reward for information in the cold case. The girl's remains were found in 2011 close to where the remains of other women were found along the southern shore of Long Island leading to speculation the deaths were the work of the Gilgo Beach serial killer.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Business/wireStory/average-us-long-term-mortgage-rate-falls-619-128113812
Article: mortgage fell again this week, slipping close to its low point so far this year Average US long-term mortgage rate falls to 6.19%, near its low for the year FILE - A sign is posted for a new home for sale in Ambler, Pa., Thursday, Oct. Mortgage rates began declining this summer ahead of the Federal Reserve’s decision in September to cut its main interest rate for the first time in a year amid signs the labor market was slowing. The Fed lowered its key interest rate again in October and the general expectation is now that the central bank will cut its main interest rate when its policymakers meet again next week.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/video/fbi-director-kash-patel-announces-arrest-jan-6-128121234
Article: 6 pipe bomb case Patel announced Thursday that authorities arrested a man in connection with the placement of two pipe bombs outside the HQs of the RNC and DNC the night before the Jan.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/video/newly-released-images-show-inside-jeffrey-epsteins-private-128116788
Article: Newly released images show inside of Jeffrey Epstein's private island estate Democrats on the House Oversight Committee on Wednesday released more than 150 still images and over a dozen short videos of the Virgin Islands estate of convicted sex offender Jeffrey Epstein.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/video/cortinas-olympic-village-ready-athletes-ahead-2026-winter-128114706
Article: Cortina's Olympic village ready for athletes ahead of 2026 Winter Games Cortina's Olympic village is ready to house 1,400 athletes in mobile homes built from recyclable materials during the 2026 Winter Games, set to be staged in northern Italy.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Lifestyle/video/unique-christmas-tree-holiday-villages-toy-trains-built-128087420
Article: Unique Christmas tree has holiday villages, toy trains built in A Christmas tree in California is officially the busiest train hub of the season after a Burbank resident surrounded it with layers of toy trains and snow-covered villages.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/video/alert-driver-avoids-collision-after-pickup-truck-loses-128069675
Article: Alert driver avoids collision after pickup truck loses control An alert driver was able to avoid a potentially serious collision on State Route 54 in snowy Osage Beach, Missouri, after a pickup truck lost control while entering the highway.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/video/defense-secretary-pete-hegseth-weve-begun-striking-alleged-128046695
Article: Defense Secretary Pete Hegseth: 'We've only just begun' striking alleged drug boats During Tuesday's Trump cabinet meeting, Hegseth said that "we've only just begun" striking alleged drug boats, adding that narco-terrorists will be put "at the bottom of the ocean."

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/video/electric-blue-ribbon-eel-stuns-divers-off-coast-127980111
Article: Electric-blue ribbon eel stuns divers off the coast of Indonesia Divers were treated to an unusual sight in the waters near Bali: a blue ribbon eel gracefully undulating through the sea.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/video/military-funeral-kyiv-american-volunteer-fighter-127933324
Article: Military funeral in Kyiv for American volunteer fighter ABC News’ Ian Pannell is in Kyiv, Ukraine, at the funeral of an American who lost his life fighting against Russia’s invasion.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/video/massive-fire-engulfs-hong-kong-apartment-complex-127893330
Article: Massive fire engulfs Hong Kong apartment complex At least 13 people have been killed and dozens injured in the blaze that has engulfed a residential apartment complex in Hong Kong.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/trump-fighting-institute-peace-court-now-building-128093945
Article: Institute of Peace after President Donald Trump and planted the president’s name on the organization’s headquarters despite an ongoing fight over the institute’s control Trump is fighting the Institute of Peace in court. Trump has spent months openly lobbying for a Nobel Peace Prize even though he was passed over for this year’s installment — arguing he had a hand in easing a series of conflicts around the world. But Trump has also ordered strikes on suspected drug vessels off the coast of Venezuela and repeatedly threatened that attacks on land could be coming, which would be an act of war against that country. The takeover of the Peace Institute was also anything but peaceful, with his administration seizing the independent entity and ousting its board before actually affixing his name to the building. Trump Institute of Peace, which is both beautifully and aptly named after a President who ended eight wars in less than a year, will stand as a powerful reminder of what strong leadership can accomplish for global stability.” She added, “Congratulations, world!” George Foote, a lawyer for the former Institute leadership and staff, said the renaming “adds insult to injury.” “A federal judge has already ruled that the government’s armed takeover was illegal. High-ranking officials from the African Union, Angola, Burundi, Kenya, Togo, Qatar, Uganda and the United Arab Emirates are also expected to attend the signing, according to Yolande Makolo, a senior adviser to Kagame. Described as an independent, nonprofit think tank funded by Congress, its mission has been to work to promote peace and prevent and end conflicts while working outside normal channels such as the State Department.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/florida-starts-redistricting-talks-growing-battle-house-control-128098461
Article: Florida is poised to join the wave of states debating how they might reshape congressional voting districts, as political parties grapple for an edge in next year’s midterm elections Opponents of mid-decade efforts to redraw congressional voting districts gather to protest in the Florida Capitol in Tallahassee, Fla., Dec. -- Florida’s Republican-controlled House is holding the first meeting of its select committee on congressional redistricting Thursday, as the state becomes the latest to consider redrawing electoral maps amid a partisan battle for every edge in next year’s midterm elections. The national wave of redistricting efforts was instigated by President Donald Trump, who hopes to buck the historical trend of the president’s party losing seats in midterms, and his allies are wagering that his adopted home state could yield three to five more seats for Republicans. Ron DeSantis and leaders in the GOP-dominated Legislature, along with a provision in the state Constitution that explicitly bars redrawing maps with the intent to “favor or disfavor a political party or an incumbent.” DeSantis has voiced support for redistricting and even called for a redo of the 2020 U.S. This week, in an interview with online outlet The Floridian, DeSantis floated the possibility of calling lawmakers back in a special session if they do not get redistricting done in the regular session, which is scheduled for Jan. Senate President Ben Albritton, also a Republican, has said there is “no ongoing work” on the matter in his chamber, citing the governor's desire to address it in the spring.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/us-prioritizes-visas-fans-traveling-world-cup-olympics-128119974
Article: embassies and consulates around the world to prioritize visa applications from foreigners wishing to visit the United States to either invest in America or attend the 2026 World Cup, 2028 Olympics and other ... embassies and consulates around the world to prioritize visa applications from foreigners wishing to visit the United States to either invest in America or attend the 2026 World Cup, 2028 Olympics and other major sporting events. The new rules would deny entry to those deemed to have directed or participated in the censorship of American citizens on social media through content moderation initiatives that have sprung up throughout Europe and elsewhere to combat extremist speech. diplomatic missions that were obtained by The Associated Press, the State Department said visa applications for businesspeople considering “significant investments” in the United States should be at the top of the list for consideration along with applications from those wanting to travel “for major sporting events which showcase American excellence.” It is the latest effort by President Donald Trump’s administration to crack down on migrants and visitors entering the U.S. As part of a broader initiative to control the entry of foreigners into the U.S., the State Department has said all those who require visas to enter the country would need to submit to an in-person interview and screening to vet them for potential national security risks. This has led to lengthy wait times at many embassies and consulates for interviews to apply for what are known as “B1” and “B2” visas despite a surge in consular staffing. Nonetheless, he still encouraged them to apply for their visas “right away.” Secretary of State Marco Rubio said the administration had dispatched more than 400 additional consular officers around the world to handle the demand for visas for the World Cup and that in about 80% of the globe, travelers to the U.S. The new steps in the cable this week go beyond the FIFA Pass initative to expedite applications for those looking to travel to the United States for the Olympics and other major sports events. “These should take priority over all other B1/B2 applications, except those related to American re-industrialization.” Others to be prioritized include foreign diplomats, government officials traveling on official business, temporary agricultural workers, religious workers, physicians and nurses, and students attending academic institutions with less than 15% foreign enrollment. “Posts may significantly reduce the number of appointment slots available to lower rank groups in order to accommodate demand from higher rank groups.” A second cable sent Tuesday to all embassies and consulates set out new criteria for considering H-1B visa applications, instructing diplomats to “be on the lookout” for those who may have been or are “responsible for or complicit in the censorship of Americans” online and elsewhere. Those visas allow American companies to bring in people with technical skills that are hard to find in the United States, and President Donald Trump has said he would slap a $100,000 annual fee on them. It defined such information as having “adopting global content moderation policies inconsistent with freedom of expression, complying with global content moderation or censorship demands from a foreign entity and providing access to private data on American citizens in connection with content moderation.” Proof of this could be obtained from an applicant’s resume, employment history, social media profiles and posts, and public statements or writings, the cable said, adding that the State Department was developing tools to make it easier and quicker to conduct these screenings. It noted that all visa applicants are subject to these criteria, but that H-1B applicants should be looked at most closely “as many work or have worked in the tech sector, including in social media or financial services companies involved in the suppression of protected expression.” “You must thoroughly explore their employment histories to ensure no participation in such activities,” the cable said, adding that “if you uncover evidence and applicant was responsible for or complicit in censorship or attempted censorship of protected expression in the United States you should pursue a finding that the applicant is ineligible” for a visa.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/georgia-ethics-panel-decides-gop-candidate-governor-loan-128121500
Article: Burt Jones can loan $10 million loan to his campaign committee Georgia ethics panel decides a GOP candidate for governor can loan $10M to his campaign FILE - Georgia Lt. But Georgia Ethics Commission decided in a meeting in Carrollton, Georgia, that a loan to a leadership committee counts as a contribution under state law, adopting a legal opinion that there is “nothing in the current statute which prohibits such a loan of personal funds.” The opinion clears Jones to keep spending his family fortune to pursue the Republican nomination. This is not a fair process for anyone.” Jones filed documents showing he made loans of $7.5 million and $2.5 million to the WBJ Leadership Committee when he announced his run for governor on July 8. The commission earlier dismissed a complaint from Carr alleging that Jones broke state law because his previous financial disclosures didn’t show enough liquid assets to make such large loans to himself. “It’s troubling that the commission shows no interest in understanding how Burt Jones went from claiming a net worth of $700,000 to loaning himself $10 million,” said Julia Mazzone, a spokesperson for Carr. Jones’ campaign did not respond to the substance of the ruling, with spokesperson Kayla Lott only characterizing Carr as being “bad at being a lawyer.” Carr announced his run for governor last year, saying he needed to raise money because he isn’t personally wealthy. She said it was wrong to sue Jones and his campaign for “doing exactly what Georgia law allows them to do.” Carr hasn't filed a new lawsuit challenging the law's constitutionality. In 2022, a federal judge ruled that a leadership committee for Kemp couldn't spend money during the Republican primary that year, finding the “unequal campaign finance scheme” violated challenger David Perdue’s First Amendment right to free speech.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/winning-numbers-drawn-wednesdays-powerball-128098559
Article: The winning numbers in Wednesday evening’s drawing of the "Powerball" game were: 01-14-20-46-51, Powerball: 26 The Associated Press By The Associated Press The winning numbers in Wednesday evening’s drawing of the "Powerball" game were: 01-14-20-46-51, Powerball: 26, Power Play: 3 (one, fourteen, twenty, forty-six, fifty-one, Powerball: twenty-six, Power Play: three) Estimated jackpot: $779 million For more lottery results, go to Jackpot.com | Order Lottery Tickets

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/new-jaguar-spotted-arizona-points-progress-endangered-species-128125791
Article: Researchers have confirmed a new jaguar in southern Arizona, marking what they say is the fifth big cat over the last 15 years to be spotted in there after crossing the U.S.-Mexico border This photo, made with a remote camera and provided by the University of Arizona Wild Cat Research and Conservation Center, shows a spotted jaguar in southern Arizona, Nov. (University of Arizona Wild Cat Research and Conservation Center via AP) This photo, made with a remote camera and provided by the University of Arizona Wild Cat Research and Conservation Center, shows a spotted jaguar in southern Arizona, Nov. The University of Arizona Wild Cat Research and Conservation Center says it's the fifth big cat over the last 15 years to be spotted in the area after crossing the U.S.-Mexico border. It signifies this edge population of jaguars continues to come here because they’re finding what they need," Susan Malusa, director of the center's jaguar and ocelot project, said during an interview Thursday. As an indicator species, Malusa said the continued presence of big cats in the region suggests a healthy landscape but that climate change and border barriers can threaten migratory corridors.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/brown-pelican-feeding-frenzy-encouraging-sign-struggling-large-128122751
Article: -- On a jagged coastline in Central California, brown pelicans gather on rock promontories, packed in like edgy commuters as they take flight to feed on a vast school of fish just offshore. The signature pouch dangling beneath the lower bill can scoop up to 3 gallons of water with every dip into the ocean — the largest pouch of any bird in the world. It is what scientists call a “feeding frenzy.” And it is an encouraging sign for a bird that has struggled in recent years with a warming ocean, inconsistent breeding patterns and toxic algae blooms in Southern California. “I would say the populations are somewhat stable, but some events are concerning,” says marine ornithologist Tammy Russell, a postdoctoral researcher at the University of California, San Diego, Scripps Institution of Oceanography. In their struggle for survival, Russell notes that the California brown pelican was once on the federal endangered species list, after a sharp population decline was attributed to the pesticide DDT, which causes eggshell thinning. As the big birds gradually head south to islands off the California coast or Mexico to breed, “it's encouraging to see a group of pelicans feeding and doing well,” Russell said.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/white-house-expected-submit-plans-new-ballroom-planning-128116475
Article: The White House is preparing to submit plans for a new ballroom to a planning commission later this month White House is expected to submit plans for new ballroom to planning commission this month Construction of a new ballroom continues on the East Wing of the White House, Tuesday, Nov. (AP Photo/Alex Brandon) WASHINGTON -- The White House is expected to submit plans for its new ballroom to a planning commission later this month, the Trump-appointed head of the panel said Thursday. “Once plans are submitted, that’s really when the role of this commission, and its professional staff, will begin,” Will Scharf, the chair of the National Capital Planning Commission, said at its monthly meeting on Thursday.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/lawmakers-hear-navy-admiral-ordered-attack-killed-boat-128098437
Article: Bradley testifies during a Senate Armed Services Committee hearing to examine his nomination to be admiral and Commander, United States Special Operation Command, July 22, 2025, at the Capitol in Washington. military to fire upon survivors of an attack on an alleged drug boat is expected Thursday on Capitol Hill to provide a classified briefing to top congressional lawmakers overseeing national security. 2 ordered an attack on two survivors to comply with Hegseth's directive to “kill everybody.” Legal experts say the attack amounts to a crime if the survivors were targeted, and lawmakers on both sides of the aisle are demanding accountability. Bradley will speak to a handful of top congressional leaders, including the Republican chairs and ranking Democrats of the House and Senate committees on Armed Services, and separately to the GOP chairman and Democratic vice chairman on the Senate Intelligence Committee. “And yet the American public and the Congress are still not hearing basic facts.” As Bradley appears for questions in the classified setting, lawmakers will be seeking answers to key questions: What orders did Hegseth give regarding the operations? Hegseth has said the aftermath of an initial strike on the boat was clouded in the “fog of war.” He has also said he “didn’t stick around” for the second strike, but said Bradley “made the right call” and “had complete authority” to do it. Also on Thursday, the Defense Department inspector general was expected to release a partially redacted report into Hegseth's use of the Signal messaging app in March to share information about a military strike against Yemen’s Houthi militants. At the time of the attack, Bradley was the commander of Joint Special Operations Command, overseeing coordinated operations between the military's elite special operations units out of Fort Bragg in North Carolina. Thom Tillis, a North Carolina Republican, described Bradley as among those who are “rock solid” and “the most extraordinary people that have ever served in the military.” But lawmakers like Tillis have also made it clear they expect a reckoning if it is found that survivors were targeted. Jack Reed, the top Democrat on the Armed Services Committee, said he and Wicker have formally requested the executive orders authorizing the operations and the complete videos from the strikes. What remains unclear — and what lawmakers hope to clarify in their briefing with Bradley — was who ordered the strikes and whether Hegseth was involved, one of the people said. Republican lawmakers who are close to Trump have sought to defend Hegseth this week, standing behind the military campaign against drug cartels that the president deems “narco-terrorists.” “I see nothing wrong with what took place,” said Sen.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/testimony-brian-walshe-murder-trial-details-affair-wife-128117200
Article: The focus in the murder trial of Brian Walshe's turned to an affair his wife was having before Walshe allegedly killed and dismembered the woman on New Year's Day 2023 William Fastow, Ana Walshe's boyfriend, looks at a picture of Ana while on the witness stand during Brian Walshe's trial for murdering his wife Ana, Thursday, Dec. (Matt Stone/The Boston Herald via AP, Pool) William Fastow, Ana Walshe's boyfriend, looks at a picture of Ana while on the witness stand during Brian Walshe's trial for murdering his wife Ana, Thursday, Dec. (Matt Stone/The Boston Herald via AP, Pool) The focus in the murder trial of Brian Walshe turned Thursday to an affair his wife was having before he allegedly killed and dismembered her on New Year’s Day 2023. Her husband, Brian Walshe faces a first-degree murder charge, after agreeing to plead guilty last month to lesser charges of misleading police and willfully disposing of a human body in violation of state law. He said the relationship quickly intensified as they became close friends and confidants and eventually had an "intimate relationship.” They went out to dinner and to bars together, he said, and she would spend time on his sailboat and stay overnight at his home. “She had expressed great concern and I think she felt it would be a strike against her integrity if he found out a different way.” Fastow said the pair spent Christmas Eve together with friends and had planned to celebrate New Year's together on Jan. “But I'd always said to Ana that she needed to figure out how she wanted things with Brian and what she wanted that to look for her life before we could make any commitments or decisions.” Fastow said his last contact with Ana Walshe was a text message from her on New Year's Eve. The following day he sent her a photo of Fastow showing his son how to ski, a waving hand emoji, question mark query and a few more text messages the following days that got no response. 4, he got a call from Brian Walshe, but let it go to voicemail because he was in an “intimate relationship with his wife.” “I had not heard from her in several days and, frankly, I was concerned maybe he had found out and was calling to confront me," he testified. In a somewhat upbeat tone, Walshe said he “hoped all was going well” with Fastow before saying he was “reaching out to anybody he could” because “Ana hadn't been in touch for a few days" and that he was wondering if Fastow “had spoken to her recently." Walshe then apologized for the call and said he was sure “everything was fine.” At the time, Brian Walshe was at home awaiting sentencing in an unrelated art fraud case involving the sale of two fake Andy Warhol paintings. On cross examination, Walshe's defense attorney Kelli Porges was able to get Fastow to acknowledge he was not aware of any plans for Ana Walshe to tell her husband about their relationship. “There was no plan, as Ana went home for Christmas to be with her family, that she was going to come clean and tell Brian about you,” Porges said, prompting Fastow to say that he wasn't aware of “any plan.” Prosecutors so far have relied on incriminating searches allegedly made by Walshe on several devices that related to dismembering bodies and cleaning up blood. Investigators also said surveillance video showed a man resembling Walshe throwing what appeared to be heavy trash bags into a dumpster near their home, and that a search of a trash processing facility near his mother’s home uncovered bags containing a hatchet, hammer, sheers, hacksaw, towels and a protective Tyvek suit, cleaning agents, a Prada purse, boots like the ones Ana Walshe was last seen wearing and a COVID-19 vaccination card with her name. In his opening statement Monday, Assistant District Attorney Gregory Connor told the jury that the Massachusetts State Crime Laboratory examined some of the items for DNA against samples they had from the couple.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/ny-attorney-general-challenges-authority-acting-us-attorney-128098380
Article: Now, another federal judge is poised to consider an argument by New York Attorney General Letitia James that the administration also twisted the law in order to make John Sarcone the acting U.S. A court hearing is scheduled to be held Thursday as James challenges Sarcone's authority to oversee a Justice Department investigation into regulatory lawsuits she filed against Trump and the National Rifle Association. James, a Democrat is disputing the legitimacy of subpoenas issued as part of Sarcone's probe, which her lawyers say is part of a campaign of baseless investigations and prosecutions of Trump's perceived enemies. The fight in New York, and in the other states, is largely over the legality of unorthodox strategies the Trump administration has adopted to appoint prosecutors seen as unlikely to get confirmed by the U.S.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/luigi-mangiones-court-hearing-continues-anniversary-unitedhealthcare-ceos-128098457
Article: A high-stakes hearing in the New York murder case against Luigi Mangione is continuing a year to the day after prosecutors say he gunned down UnitedHealthcare CEO Brian Thompson Luigi Mangione appears in Manhattan Criminal Court for an evidence hearing, Tuesday, Dec. (Curtis Means/Pool Photo via AP) NEW YORK -- A high-stakes hearing in the New York murder case against Luigi Mangione continues Thursday, a year to the day after prosecutors say he gunned down UnitedHealthcare CEO Brian Thompson. They have said that the 9 mm handgun matches the firearm used in the killing, that writings in the notebook laid out Mangione's disdain for health insurers and ideas about killing a CEO at an investor conference, and that he gave Pennsylvania police the same fake name that the alleged gunman used at a New York hostel days before the shooting. Tuesday's court session displayed police body-camera video of officers confronting Mangione at a McDonald's in Altoona, Pennsylvania, and concluding — to their amazement — that he was the much-publicized suspect in Thompson's killing five days earlier. The officers asked his name, whether he’d been in New York recently and other questions, including: “Why are you nervous?” Officers tried to play it cool and buy time by intimating that they were simply responding to a loitering complaint and chatting about his steak sandwich.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/connecticut-police-find-decomposed-body-after-standoff-man-128095139
Article: -- Connecticut police said Wednesday that they found a decomposed body and numerous explosives inside a home in the aftermath of an hours-long standoff with a man who had barricaded himself and exchanged gunfire with law enforcement officers. Officers who were clearing the home afterward found a decomposed body on the second floor, as well as numerous explosives including pipe bombs, grenades and Molotov cocktails, Police Chief Timothy Shaw said in a statement.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/trump-hosts-leaders-congo-rwanda-sign-key-deal-128107734
Article: President Donald Trump will host the Congolese and Rwandan presidents for a deal-signing aimed at securing peace in eastern Congo Trump hosts the leaders of Congo and Rwanda to sign a key deal for peace in eastern Congo FILE - M23 rebels enter the centre of east Congo's second-largest city, Bukavu, and take control of the South Kivu province administrative office, Sunday, Feb. President Donald Trump will host the leaders of the Democratic Republic of Congo and Rwanda on Thursday for a deal-signing aimed at ending the conflict in eastern Congo and opening access to the region's critical minerals for the U.S. The moment provides Trump — who has repeatedly and with a measure of exaggeration boasted of brokering peace in some of the world's most entrenched conflicts — another chance to tout himself as a dealmaker extraordinaire on the global stage and make the case that he's deserving of the Nobel Peace Prize. Trump is welcoming Presidents Felix Tshisekedi of Congo and Paul Kagame of Rwanda, as well as several officials from other African nations traveling to Washington to witness the signing, in the same week he contemptuously derided the war-torn country of Somalia and said he did he did not want immigrants from the East African nation in the U.S. The conflict escalated this year, with M23 seizing the region’s main cities of Goma and Bukavu in an unprecedented advance, worsening a humanitarian crisis that was already one of the world’s largest, with millions of people displaced. “There can be no peace as long as the front lines remain active." Thursday’s pact will also build on a Regional Economic Integration Framework that officials have said will define the terms of economic partnerships involving the three countries. The region, rich in critical minerals, is of interest to Trump as Washington looks for ways to circumvent China to acquire rare earths, essential to manufacturing fighter jets, cell phones and more. Chamber of Commerce will also host an event that will bring together American business leaders and the Congolese and Rwandan delegations to discuss potential investment opportunities in critical minerals, energy and tourism, according to Yolande Makolo, a senior adviser to Kagame. “We are waiting to see what will happen because so far, both sides continue to clash and attack each other,” said Moise Bauma, a 27-year-old student in rebel-held Bukavu city. This is not the end but it’s a good step.” The conflict can be traced to the aftermath of the 1994 genocide in Rwanda, where Hutu militias killed between 500,000 and 1 million ethnic Tutsi, as well as moderate Hutus and Twa, Indigenous people. Rwanda, on the other hand, has conditioned a permanent ceasefire on Congo dissolving a local militia that it said is made up of the Hutus and is fighting with the Congolese military.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/marine-dies-training-exercise-camp-pendleton-128096437
Article: Marine has died during a training exercise at Southern California's Camp Pendleton By The Associated Press FILE - The entrance to Marine Corps base Camp Pendleton is seen on Sept.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/venmo-users-trouble-sending-receiving-money-service-outage-128097089
Article: Venmo says that an issue impacting the payment service has been fixed and it is “back up and running,” after users reported trouble sending and receiving money Venmo announces it is 'back up and running' following widespread service outage A cell phone screen shows the Venmo app informing users of a service disruption in Honolulu, Hawaii, on Wednesday, Dec. (AP Photo/Audrey McAvoy) Venmo announced early Thursday that an issue impacting the payment service had been fixed and it was “back up and running,” after users reported trouble sending and receiving money for hours. Venmo had said Wednesday night on X that it was “working on a fix.” The company didn't provide any additional details about what caused the problem or how it was fixed.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/honolulu-settle-lawsuit-police-shooting-micronesian-teen-1m-128094643
Article: Honolulu’s city council has authorized a $1 million settlement for the family of a 16-year-old boy shot and killed by police in 2021 Honolulu to settle lawsuit over police shooting of Micronesian teen for $1M FILE - Floral bouquets, deflated balloons, candles and other items decorate a street memorial by the Kalakaua Canal where Honolulu Police shot and killed 16-year-old Iremamber Sykap during a car chase on Kalakaua Ave., in Honolulu, April 28, 2021. (AP Photo/Jennifer Sinco Kelleher, File) FILE - Floral bouquets, deflated balloons, candles and other items decorate a street memorial by the Kalakaua Canal where Honolulu Police shot and killed 16-year-old Iremamber Sykap during a car chase on Kalakaua Ave., in Honolulu, April 28, 2021. (AP Photo/Jennifer Sinco Kelleher, File) HONOLULU -- Honolulu’s city council on Wednesday authorized $1 million to settle a lawsuit by the family of a 16-year-old boy who was shot and killed by police. If the lawsuit Sykap's family filed against the city and police officers had gone to trial they would have sought $8 million to $10 million in general damages, their attorney Eric Seitz said. Honolulu Corporation Counsel Dana Viola told the council that the settlement is reasonable because it keeps the officers from testifying, which could be used against them in a future criminal prosecution because there's no statute of limitations for murder. "This settlement allows the City to move forward while standing firmly in support of the men and women of the Honolulu Police Department.” At the time of the shooting police said Sykap was driving a stolen Honda linked to a burglary, purse snatching, car theft and armed robbery and led officers on a chase.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/michael-susan-dell-donate-625-billion-encourage-families-128031366
Article: Billionaires Michael and Susan Dell pledged a historic $6.25 billion on Tuesday to provide an incentive to families to adopt new investment accounts for children NEW YORK -- Billionaires Michael and Susan Dell pledged $6.25 billion Tuesday to provide 25 million American children under 10 an incentive to claim the new investment accounts for children created as part of President Donald Trump’s tax and spending legislation. It will build hope and opportunity and prosperity for generations to come,” said Michael Dell, the founder and CEO of Dell Technologies whose estimated net worth is $148 billion, according to Forbes. “And we’re all rooting for them to have a wonderful future, a bright future, and that that’s available to them.” Under the new law, “Trump Accounts” are available to any American child under 18 with a Social Security number and their families can fund the accounts, which must be invested in an index fund that tracks the overall stock market. The Dells will put money into the accounts of children 10 and younger who live in ZIP codes with a median family income of $150,000 or less and who won't get the $1,000 seed money from the Treasury. The Dells hope their gift will encourage families to claim the accounts and deposit more money into it, even small amounts, so it will grow over time along with the stock market. President Trump plans to celebrate the commitment later on Tuesday and a White House spokesperson Kush Desai said the Dell's gift will be the first of many new pledges to fund the accounts. “It’s also President Trump’s call to action for American businesses and philanthropists to do their part, too." “It’s hard to give effective dollars away at scale, particularly to the country’s neediest kids in a way that you have confidence that those dollars are going to compound with the upside of the U.S. "And so, this is a unique platform that’s being created by the government that I think can unlock major giving.” Gerstner is also the founder of Invest America Charitable Foundation, which is supporting the Treasury in launching the accounts. “We would like to see this idea continue and get better over time, just like any big policy,’ said Boshara, who co-edited the book “The Future of Building Wealth.” "The ACA, Social Security – they start off fairly flawed, but get much better and more progressive and inclusive over time. It’s a down payment on a big idea that deserves to be improved and there’s bipartisan interest in improving them." Through the Michael & Susan Dell Foundation, the Dell's have reported giving $2.9 billion since 1999, with a large focus on education. Michael Dell said they had not initially envisioned committing so much to boost the child investment accounts, but Susan Dell said over time, they decided to increase the size of their commitment.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/plea-deal-son-drug-kingpin-el-chapo-details-128023186
Article: prosecutors revealed details of the abduction of Ismael “El Mayo” Zambada, a leader of the Sinaloa cartel MEXICO CITY -- Armed men entered through a window to ambush Ismael “El Mayo” Zambada, the most elusive of the Sinaloa cartel’s leaders, who was then loaded onto a plane, drugged and spirited across the border to the United States, according to details revealed Monday in the plea hearing of the drug trafficker who abducted him. Joaquín Guzmán López, the 39-year-old son of former Sinaloa cartel kingpin Joaquín “El Chapo” Guzmán, pleaded guilty to two counts of drug trafficking and continuing criminal enterprise in federal court in Chicago after admitting his role in overseeing the transport of tens of thousands of kilograms (pounds) of drugs to the U.S. The plea agreement did not name Zambada, but in the days after his arrest, one of his lawyers shared a letter from him that explained he had been called to a meeting with Guzmán López and there he had been abducted. Zambada in his letter said Guzmán López had called him to a meeting on the outskirts of Sinaloa state’s capital, Culiacan, along with some local politicians, one of whom was later found dead. The arrests set off a bloody fight in Sinaloa among their respective cartel factions for control of the business, violence that López Obrador’s successor President Claudia Sheinbaum is still dealing with. Joaquín “El Chapo” Guzmán is serving a life sentence after being convicted in 2019 for his role as the former leader of the Sinaloa cartel, having smuggled mountains of cocaine and other drugs into the United States over 25 years.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/billionaire-spacewalker-back-senate-seeking-nasas-top-job-128075808
Article: Billionaire spacewalker Jared Isaacman is back before the Senate after being yanked and then renominated by President Donald Trump for NASA's top job FILE - Commander Jared Isaacman speaks at a news conference after arriving at the Kennedy Space Center for an upcoming private human spaceflight mission in Cape Canaveral, Fla., Aug. (AP Photo/John Raoux, File) FILE - Commander Jared Isaacman speaks at a news conference after arriving at the Kennedy Space Center for an upcoming private human spaceflight mission in Cape Canaveral, Fla., Aug. (AP) — Billionaire spacewalker Jared Isaacman urged senators on Wednesday to take swift action on his bid to lead NASA, after being yanked and then renominated by President Donald Trump. The tech entrepreneur who's rocketed into orbit twice with SpaceX stressed the need for “full-time leadership” at NASA as the space agency prepares to send astronauts back to the moon early next year. Returning astronauts to the moon for the first time in more than 50 years will be “a challenging endeavor to say the least,” Isaacman told the committee led by Sen. “This is not the time for delay but a time for action because if we fall behind -- if we make a mistake -- we may never catch up, and the consequences could shift the balance of power here on Earth,” Isaacman told the committee. “The United States must remain the unquestioned leader in space exploration." Isaacman was within days of being confirmed by the Senate as NASA’s 15th administrator when Trump pulled his nomination in May.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/fact-focus-trump-tariffs-eventually-replace-federal-income-128087097
Article: President Donald Trump has long praised tariffs as key to increasing wealth in the United States, idealizing Gilded Age policies that preceded the implementation of a modern federal income tax President Donald Trump has long praised tariffs as key to increasing wealth in the United States, idealizing Gilded Age policies that preceded the implementation of a modern federal income tax. Even the very substantial tariffs imposed this year, which are at the highest levels in the postwar era, raise nowhere near the revenue that income tax does.” Steve Wamhoff, federal policy director at the Institute on Taxation and Economic Policy, called the idea “nonsensical.” But Trump has floated it twice in the last week — first during remarks on Thanksgiving at Mar-a-Lago and then again at Tuesday's Cabinet meeting. He has not expressly detailed plans to end a national income tax since retaking the White House, and he can’t do so without an act of Congress and upending the federal budget. “President Trump is set to raise trillions in revenue for the federal government in the coming years with his tariffs — whose costs will ultimately be paid by the foreign exporters who rely on the American economy, the world's biggest and best consumer market,” said White House spokesman Kush Desai. Even if the numbers were made to add up, replacing revenue from federal income taxes with that of tariffs — a Republican talking point since the 1990s — poses many risks.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/americans-gave-4b-givingtuesday-2025-donations-volunteering-gain-128088113
Article: Americans gave $4 billion to nonprofits on GivingTuesday in 2025, an increase from the $3.6 billion they gave in 2024 Americans gave $4 billion to nonprofits on GivingTuesday in 2025, an increase from the $3.6 billion they gave in 2024, according to estimates from the nonprofit GivingTuesday. "But I think mostly it’s just that when people see need, they want to do something about it and GivingTuesday is an opportunity to do that in a moment of celebration as opposed to crisis.” Overall donations increased 8.1% from last year when adjusted for inflation. That means they did not include the gift from billionaires Michael and Susan Dell of $6.25 billion to encourage families to claim new investment accounts created by the Trump administration. President Donald Trump hosted the Dells at the White House Tuesday, calling their commitment “one of the most generous acts in the history of our country.” The Dells will offer $250 to 25 million children 10 years old and younger to invest in accounts that the U.S. A significant portion of charitable giving to nonprofits happens at the end of the calendar year and GivingTuesday is an informal kick off to what nonprofits think of as the giving season. “What we really hope is that nonprofits and community groups see this as an opportunity that we are in a moment of abundance and that people are ready and willing to help,” Rosenbaum said.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/safety-volunteer-charged-fatal-shooting-utah-kings-protester-128088376
Article: Prosecutors say a safety volunteer accused of fatally shooting a man participating in a “No Kings” protest in Salt Lake City in June has been charged with manslaughter Safety volunteer charged in the fatal shooting of a Utah 'No Kings' protester By The Associated Press FILE - Demonstrators carry signs and chant while marching during a "No Kings" protest, June 14, 2025, in Salt Lake City. (AP Photo/Amanda Barrett, file) A safety volunteer accused of fatally shooting a man who was participating in a “No Kings” protest in Salt Lake City in June has been charged with manslaughter, prosecutors announced Wednesday.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/luigi-mangione-due-court-fight-continues-evidence-unitedhealthcare-128024773
Article: Luigi Mangione is due back in court for the second day of a hearing in his bid to bar New York prosecutors from using evidence that they say links him to last year’s killing of UnitedHealthcare CEO Brian Thompson NEW YORK -- Luigi Mangione is due back in court on Tuesday for the second day of a hearing in his bid to bar New York prosecutors from using evidence that they say links him to last year’s killing of UnitedHealthcare CEO Brian Thompson. Mangione, 27, gripped a pen in his right hand, making a fist at times, as prosecutors played the audio of a 911 call from a McDonald’s manager relaying concerns from customers that Mangione looked like the suspect in Thompson’s death. Mangione’s lawyers are asking Judge Gregory Carro to block prosecutors from showing or telling jurors about items seized from his backpack during his arrest, including a 9 mm handgun that prosecutors say matches the one used in the killing and a notebook in which they say Mangione described his intent to “wack” a health insurance executive. They also want to suppress some statements Mangione made to law enforcement personnel, such as allegedly giving a false name, because officers started asking questions before telling him he had a right to remain silent. Five witnesses testified on Monday, including a Pennsylvania prison officer who said Mangione told him that at the time of his arrest he had a backpack with foreign currency and a 3D-printed pistol. Another prison officer said his superintendent told him Mangione was being held under constant watch because the facility “did not want an Epstein-style situation,” referring to Jeffrey Epstein’s 2019 jail suicide. Mangione was arrested as he ate breakfast at a McDonald’s in Altoona, Pennsylvania, about 230 miles (about 370 kilometers) west of Manhattan after the restaurant’s manager told a 911 dispatcher, “I have a customer here that some other customers were suspicious of — that he looks like the CEO shooter from New York.” The manager told the dispatcher that she searched online for photos of the suspect that police disseminated. But, as Mangione sat in the restaurant, she said she could only see his eyebrows because he had a beanie pulled down close to his eyes and was wearing a medical face mask. One wore a green T-shirt that said: “Without a warrant, it’s not a search, it’s a violation.” Another woman held a doll of the Luigi video game character and had a smaller figurine of him clipped to her purse.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/chinas-xi-frances-macron-pledge-cooperation-global-crises-128099492
Article: China and France have pledged deeper cooperation to address global issues like the war in Ukraine and trade By HUIZHONG WU Associated Press and KEN MORITSUGU Associated Press France's President Emmanuel Macron, right, and China's President Xi Jinping, left, walk during a state visit at the Great Hall of the People in Beijing Thursday, Dec. (Adek Berry/Pool Photo via AP) France's President Emmanuel Macron, right, and China's President Xi Jinping, left, walk during a state visit at the Great Hall of the People in Beijing Thursday, Dec. (Adek Berry/Pool Photo via AP) BEIJING -- China and France pledged deeper cooperation on global issues like the war in Ukraine and trade, as France prepares to take on the presidency of the Group of Seven next year. “We are facing the risk of the disintegration of the international order that brought peace to the world for decades, and in this context, the dialogue between China and France is even more essential than ever,” Macron said Thursday. “I hope that China will join our call, our efforts to achieve, as soon as possible, at the very least a ceasefire in the form of a moratorium on strikes targeting critical infrastructure,” he said. Xi called for building greater political trust with France by showing each other support while demonstrating each side's “independence.” “No matter how the external environment changes, both sides as major powers should always demonstrate independence and strategic vision, show mutual understanding and mutual support for each other on core matters and major critical issues,” he said. Recent years have been marked by trade disputes across a range of industries after the EU undertook a probe into Chinese electric vehicles subsidies and China responded with investigations into imports of European brandy, pork and dairy products. "China's open door will only open wider," Xi said, saying that the country plans to “expand market access, and opening up areas” of investment “and guide the cross-border, orderly, and rational layout of industrial and supply chains.” Xi also called for both sides to continue to promote mutually beneficial cooperation between China and the EU. Experts have said they expect Beijing to use this visit to strengthen its individual ties with one of Europe's most important economies, at the expense of the greater EU bloc. “China seeks to drive a wedge into this EU approach by making deals bilaterally with individual EU members,” said Lyle Morris, a senior fellow on Foreign Policy and National Security as the Asia Society. Chengdu is also home to the Conservation and Research Center for the Giant Panda, where Yuan Meng, who was the first giant panda born in France and was named by first lady Brigitte Macron, is now staying.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/2-killings-exposed-depths-cartels-grip-mexicos-michoacan-128098558
Article: Two recent killings — one of an outspoken representative of the lime growers, the other a popular mayor standing up to the cartels — in Mexico's western Michoacan state have sent a clear message that organized crime is in charge, something residents ha... Two recent killings — one of an outspoken representative of the lime growers, the other a popular mayor standing up to the cartels — have made a long-known truth impossible to ignore: Organized crime controls much of Michoacan and its economy. Later, Vergara still in his white cassock, drove home into the darkness of Tierra Caliente along cartel-controlled roads with the risk of land mines planted in the hills or drone attacks. Carlos Manzo, the 40-year-old mayor of Uruapan in western Michoacan, was in his town’s central square amid hundreds gathered for Day of the Dead festivities when a teenage gunman shot him seven times despite his 22-person security detail, including National Guardsmen. “It felt like he was fighting for us,” said Imelda Peña, a 42-year-old teacher, who criticized Sheinbaum for her perceived weakness on organized crime, although the president strengthened the federal security strategy when she came to power. An hour’s drive west of Apatzingan in La Ruana, Guadalupe Mora, another outspoken critic of the government’s security policies, stood among his own 20-person security detail, requested after Manzo’s killing. At least three of the six drug cartels that the Trump administration designated as terrorist organizations — Jalisco New Generation, United Cartels and The New Michoacan Family — operate here, in addition to a slew of homegrown armed splinter groups, some supported by the Sinaloa Cartel. So she announced an additional 2,000 troops — on top of the 4,300 permanent ones and 4,000 in neighboring states — and government spending that sounded reminiscent of failed plans past. Deputy Secretary of State Christopher Landau wrote on social platform X: “May his memory inspire prompt and effective action.” Many here say that if it takes pressure from Washington to make Mexican authorities act, then so be it. “They’re not committed enough to implement (their plans) no matter the cost.” In the orchard blanketed hills, the front lines are constantly shifting as one group arrives, seizes a house for its command post and starts fighting, leaving residents to believe peace will come when one group dominates. The grower who came to see Vergara said he is paid half the amount he needs to produce each kilo of limes, so he and others are taking orchards out of production.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/trump-hosting-leaders-congo-rwanda-sign-key-deal-128100303
Article: President Donald Trump will host Congolese and Rwandan presidents for a deal signing aimed at securing peace in eastern Congo Trump hosting the leaders of Congo, Rwanda to sign deal for peace in eastern Congo By CHINEDU ASADU Associated Press , RUTH ALONGA Associated Press , and AAMER MADHANI Associated Press FILE - M23 rebels enter the centre of east Congo's second-largest city, Bukavu, and take control of the South Kivu province administrative office, Sunday, Feb. President Donald Trump will host the leaders of Congo and Rwanda on Thursday for a deal signing aimed at ending the conflict in eastern Congo and opening access to the region's critical minerals for the U.S. Lauded by the White House as a “historic” agreement brokered by Trump, the so-called Washington Accords for Peace and Prosperity between Presidents Felix Tshisekedi of Congo and Paul Kagame of Rwanda follows monthslong peace efforts by the U.S. The conflict escalated this year, with M23 seizing the region’s main cities of Goma and Bukavu in an unprecedented advance, worsening a humanitarian crisis that was already one of the world’s largest with millions displaced. “There can be no peace as long as the front lines remain active." Thursday’s pact will also build on a Regional Economic Integration Framework that officials have said will define the terms of economic partnerships involving the three countries as agreed upon in November. In search of ways to circumvent China in acquiring rare earth minerals, the Trump administration has capitalized on Congo's need for security support to gain access to its minerals which are essential to manufacturing fighter jets, cellphones and more, and dominated by China. In rebel-held Goma, which had around 2 million people and was a regional hub for security and humanitarian efforts before this year’s escalation of fighting, the international airport is still closed, government services such as bank operations are yet to resume and residents have reported a surge in crimes and in the prices of goods. “We are waiting to see what will happen because so far, both sides continue to clash and attack each other,” said Moise Bauma, a 27-year-old student in rebel-held Bukavu city. This is not the end but it’s a good step.” The conflict can be traced to the aftermath of the 1994 genocide in Rwanda, where Hutu militias killed between 500,000 and 1 million ethnic Tutsi, as well as moderate Hutus and Twa, Indigenous people. Rwanda, on the other hand, has conditioned a permanent ceasefire on Congo dissolving a local militia that it said is made up of the Hutus and is fighting with the Congolese military.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/creative-director-dario-vitale-exits-versace-days-after-128115302
Article: Creative director Dario Vitale is leaving Italian fashion brand Versace only eight months after he was appointed, the company said in a statement Thursday A man walks with a Prada shopping bag in front of a Versace shop, at the Montenapoleone luxury fashion street, in Milan, Italy, Tuesday, Dec. “We would like to sincerely thank Dario for his outstanding contribution to the development of the brand’s creative strategy during this transition period, and we wish him all the very best in his future endeavors,” Versace said in a statement. He was only the third creative director after Gianni Versace, who was killed in 1997, and his sister Donatella Versace, who assumed the role after his death until Vitale took over.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/eurovision-chiefs-face-thorny-question-israel-part-2026-128100305
Article: At least four countries have announced they are pulling out of next year’s Eurovision Song Contest At least 4 countries pull out of Eurovision as Israel’s participation roils contest FILE - Singer Yuval Raphael, from Israel, holds the national flag during a dress rehearsal for the Grand Final of the 69th Eurovision Song Contest, May 16, 2025, in Basel, Switzerland. (AP Photo/Martin Meissner, File) FILE - Singer Yuval Raphael, from Israel, holds the national flag during a dress rehearsal for the Grand Final of the 69th Eurovision Song Contest, May 16, 2025, in Basel, Switzerland. (AP Photo/Martin Meissner, File) GENEVA -- Public broadcasters from at least four countries — including Spain and the Netherlands — on Thursday pulled out of next year’s Eurovision Song Contest after organizers decided to allow Israel to compete. The pullouts, which were joined by Ireland and Slovenia, came after a general assembly of the European Broadcasting Union — a group of public broadcasters from 56 countries that runs the event — met to discuss concerns about Israel’s participation, which some countries oppose over its conduct of the war in Gaza. Earlier, EBU members voted to adopt tougher voting rules in response to allegations that Israel manipulated the vote in favor of their contestants, but took no action to exclude any broadcaster from the competition. A report on the website of Icelandic broadcaster RUV, meanwhile, said it would meet next Wednesday to discuss whether Iceland would take part, after its board last week recommended that Israel be barred from the contest in Vienna next May. The broadcasting union, in a statement emailed to The Associated Press, said it was aware that four broadcasters — RTVE in Spain, AVROTROS in the Netherlands, RTE in Ireland, and Slovenia's RTVSLO — had publicly said they would not take part. Israeli President Isaac Herzog said on X that he was “pleased” Israel will again take part, and hoped "the competition will remain one that champions culture, music, friendship between nations, and cross-border cultural understanding.” “Thank you to all our friends who stood up for Israel’s right to continue to contribute and compete at Eurovision,” he added. However, Dutch broadcaster AVROTROS said that the participation of Israel “is no longer compatible with the responsibility we bear as a public broadcaster.” Spain's state broadcaster RTVE echoed similar concerns, expression “serious doubts about the participation of Israeli broadcaster KAN” according to Secretary General Alfonso Morales. Several of the broadcasters — which run their country's news programs and wanted Israel kept out — cited killings of journalists in the conflict in Gaza and Israel's continued policy of denying international journalists access to the territory. Israeli broadcaster KAN's chief executive Golan Yochpaz questioned whether EBU members are "willing to be part of a step that harms freedom of creation and freedom of expression.” KAN officials said the Israeli broadcaster was not involved in any prohibited campaign intended to influence the results of the latest song contest in Basel, Switzerland last May — when Israel's Yuval Raphael placed second. The war in Gaza has been its biggest challenge, with pro-Palestinian protesters demonstrating against Israel outside the last two Eurovision contests in Basel, Switzerland, in May and Malmo, Sweden, in 2024. Opponents of Israel's participation cite the war in Gaza, which has left more than 70,000 people dead, according to the territory's Health Ministry, which operates under the Hamas-run government and whose detailed records are viewed as generally reliable by the international community. Earlier, it wasn't clear whether a decrease in violence in Gaza, where a U.S.-brokered ceasefire is holding, or planned EBU plans to change voting processes would placate some broadcasters who opposed Israel's participation. A boycott by some European broadcasters could have implications for viewership and money at a time when many broadcasters are under financial pressure from government funding cuts and the advent of social media. The controversy over Israel's 2026 participation also threatens to overshadow the return next year of three countries — Bulgaria, Moldova and Romania — after periods of absence because of financial and artistic reasons.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/norway-donates-christmas-tree-london-year-tradition-began-128101105
Article: Here's how the tradition began Oslo Mayor Anne Lindboe, right and Lord Mayor of Westminster, Paul Dimoldenberg, cut down the annual Christmas tree for London, in Oslo, Norway, Friday, Nov. (Jonas Faeste Laksekjoen/NTB Scanpix via AP) Oslo Mayor Anne Lindboe, right and Lord Mayor of Westminster, Paul Dimoldenberg, cut down the annual Christmas tree for London, in Oslo, Norway, Friday, Nov. (Jonas Faeste Laksekjoen/NTB Scanpix via AP) LONDON -- London's Christmas tree in Trafalgar Square will be lit up Thursday as part of a British tradition with roots in the Norwegian forest. From there, it traveled roughly 26 hours aboard a ship — stored below deck to protect it from saltwater — to Immingham, about 239 kilometers (149 miles) north of Trafalgar Square in London.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/lithuanian-court-convicts-leader-governing-party-inciting-hatred-128101925
Article: A Lithuanian court has convicted the leader of one of the parties in the country’s coalition government for making antisemitic comments and fined him 5,000 euros or about $5,800 Lithuanian court convicts the leader of a governing party of inciting hatred against Jews FILE -Leader of the Nemuno Aušra (Nemunas Dawn) party Remigijus Žemaitaitis, speaks at a press conference after a first round of Lithuania's parliamentary election, in Vilnius, Lithuania, Oct. (AP Photo/Mindaugas Kulbis, File) FILE -Leader of the Nemuno Aušra (Nemunas Dawn) party Remigijus Žemaitaitis, speaks at a press conference after a first round of Lithuania's parliamentary election, in Vilnius, Lithuania, Oct. (AP Photo/Mindaugas Kulbis, File) VILNIUS, Lithuania -- A Lithuanian court on Thursday convicted the leader of one of the parties in the country's coalition government for making antisemitic comments and fined him 5,000 euros (about $5,800). The district court in the capital, Vilnius, found that Remigijus Žemaitaitis incited hatred against Jews, grossly downplayed Nazi Germany’s crimes and grossly minimized the Holocaust in an offensive and insulting manner. The case relates to social media posts and public statements from May and June 2023 in which, among other things, he wrote: “Apparently, for our journalists and local Lithuanian Jews, the demolition of schools in Palestine is yet another pastime?!" He also quoted an antisemitic nursery rhyme and made comments related to events during World War II. Judge Nida Vigelienė said that “Žemaitaitis chose and used language that was degrading, violated human dignity and demonstrated hatred.” Žemaitaitis resigned from Lithuania's parliament in 2024, after the country's constitutional court ruled that he had broken his oath and violated the constitution with his statements. But he returned in an election later last year at the head of the populist Nemuno Aušra party, which went on to enter a coalition government led by the center-left Social Democrats. He told reporters afterward that “everybody understands that this is a politicized decision." The Social Democrats said on Facebook that any form of antisemitism, hate speech or Holocaust denial is unacceptable and incompatible with their values.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/farmers-block-mexicos-congress-tractors-protest-new-national-128093200
Article: Farmers have driven their tractors to Mexico City to protest a new national farming water distribution proposal MEXICO CITY -- Dozens of farmers drove their tractors in a caravan to Mexico City and blocked an entrance to Mexico’s Congress on Wednesday to protest a new national water law that imposes stricter controls on water use. The farmers amassed outside the congressional chamber to protest the General Water Law proposal, which they say will take water away from the countryside and re-allocate it for discretionary use. “We are protesting against the imposition by the federal government of a new water law, a reform that puts at risk the ownership of our lands,” said Jorge Robles, a farmer from the northern state of Chihuahua. The farmers brought their demonstrations to the country’s capital less than a week after they and groups of truck drivers lifted road and highway blockades in at least seven of the country’s 32 states.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/uk-sanctions-russias-gru-spy-agency-2018-nerve-128102823
Article: Britain has sanctioned Russia’s GRU intelligence agency and summoned Moscow’s ambassador after an inquiry concluded that President Vladimir Putin was responsible for a nerve agent attack on British soil in 2018 By The Associated Press FILE - Personnel in protective gear work on a van in Winterslow, England, March 12, 2018, as investigations continue into the nerve-agent poisoning of former Russian intelligence officer Sergei Skripal and his daughter Yulia. (AP Photo/Frank Augstein, File) FILE - Personnel in protective gear work on a van in Winterslow, England, March 12, 2018, as investigations continue into the nerve-agent poisoning of former Russian intelligence officer Sergei Skripal and his daughter Yulia. (AP Photo/Frank Augstein, File) LONDON -- Britain sanctioned Russia’s GRU intelligence agency and summoned Moscow’s ambassador on Thursday after an inquiry concluded that President Vladimir Putin was responsible for a nerve agent attack on British soil in 2018. The government said that GRU was being sanctioned in its entirely over the attack in the city of Salisbury that targeted Sergei Skripal, a former Soviet agent who had defected to Britain. He concluded that Sturgess was “an innocent victim of an attempt by officers of a Russian state organization to conduct an assassination on the streets of Salisbury using a highly toxic nerve agent.” The U.K. British Prime Minister Keir Starmer said Hughes' findings “are a grave reminder of the Kremlin’s disregard for innocent lives.” “Dawn’s needless death was a tragedy and will forever be a reminder of Russia’s reckless aggression," he said.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/photos-offer-stunning-aerial-views-romes-colosseum-ancient-128103700
Article: Photos offer stunning aerial views of Rome’s Colosseum and ancient Forum By ALESSANDRA TARANTINO Associated Press and ANDREW MEDICHINI Associated Press An aerial view of the Colosseum, in Rome, Thursday, Dec.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/japans-takaichi-awarded-catchphrase-year-work-work-work-128094137
Article: Japanese Prime Minister Sanae Takaichi has won the catchphrase of the year for her pledge to “work, work, work, work and work” for the country Japan's Takaichi is winning fans not with politics but with her style and 'work, work, work' mantra Japanese Prime Minister Sanae Takaichi arrives at the prime minister's office in Tokyo on Oct. (Kyodo News via AP) TOKYO -- The pledge by Japanese Prime Minister Sanae Takaichi to “work, work, work, work and work” for her country has been named the catchphrase of the year, recognizing the effort Japan's first female leader had to make to reach the top. “I hope there is no misunderstanding.” Takaichi, within weeks of taking office in late October, sparked a deepening spat with Beijing over her remark about possible Japanese military action in the event that China attacks Taiwan. 4 she promised an all-out effort to rebuild the struggling party and regain public support, urging lawmakers to “work like a horse.” Then she added: “I will abandon the idea of a ‘work-life balance’ — I will work, work, work, work and work.” Repeating the word “work” in a low, determined voice left a strong impression at the time. “I sleep about two hours now, four hours at the longest,” Takaichi, who also provides care for her husband who is recovering from a stroke, told MPs at a budget committee meeting last month. Those who have found one often proudly post photos with a message: “Matching Sanae.” The attention Takaichi is receiving is usually reserved for pop stars, athletes and influencers in Japan who fans have access to only through television or the internet. The prime minister's fans show their loyalty by buying the same bag and pen she uses, just as fans of star athletes like Shohei Ohtani buy replicas of his uniform to cheer on the Dodgers, experts say. Takaichi has won admiration as a new type of role model for women who have not usually rooted for prime ministers in the past, says Namiko Kubo-Kawai, a psychology professor at Nagoya Shukutoku University.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/uk-sanctions-russias-gru-intelligence-agency-2018-nerve-128102825
Article: UK sanctions Russia’s GRU intelligence agency over a 2018 nerve agent attack that Britain says was ordered by Putin UK sanctions Russia’s GRU intelligence agency over a 2018 nerve agent attack that Britain says was ordered by Putin

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/police-spain-make-11-arrests-alleged-smuggling-300-128111440
Article: Police in Spain have dismantled a criminal network accused of smuggling around 300 people into the country, mostly from Nepal MADRID -- Spanish police on Thursday said they had broken up a criminal network linked to smuggling 300 workers into the country, mostly from Nepal. In a statement, police said most of those smuggled had entered on tourist visas — including for other countries within the European Union's so-called Schengen area, which is made up of 25 of the 27 EU member countries, plus Liechtenstein, Iceland, Norway and Switzerland.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/seal-galumphs-bar-bartender-grab-salmon-128098757
Article: It was a wet, lazy Sunday evening when the baby fur seal waddled into the Sprig + Fern The Meadows craft beer bar in Richmond, at the top of New Zealand’s South Island. Another customer fetched a dog crate from home, and Evans made a plan to lure the unruly visitor out of its hiding place using a pizza topping the pub was offering as a special. “They had been driving around this new-build subdivision trying to find this baby seal.” New Zealand’s conservation agency confirmed it received “numerous” reports from the public about a seal spotted in Richmond on Sunday before the fugitive turned up at the pub. It's not unusual for curious young seals to show up in unexpected places at this time of year, she added, as they follow rivers and streams up to 15 km (9 miles) inland.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/putin-calls-talks-us-ending-ukraine-war-difficult-128100480
Article: plan to end the war in Ukraine are unacceptable to the Kremlin Putin says there are points he can't agree to in the US proposal to end Russia's war in Ukraine Russian President Vladimir Putin attends an international forum of civil participation "We Are Together" in Moscow, Russia, Wednesday, Dec. But the effort has once again run into demands that are hard to reconcile, especially over whether Ukraine must give up land to Russia and how it can be kept safe from any future aggression by Moscow. Trump’s special envoy, Steve Witkoff, and son-in-law Jared Kushner, are set to meet with Ukraine’s lead negotiator, Rustem Umerov, later Thursday in Miami for further talks, according to a senior Trump administration official who wasn’t authorized to comment publicly and spoke on condition of anonymity. peace proposal, “which is why it took so long.” “This was a necessary conversation, a very concrete one,” he said, with provisions that Moscow was ready to discuss, while others “we can’t agree to.” Trump said Wednesday that Witkoff and Kushner came away from their marathon session confident that he wants to find an end to the war.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/asia-flood-death-toll-surpasses-1500-calls-grow-128101107
Article: Deaths from last week’s catastrophic floods and landslides in parts of Asia have surged past 1,500 By ADE YUANDHA Associated Press and NINIEK KARMINI Associated Press Flood survivors react as they receive relief goods during an aerial aid distribution using national disaster mitigation agency's helicopter in North Aceh, Indonesia, Thursday, Dec. (AP Photo/Reza Saifullah) PADANG, Indonesia -- Deaths from last week’s catastrophic floods and landslides in parts of Asia surged past 1,500 Thursday as rescue teams raced to reach survivors isolated by the disaster with hundreds of people still unaccounted for across the region. The leading Indonesian environmental group WALHI said that decades of deforestation — driven by mining, palm oil plantations, and illegal logging — stripped away natural defenses that once absorbed rainfall and stabilized soil. “Deforestation and unchecked development have stripped Sumatra of its resilience.” The group recorded more than 240,000 hectares (nearly 600,000 acres) of primary forest were lost in 2024 alone, leaving Sumatra’s small river basins dangerously exposed. Another environmental group, Global Forest Watch, has said the flood-inundated Indonesian provinces of Aceh, North Sumatra and West Sumatra have since 2000 lost 19,600 square kilometers (7,569 square miles) of forest, an area larger than the state of New Jersey. In Batang Toru, the worst-hit areas in North Sumatra, where seven companies operate, hundreds of hectares had been cleared for gold mining and energy projects, leaving slopes exposed and riverbeds choked with sediment.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/sperm-bank-cheetahs-day-save-fastest-land-animal-128097643
Article: American zoologist Laurie Marker has been collecting and storing specimens in a cheetah sperm bank in Namibia for 35 years, hoping conservationists never have to use them How a sperm bank for cheetahs might one day save the fastest land animal FILE - A cheetah descends from on top of a mound in the savannah of the Maasai Mara, Kenya, July 6, 2015. (AP Photo/Ben Curtis, File) CAPE TOWN, South Africa -- For 35 years, American zoologist Laurie Marker has been collecting and storing specimens in a cheetah sperm bank in Namibia, hoping conservationists never have to use them. “You don’t do anything with it unless until it’s needed,” Marker, one of the foremost experts on cheetahs, told The Associated Press from her research center near the Namibian city of Otjiwarongo. “And we never want to get to that point.” Conservationists mark World Cheetah Day on Thursday with less than 7,000 of them left in the wild, similar numbers to the critically endangered black rhino. Like so many species, the sleek cats that can run at speeds of 70 miles per hour (112 kilometers per hour) are in danger from habitat loss, human-wildlife conflict and the illegal animal trade. Other efforts around artificial reproduction have been successful, including a project that bred black-footed ferrets using artificial reproduction after they'd been reduced to a single wild population in Wyoming in the United States.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/honduras-president-hernndez-trump-message-release-128096871
Article: President Donald Trump for pardoning him in his first message after leaving prison Ex-Honduras president Hernández thanks Trump in first message since release FILE - Honduras' President Juan Orlando Hernandez speaks during the opening ceremony of the UN Climate Change Conference COP26 in Glasgow, Scotland, Monday Nov. Trump shocked Hondurans last Friday by announcing his intention to pardon Hernández two days before the country’s national elections, arguing that that the former leader had been the victim of an unjust and politically-motivated prosecution. Two years later, Hernández was sentenced to 45 years in prison in a New York federal courtroom for taking bribes from drug traffickers so they could move some 400 tons (360 metric tons) of cocaine north through Honduras to the United States.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/vatican-commission-ordaining-women-deacons-urges-ministries-128110150
Article: A second Vatican study commission has determined that women should not be ordained as deacons Vatican commission again says no to ordaining women as deacons, but urges other ministries Pope Leo XIV talks to reporters aboard an airplane as he returns from a six-day visit to Turkey and Lebanon, Tuesday, Dec. (Alessandro Di Meo/Pool Photo via AP) ROME -- A second Vatican study commission has determined that women should not be ordained as deacons, dealing another setback to Catholic women who hope one day to be able to preside at weddings, baptisms and funerals. Pope Francis in 2016 ordered a first study commission on the issue following a request from the umbrella organization of the world’s female religious orders, the International Union of Superiors General. Given the impasse, the current state of research “rules out the possibility of moving in the direction of admitting women to the diaconate understood as a degree of the sacrament of Holy Orders” the report said. But it left open the possibility for further study, saying the current state of investigation doesn’t allow for a “definitive judgment to be formulated.” Catholic women do much of the church’s work in schools and hospitals and are usually responsible for passing the faith to the next generation. Advocates for expanding the diaconate to include women say doing so would provide women with greater role in the ministry and governance of the church, while also helping address the effects of the Catholic priest shortage in parts of the world by allowing women to perform some priestly functions. The female diaconate was discussed during his 2019 Amazon synod, or meeting of bishops, and again during Francis’ bigger yearslong reform synod, which in 2024 called for the question to remain open. During a 2023 press conference, Prevost acknowledged that Francis had created the two study commissions but he warned that turning women into clerics “doesn’t necessarily solve a problem, it might make a new problem.” Phyllis Zagano, a researcher at Hofstra University in New York and a member of the 2016 commission, complained that the document issued Thursday “does its best to present the topic in a negative light” by arguing that “since women are barred from priestly ordination, they may not be ordained as deacons.” “The long report does not present evidence or a theological argument, only the opinion that more study is needed.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/turkeys-energy-minister-warns-threat-oil-gas-supplies-128099308
Article: Turkey’s energy minister has called for the supply of oil and gas in the Black Sea to be protected Turkey's energy minister warns of threat to oil and gas supplies after tankers targeted FILE -Turkish Deputy Energy Minister Alparslan Bayraktar gestures during a discussion on stage at the Gastech 2021 conference in Dubai, United Arab Emirates, Sept. (AP Photo/Jon Gambrell, File) ISTANBUL -- Turkey’s energy minister issued a call for the supply of oil and gas in the Black Sea to be protected after three Russian tankers were targeted off the Turkish coast. Alparslan Bayraktar said Turkey was concerned not just by the threat to shipping but also to two undersea pipelines, Blue Stream and Turk Stream, that carry natural gas from Russia to Turkey. President Recep Tayyip Erdogan condemned the earlier attacks as a threat to “navigational safety, life and the environment, especially in our own exclusive zone.” Russian oil and gas provide nearly half of Turkey’s total energy needs. Defending Turkey’s purchase of Russian oil and gas, Bayraktar said Russia had proved to be “a very reliable supply to the Turkish market” since Turkish households started switching to gas in the 1980s. The project's administrators had turned to China to provide components that western companies were unwilling to offer due to sanctions, but it still suffers financing issues including $2 billion “stuck in JP Morgan for a long time” when the West froze Russian assets, Bayraktar said.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/putin-arrives-new-delhi-state-visit-aimed-bolstering-128106303
Article: Russian President Vladimir Putin has landed in India on a state visit aimed at bolstering bilateral and economic ties between the two countries Putin arrives in New Delhi on a state visit aimed at bolstering Russia-India ties Men walk past a billboard with portraits of Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi, right, and Russian President Vladimir Putin, hours before the scheduled arrival of the latter in New Delhi, India, Thursday, Dec. (AP Photo) Men walk past a billboard with portraits of Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi, right, and Russian President Vladimir Putin, hours before the scheduled arrival of the latter in New Delhi, India, Thursday, Dec. On Friday, the two leaders will hold talks as part of the 23rd India-Russia Summit and discuss deepening economic cooperation, mainly in defense, energy and the mobility of skilled labor.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/indonesia-repatriate-2-convicted-dutch-drug-traffickers-including-128038635
Article: Indonesia and the Netherlands have agreed to repatriate two Dutch nationals convicted on drug offenses in Indonesia Indonesia's Coordinating Minister for Legal, Human Rights, Immigration and Correctional Affairs Yusril Ihza Mahendra, right, and Netherlands Ambassador to Indonesia Marc Gerritsen, left, show the document during the signing ceremony the practical arrangement between the government of Indonesia and Netherlands in Jakarta, Indonesia, Tuesday, Dec. (AP Photo/Achmad Ibrahim) Indonesia's Coordinating Minister for Legal, Human Rights, Immigration and Correctional Affairs Yusril Ihza Mahendra, right, and Netherlands Ambassador to Indonesia Marc Gerritsen, left, show the document during the signing ceremony the practical arrangement between the government of Indonesia and Netherlands in Jakarta, Indonesia, Tuesday, Dec. (AP Photo/Achmad Ibrahim) JAKARTA, Indonesia -- Indonesia and the Netherlands on Tuesday agreed to repatriate two Dutch nationals convicted on drug offences in Indonesia, including one facing the death penalty and another serving a life sentence. The agreement was signed by officials in both Jakarta and Amsterdam following a request by the Dutch king and foreign ministry for the release of the men, both of whom are in poor health, according to Indonesia’s senior law minister, Yusril Ihza Mahendra. Mahendra, who signed the agreement at a ceremony in Jakarta, said the request was approved by Indonesian President Prabowo Subianto, and that he expected the men to be returned to the Netherlands on Dec. The other man, Ali Tokman, 65, was taken into custody at Surabaya airport in December 2014 after customs officers found slightly more than 6 kilograms (13.5 pounds) of brown-colored MDMA, a psychoactive drug. The Dutch Ambassador to Indonesia, Marc Gerritsen, said the Netherlands had made the request for humanitarian reasons and is “very grateful that Indonesia allows these two Dutch detainees to be closer to their families." He said the agreed prison transfer illustrates the good cooperation between the two countries in the areas of justice and law. They included a Filipina who faced the death penalty for drugs, five Australians convicted of heroin trafficking, and two British nationals who also faced death penalty and life sentence for smuggling drugs to Indonesia. The United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime says Indonesia is a major drug smuggling hub despite having some of the strictest drug laws in the world, in part because international drug syndicates target its young population.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/ais-impact-worsen-gaps-worlds-rich-poor-report-128025672
Article: A new report by the United Nations Development Program is urging governments to focus more on how artificial intelligence technologies might affect people already disadvantaged in a data-driven world FILE - An usher directs an attendee to a seat for a seminar at a convention titled AI Expo in Tokyo, on Aug. (AP Photo/Hiro Komae, File) BANGKOK -- Behind the hoopla over the promise of artificial intelligence lay difficult realities, including how such technology might affect people already disadvantaged in a data-driven world. A new report by the United Nations Development Program notes most of the gains from AI are likely to be reaped by wealthy nations unless steps are taken to use its power to help close gaps in access to basic needs, as well as such advanced know-how. Questions over how companies and other institutions will use AI are a near universal concern given its potential to change or replace some jobs done by people with computers and robots. But while much of the attention devoted to AI focuses on productivity, competitiveness and growth, the more important question is what it will mean for human lives, the authors note. Asian nations including China, Japan, South Korea and Singapore are well placed to take advantage of AI tools, the report notes, while places like Afghanistan, the Maldives and Myanmar lack skills, reliable power and other resources needed to tap into the computing potential of AI. If such gaps are not closed, many millions may be excluded from the kinds of devices, digital payment systems, digital IDs and education and skills that are required to participate fully in the global economy.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/renowned-astronomers-push-protect-chiles-cherished-night-sky-128057282
Article: Chile’s Atacama Desert is one of the darkest spots on Earth, a crown jewel for astronomers who flock to study the origins of the universe in this inhospitable desert along the Pacific coast FILE - Radio antennas are spread out on the terrain as part of one of the world's largest astronomy projects, the Atacama Large Millimeter/submillimeter Array (ALMA) in Chajnator in the Atacama desert in northern Chile, Sept. (AP Photo/Jorge Saenz, File) FILE - Radio antennas are spread out on the terrain as part of one of the world's largest astronomy projects, the Atacama Large Millimeter/submillimeter Array (ALMA) in Chajnator in the Atacama desert in northern Chile, Sept. (AP Photo/Jorge Saenz, File) SANTIAGO, Chile -- Chile’s Atacama Desert is one of the darkest spots on Earth, a crown jewel for astronomers who flock to study the origins of the universe in this inhospitable desert along the Pacific coast. A rare confluence of factors makes the Atacama an ideal home for some of the world’s biggest ground-based astronomical projects — dry climate, high altitude and, crucially, isolation from the light pollution of civilization. A private company is pressing ahead with plans to construct a giant renewable energy complex in sight of one of Earth’s most productive astronomical facilities — the Paranal Observatory, operated by an international consortium known as the European Southern Observatory, or ESO. In the letter, 30 renowned international astronomers, including Reinhard Genzel, a 2020 Nobel laureate in astrophysics who conducted much of his prize-winning research on black holes with the ESO-operated telescopes in the Atacama Desert, describe the project as “an imminent threat” to humanity's ability to study the cosmos, and unlock more of its unknowns. “The damage would extend beyond Chile’s borders, affecting a worldwide scientific community that relies on observations made at Paranal to study everything from the formation of planets to the early universe,” the letter reads. “We are convinced that economic development and scientific progress can and must coexist to the benefit of all people in Chile, but not at the irreversible expense of one of Earth’s unique and irreplaceable windows to the universe.” The scientists join a chorus of voices that have been urging the Chilean government to relocate the hydrogen-based fuel production plant since the plan was unveiled a year ago by AES Andes, an offshoot of the American-based multinational AES Corp. All of that — just 3 kilometers (1.9 miles) from the Paranal Observatory’s high-powered telescopes — will mess the view of key astronomical targets and could obstruct scientific advances, experts say. They are very stable, and even the smallest artificial turbulence would destroy these characteristics,” said Andreas Kaufer, the director of operations at ESO, which assesses that the AES project would increase light pollution by 35%. And, since we have the biggest and most sensitive telescopes at the best spot in the world, if they're lost for us, they're lost for everyone." Although this controversy might be specific to Chile, home to 40% of the world’s astronomy infrastructure, the project reflects the wider tension between natural darkness and industrialization tearing at countless countries as light pollution makes the night sky about 10% brighter each year. “Major observatories have been chased out to remote locations, and essentially now they’re chased out to some of the last remaining dark sky locations on Earth, like the Atacama Desert, the mountain peaks of Hawaii, areas around Tucson, Arizona,” said Ruskin Hartley, the executive director of DarkSky International, a Tuscon-based nonprofit founded by astronomers.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/massive-power-outage-hits-cubas-western-region-after-128073938
Article: A blackout has hit the western half of Cuba, including Havana, leaving millions of people without power on an island struggling with chronic outages blamed on a crumbling electric grid HAVANA -- A blackout hit Havana and the rest of the western half of Cuba on Wednesday, leaving millions of people without power on an island struggling with chronic outages blamed on a crumbling electric grid. “It’s very tough everywhere you look.” Cuba is going through a severe economic crisis that deepened during the coronavirus pandemic, which paralyzed the key tourism sector, and was exacerbated by an increase in U.S. While no fatalities were reported on the island, thousands of Cubans in the eastern region remained without power, water or proper shelter for nearly a month after the storm hit.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/wireStory/speaker-johnson-pleads-republicans-concerns-private-after-tumultuous-128123709
Article: Rank-and-file Republicans in the House are increasingly going public with anger towards their leadership Speaker of the House Mike Johnson, R-La., makes a statement to reporters without taking questions following a vote in the Senate to move forward with a stopgap funding bill to reopen the government through Jan. Scott Applewhite) Speaker of the House Mike Johnson, R-La., makes a statement to reporters without taking questions following a vote in the Senate to move forward with a stopgap funding bill to reopen the government through Jan. Cracks inside the GOP conference were stark this week as a member of Johnson’s own leadership team openly accused him of lying, rank-and-file Republicans acted unilaterally to force votes and a leadership-backed bill faltered. Kiley, who has grown vocally critical of Johnson after the GOP's nationwide redistricting campaign backfired in California, said that the speaker has been critical of rank-and-file Republicans, so “he needs to be prepared to accept any criticism that comes with the job.” “And I think, unfortunately, there’s been ample reason for criticism,” he added. For the first part of 2025, Johnson held together his slim Republican majority in the House to pass a number of President Donald Trump's priorities, including his massive spending and tax cut plan. But after Johnson kept members out of session for nearly two months during the government shutdown, they returned anxious to work on priorities that had been backlogged for months — and with the reality that their time in the majority may be running out. She told reporters Thursday that she expressed her frustrations directly to Johnson in a phone call, and also in what she described as “a deeply personal, deeply passionate letter, that we are legislating by discharge petition.” “We have a very slim majority, but I want President Trump’s executive orders codified,” Mace said. Why do we have to legislate by discharge petitions?” At the center of Johnson's pleas for members to bring concerns to him privately instead of on social media is the chairwoman of House Republican leadership, New York Rep. Angered that a provision she championed wasn't included in a defense authorization bill, Stefanik blasted Johnson's claims that he wasn't aware of the provision as “more lies from the Speaker.” She conducted a series of media interviews criticizing Johnson, including one with The Wall Street Journal in which she said he was a “political novice” who wouldn't be re-elected speaker if the vote were held today. Mary Miller released a statement Thursday providing support for Johnson, saying that while there are differences among members “our mission is bigger than any one individual or headline.” Democrats, who have had leadership criticisms of their own, have reveled in the GOP's disarray. House were on a special election Tuesday night in a Tennessee district that a Republican had won in 2024 by nearly 21 percentage points, with Trump carrying the area by a similar margin. “I do think to have that district that went by over 20 points a year ago be down to nine, it should be a wake up call,” said GOP Rep. He argued that Republicans need “to get some economic progress, like immediately,” adding that “the president and his team have got to come to grips” that tariffs are not driving the economic growth Americans are feeling. He added: “I think what would make a lot bigger impact is if the House played a proactive role in actually putting forward legislation that matters.” ___ Associated Press reporter Meg Kinnard in Columbia, South Carolina, contributed to this report.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/wireStory/republican-rep-darrell-issa-stay-california-after-flirting-128121226
Article: Darrell Issa to stay in California after flirting with US House run in Texas LOS ANGELES -- After flirting with the idea of leaving California to run for Congress in Texas, Republican Rep. Gavin Newsom, the rejiggered districts are intended to tip as many as five GOP seats to Democrats next year to offset President Donald Trump’s moves in Texas to gain five Republican seats.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/wireStory/florida-starts-redistricting-talks-growing-battle-house-control-128098462
Article: Florida is poised to join the wave of states debating how they might reshape congressional voting districts, as political parties grapple for an edge in next year’s midterm elections Opponents of mid-decade efforts to redraw congressional voting districts gather to protest in the Florida Capitol in Tallahassee, Fla., Dec. -- Florida’s Republican-controlled House is holding the first meeting of its select committee on congressional redistricting Thursday, as the state becomes the latest to consider redrawing electoral maps amid a partisan battle for every edge in next year’s midterm elections. The national wave of redistricting efforts was instigated by President Donald Trump, who hopes to buck the historical trend of the president’s party losing seats in midterms, and his allies are wagering that his adopted home state could yield three to five more seats for Republicans. Ron DeSantis and leaders in the GOP-dominated Legislature, along with a provision in the state Constitution that explicitly bars redrawing maps with the intent to “favor or disfavor a political party or an incumbent.” DeSantis has voiced support for redistricting and even called for a redo of the 2020 U.S. This week, in an interview with online outlet The Floridian, DeSantis floated the possibility of calling lawmakers back in a special session if they do not get redistricting done in the regular session, which is scheduled for Jan. Senate President Ben Albritton, also a Republican, has said there is “no ongoing work” on the matter in his chamber, citing the governor's desire to address it in the spring.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/wireStory/lawmakers-hear-navy-admiral-ordered-attack-killed-boat-128098443
Article: Bradley testifies during a Senate Armed Services Committee hearing to examine his nomination to be admiral and Commander, United States Special Operation Command, July 22, 2025, at the Capitol in Washington. military to fire upon survivors of an attack on an alleged drug boat is expected Thursday on Capitol Hill to provide a classified briefing to top congressional lawmakers overseeing national security. 2 ordered an attack on two survivors to comply with Hegseth's directive to “kill everybody.” Legal experts say the attack amounts to a crime if the survivors were targeted, and lawmakers on both sides of the aisle are demanding accountability. Bradley will speak to a handful of top congressional leaders, including the Republican chairs and ranking Democrats of the House and Senate committees on Armed Services, and separately to the GOP chairman and Democratic vice chairman on the Senate Intelligence Committee. “And yet the American public and the Congress are still not hearing basic facts.” As Bradley appears for questions in the classified setting, lawmakers will be seeking answers to key questions: What orders did Hegseth give regarding the operations? Hegseth has said the aftermath of an initial strike on the boat was clouded in the “fog of war.” He has also said he “didn’t stick around” for the second strike, but said Bradley “made the right call” and “had complete authority” to do it. Also on Thursday, the Defense Department inspector general was expected to release a partially redacted report into Hegseth's use of the Signal messaging app in March to share information about a military strike against Yemen’s Houthi militants. At the time of the attack, Bradley was the commander of Joint Special Operations Command, overseeing coordinated operations between the military's elite special operations units out of Fort Bragg in North Carolina. Thom Tillis, a North Carolina Republican, described Bradley as among those who are “rock solid” and “the most extraordinary people that have ever served in the military.” But lawmakers like Tillis have also made it clear they expect a reckoning if it is found that survivors were targeted. Jack Reed, the top Democrat on the Armed Services Committee, said he and Wicker have formally requested the executive orders authorizing the operations and the complete videos from the strikes. What remains unclear — and what lawmakers hope to clarify in their briefing with Bradley — was who ordered the strikes and whether Hegseth was involved, one of the people said. Republican lawmakers who are close to Trump have sought to defend Hegseth this week, standing behind the military campaign against drug cartels that the president deems “narco-terrorists.” “I see nothing wrong with what took place,” said Sen.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/wireStory/trump-pardons-texas-democratic-rep-cuellar-bribery-conspiracy-128076680
Article: Trump, who has argued that his own legal troubles were a partisan witch hunt, said on social media that the congressman and his wife, Imelda Cuellar, were prosecuted because Henry Cuellar had been critical of President Joe Biden’s immigration policies. Trump, a Republican, said in a social media post that Cuellar “bravely spoke out against Open Borders” and accused Biden, a Democrat, of going after the congressman and his wife “simply for speaking the TRUTH.” Federal authorities had charged Cuellar, 69, and his wife with accepting thousands of dollars in exchange for the congressman advancing the interests of an Azerbaijan-controlled energy company and a bank in Mexico.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/wireStory/california-republican-faces-long-odds-after-redistricting-seek-128090958
Article: Darrell Issa, a wealthy car alarm magnate, could make the jump from the Golden State to the Lone Star State in hopes of stretching his quarter-century in Congress at least a little bit longer. Texas is trying to make itself safer for Republicans while California is trying to help Democrats in response, part of a national gerrymandering battle ahead of next year's midterm elections. However, his current district has been redrawn to include the Democratic stronghold of Palm Springs after California voters passed Proposition 50 last month, making it far more difficult for Issa to be reelected. Liz Gover, a precinct chair for the Dallas County Republican Party, said she had a favorable view of Issa as a California congressman but noted he doesn't live in Texas and other candidates are seeking the seat. “Does he know Texas?” Day, the candidate in the district, asked, “If California voters aren't going to vote for him, I don’t know why he thinks Texas voters would vote for him?” “If he's looking for an easy seat, he's looking in the wrong place,” Day added.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/wireStory/justice-department-expands-legal-action-states-refused-demands-128058354
Article: Justice Department is suing six more states in its ongoing campaign to obtain voter data and other election information Justice Department expands legal action against states that have refused its demands for voter data BOSTON -- The Justice Department on Tuesday sued six more states in its ongoing campaign to obtain detailed voter data and other election information. It has portrayed the litigation as part of an effort to ensure the security of elections, but Democratic officials have raised concerns over how the data will be used and whether the department will follow privacy laws in protecting it. “States that continue to defy federal voting laws interfere with our mission of ensuring that Americans have accurate voter lists as they go to the polls, that every vote counts equally, and that all voters have confidence in election results." The department has requested the voter data from at least 26 states, according to an Associated Press tally. The New Mexico Secretary of State's office said it already provided the Justice Department with voter data that is publicly available, but said it's legally prevented from turning over “personal private voter information,” office spokesperson Alex Curtas said in a statement. Rhode Island Attorney General Attorney Peter Neronha said his office was aware of the lawsuit and called it the “latest example of the weaponization of the Department of Justice to further the Trump administration’s unlawful whims.” “We stand with and will defend the secretary, and win, because lawsuits concerning lawful conduct are largely unsuccessful,” Neronha said. "But I’m not surprised that this administration is confused about what it means to behave lawfully.” The Justice Department’s actions come alongside Trump's push to investigate the 2020 election, which he lost to Democrat Joe Biden, and influence the 2026 midterms.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/wireStory/tennessee-voters-make-final-call-house-special-election-128025121
Article: “Politicians who run from the president or abandon the common-sense policies that the American people gave us a resounding mandate on do so at their own peril,” Van Epps said at his victory party. I’m proud to be a part of it and can’t wait to get to work.” Trump congratulated Van Epps in a social media post, saying he won even though “the Radical Left Democrats threw everything at him.” At her own campaign gathering, Behn took the stage with a burst of energy, singing Dolly Parton’s “9 to 5” in a western-style rhinestoned suit. She noted that Republicans redrew the district three years ago to make it harder for Democrats to win, and “nobody in Washington believed we could get even this close.” “Tonight isn’t the end. It is the beginning of a next chapter of Tennessee and American politics — one of possibility, one of power and one of progress for the people that we love,” Behn said. Van Epps benefited from nearly $1.7 million in spending from MAGA Inc., according to a memo from the Trump-aligned group, with nearly half going toward digital advertising targeting people streaming video online. “It’s been a lot more important to beat Republicans in a primary.” “This time,” he added, “we had to pay attention.” Republican leaders had hoped for a convincing victory to scuttle Democratic claims that even red districts are now in play as Trump struggles with low approval ratings and persistent economic dissatisfaction. Van Epps aligned with the president as closely as possible, telling him during the November tele-rally, “I will have your back 100%.” He won a crowded primary by a wide margin in October with a late endorsement from Trump. Behn focused her campaign on fiery criticisms of economic policies that she said prioritize wealthy people and corporations, including Trump’s tariffs and budget and spending law, both of which Van Epps supports. But Republicans created a steady drumbeat of Behn’s own words used against her in television advertising, such as when she described herself as a “radical” and made harsh remarks about Nashville and its tourist draws. Trump supporter Anthony Bordonaro, 37, said Tuesday that he wants the president’s policies to move forward but pointed to those anti-Nashville comments as extra motivation to vote for Van Epps.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/wireStory/la-rams-surprising-loss-panthers-contained-reasons-concern-128021515
Article: The Los Angeles Rams’ tenure atop the NFC standings ended quickly with their most surprising loss of the season by far Los Angeles Rams running back Kyren Williams scores against the Carolina Panthers during the second half of an NFL football game, Sunday, Nov. (AP Photo/Jacob Kupferman) LOS ANGELES -- Although the Los Angeles Rams' tenure atop the NFC standings ended quickly with their most surprising loss of the season by far, coach Sean McVay says he saw nothing to change his optimistic outlook for the rest of the season. The main areas in which the Rams (9-3) struggled in their rain-soaked, 31-28 loss to the Carolina Panthers on Sunday hadn't been big areas of concern for McVay's team before this game, and he doesn't think the problems will linger. He'll find out whether he's correct starting next weekend, when the Rams begin a stretch of three games in three cities over 12 days with their playoff hopes on the line. “There's an ownership, there's an accountability and there's a security to acknowledge where we can improve and move forward, and that starts with us as coaches.” Two areas of struggle stood out as the key factors in the Panthers' upset win: The Los Angeles defense's inability to stop Carolina's steady rushing attack, and Matthew Stafford's three turnovers. The Rams are in the middle of the NFL pack in run defense, but a team that has won nine games and hadn’t trailed since Week 6 is likely to face more passes from trailing opponents. Poona Ford, the Rams’ run-stopping defensive tackle, played only 19 snaps at Carolina because of a calf injury, forcing youngsters Tyler Davis and Ty Hamilton to play more than normal. They made some plays on those critical downs.” McVay probably doesn't have to do anything to fix the mistakes by Stafford, who hadn't thrown an interception in his previous eight games during a strong season. The first end zone interception came on a tipped ball, while the second — a pick-6 — was simply a bad decision made quickly by a quarterback who has been stellar in tight spots all season long. Without those errors, the Rams would have been in position to win, McVay believes — and his team's first three months were too solid for him to panic down the playoff stretch. Seen is better than said.” Davante Adams remains a touchdown machine, catching two more scoring throws to boost his total to an NFL-best 14 — tied for the second most in a season in his 12-year career. While Emmanuel Forbes was in coverage on both, the cornerback isn't solely responsible for the defense's inability to stop big plays — including a third TD pass by Young on which Chuba Hubbard could have been tackled multiple times. Running back Blake Corum had his most impactful game as a pro with a career-high 81 yards on just seven carries, including a 34-yard scamper and a 2-yard TD run. The Cardinals are the only NFC West team not in playoff contention, yet the Rams took a humiliating 41-10 loss in Glendale early last season before McVay got his team fixed.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/wireStory/fortunate-flags-broncos-extended-win-streak-9-officials-128028371
Article: The Denver Broncos' 27-26 victory in overtime at Washington extended their winning streak to nine games Fortunate flags: How the Broncos extended their win streak to 9 with a little help from officials Denver Broncos outside linebacker Nik Bonitto (15) blocks a pass attempt by Washington Commanders quarterback Marcus Mariota (8) on a failed two-point conversion attempt in overtime of an NFL football game Monday, Dec. (AP Photo/Nick Wass) Denver Broncos outside linebacker Nik Bonitto (15) blocks a pass attempt by Washington Commanders quarterback Marcus Mariota (8) on a failed two-point conversion attempt in overtime of an NFL football game Monday, Dec. The Broncos (10-2) stretched their winning streak to nine games with a 27-26 overtime thriller at Washington on Sunday night, but they were adied by three calls and one non-call that went their way in the waning minutes of the fourth quarter and overtime. The Commanders (3-9) overcame a pair of penalties on back-to-back snaps that raised both eyebrows and hackles on their final drive of regulation, which ended in a 32-yard field goal by Jake Moody as time expired. Expedited review showed Mariota was indeed down by contact 19 yards earlier but it was because edge rusher Dondrea Tillman had tripped him, which should have been a 15-yard flag on Denver. So, Washington instead faced third-and-21 from its 25-yard line and had to punt after Alex Singleton broke up Mariota’s deep pass to tight end Zach Ertz that would have given the Commanders a first down. On second-and-10 from the Washington 26, Commanders star receiver Terry McLaurin was interfered with by the NFL's reigning Defensive Player of the Year, Patrick Surtain II, who wrapped his right arm around McLaurin's neck before the ball arrived. And yes, there was a moment where he got set, but I don’t think at this point in the game that’s a foul.” So, the Commanders faced first-and-15 from their 46. By rule, that is not intentional grounding.” Unruffled, Mariota hit Ertz for 8 yards on fourth-and-6 from the Denver 45, then connected with Deebo Samuel for gains of 10 and 7 yards to help set up Moody's tying kick as the clock hit zeros. But Denver's defense was gassed, having just spent 18 plays on the field at the end of regulation and getting no help from the Broncos offense, which punted on its final three drives of regulation. While the Broncos defenders caught their breath on the sideline, Bo Nix hit tight end Evan Engram for a 41-yard gain to the Washington 11 that set up RJ Harvey's short touchdown run. But on the 2-point conversion attempt to win it, Broncos edge rusher Nik Bonitto was left unblocked and batted down Mariota's pass to wide-open running back Jeremy McNichols to secure Denver's ninth straight victory, all of which have required comebacks. It was just a matter of just finding another way to win the game, and we did that.” The Broncos, who have won their last four games by 10 points total, insist luck has nothing to do with their winning streak, their longest in 13 years.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/wireStory/vikings-realize-reasons-reeling-offense-run-deeper-qb-128019820
Article: The rookie making his first career start was swarmed by Seattle defensive end DeMarcus Lawrence, who had barreled into the backfield unblocked on this fourth-and-1 play from the 4-yard line and chased Brosmer all the way back to the 24 with the Seahawks leading by just a field goal late in the second quarter on Sunday. Then in the last moment to avoid a turnover on downs, Brosmer heaved an underhanded ball from behind his back that became a turnover by desperation, a stunningly reckless toss that linebacker Ernest Jones easily snagged for an 86-yard return for a touchdown, the first of four interceptions thrown by Brosmer. Yes, the glaring inexperience at quarterback has ultimately doomed the Vikings this season, but they've got a system-wide mess to address with an offense that was one of the most dynamic and productive in the league just last season. “We just haven't been anywhere near our standard of doing things,” O'Connell said after the 26-0 loss, the first shutout in 18 years for a Vikings team that is now averaging the fifth-fewest points per game (18.7) in the NFL. But the problems hovering over the offense in this final stretch of the schedule include every position and coach, not to mention the salary cap situation the Vikings (4-8) must tackle in the offseason. As the play-caller and primary designer of a scheme that has proven over time it can consistently create a potent downfield passing attack, O'Connell must determine once and for all how to revamp the strategy in a way that suits the Vikings as they're currently constructed for the foreseeable future. The Vikings have a chance to get all three injured offensive linemen back in the starting lineup on Sunday, with center Ryan Kelly (hip), left guard Donovan Jackson (ankle) and left tackle Christian Darrisaw (foot, knee) all with day-to-day status, O'Connell said. Jackson might face the longest odds to play of those three, but O'Connell said the rookie was “improving by the day.” Running back Aaron Jones (shoulder) suffered no new damage, only aggravating a previous injury.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/wireStory/progressive-group-targets-senate-democrats-backing-trumps-judicial-128067761
Article: A progressive group is targeting two Senate Democrats and an independent senator who voted to confirm some of President Donald Trump's judicial nominees Injuries from a fall are seen on the face of Sen. (AP Photo/Julia Demaree Nikhinson) A progressive group is targeting two Senate Democrats and an independent senator who voted to confirm some of President Donald Trump's judicial nominees, promising to spend more than $1 million in hopes of pushing congressional Democrats to take a stronger stand against the Republican president. In a weeklong advertising campaign that began on Wednesday, Demand Justice is targeting only senators who aren't up for reelection next year: Democrats John Fetterman of Pennsylvania and Maggie Hassan of New Hampshire, along with independent Angus King of Maine, who caucuses with Democrats. He threatened an escalation targeting more imminently vulnerable lawmakers and those with presidential ambitions unless they “find their moral compass, and stand up to Trump.” “We want to change Senate Democratic behavior so that they begin acting in a more moral way and in a more politically expedient way,” Orton said. The push comes after eight members of the Senate Democratic caucus — including Fetterman, Hassan and King — joined with Republicans to end a government shutdown, a move that angered large swaths of the party's base. The Democratic base is clamoring for its representatives to aggressively challenge Trump, who has pushed the boundaries of presidential power to new heights since returning to the White House in January. “If Democrats have a problem with somebody that votes 91% of the same times as you are — more than nine out of 10 times — then maybe our party has a bigger problem,” Fetterman said. Hassan said she voted to reopen the government, despite the backlash on the left, because many of her constituents were suffering and it was unlikely Republicans would agree to a better deal. She said she supported some of Trump's executive branch nominees “who are qualified or acting in good faith." King was the lone member of the Democratic Caucus to vote to confirm a federal judge in Missouri who, as a lawyer, had worked on cases challenging abortion rights.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/wireStory/republican-victory-tennessee-special-election-fails-dispel-2026-128075034
Article: Republicans will need to defend much more vulnerable seats if they have any hope of keeping their House majority, while Democrats are capitalizing on President Donald Trump’s unpopularity and the public's persistent frustration with the economy. If there were similar numbers across the country next year, “we would be looking at a blue wave far worse than 2018." Republican Matt Van Epps, a military veteran and former state general services commissioner, defeated Democratic state Rep. Tennessee was the fifth House special election this year, and Democratic candidates have outperformed Kamala Harris’ showing in the 2024 presidential race by an average of 16 percentage points in the same districts. Cruz said his party must “set out the alarm bells” because next year is "going to be a turnout election and the left will show up.” Although inflation has dropped since Democrat President Joe Biden was in office, Behn focused her campaign on the lingering concerns about prices. It doesn't mean anything to anybody, they just say it.” Maintaining House control is crucial for Trump, who fears a repeat of his first term, when Democrats flipped the House and launched an impeachment inquiry. "And you cannot assume that, because anything can happen." Chip Saltsman, a political strategist and former Tennessee Republican Party chair, said his party had brought in its heaviest hitters simply because there were not other competing contests, not because Republicans feared a loss. Not now, not ever." Although Democrats were optimistic, the result contributed to some murmuring within the party about the best path forward as it grasps for a path back to power in Washington. “Each time we nominate a far-left candidate in a swing district who declares themselves to be radical and alienates the voters in the middle who deliver majorities, we set back that cause,” said a statement from Lanae Erickson, a senior vice president at Third Way, a centrist Democrat think tank.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/wireStory/president-trumps-contempt-shocks-countrys-largest-somali-community-128091357
Article: Even for a president who has long made clear he’s no fan of Somalia, the latest round of contempt from Donald Trump was a shock in the country’s largest Somali community in Minnesota Protesters gather at a rally for immigrant and worker outside Signature Aviation near the Minneapolis–Saint Paul International Airport, Wednesday, Dec 3, 2025, in Minneapolis. (AP Photo/Tom Baker) MINNEAPOLIS -- Even for a president who has long made clear he’s no fan of Somalia, the latest round of White House contempt was a shock Wednesday in the country’s largest Somali community. “We can go one way or the other, and we’re going to go the wrong way if we keep taking in garbage into our country.” Trump doubled down Wednesday: “Somalians should be out of here. Refugees from the East African nation have been coming to the frigid plains of Minnesota since the 1990s, drawn by the state’s generous social services and an ever-growing diaspora community. Trump spoke soon after reports that federal authorities are preparing a targeted immigration enforcement operation in Minnesota that would primarily focus on Somali immigrants living unlawfully in the U.S., according to a person familiar with the planning. Trump vowed last week in a social media post to send Somalis “back to where they came from,” and alleged Minnesota is “a hub of fraudulent money laundering activity.” Later Tuesday, the administration said it was pausing all immigration applications such as requests for green cards for people from 19 countries, including Somalia, banned from travel to the U.S.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/wireStory/clippers-slew-future-hall-famers-5-16-slew-128028347
Article: And at 5-16, they have a slew of problems Los Angeles Clippers forward Kawhi Leonard (2) prepares to shoot a free throw during the second half of an NBA basketball game against the Miami Heat, Monday, Dec. (AP Photo/Lynne Sladky) Los Angeles Clippers forward Kawhi Leonard (2) prepares to shoot a free throw during the second half of an NBA basketball game against the Miami Heat, Monday, Dec. “And we're not finding one at the moment.” Here's just some of what happened on Monday night: The Clippers missed 11 consecutive shots and let Miami go on a 30-2 run in the first half, gave up 12 unanswered points in 122 seconds to open the second half, and just when it seemed there was a tiny chance — what had been a 38-point Heat lead was trimmed to 12 with 2:00 left — Miami scored nine straight points in 52 seconds. “I would have never guessed that they were going to be 5-16 and where they’re at right now," said Miami's Norman Powell — who is on pace for the best season of his career, even better than the career-best numbers he put up last season with Los Angeles. And there's already some grumbling around the league about how Oklahoma City — the defending NBA champion off to a 20-1 start this season — could end up with the Clippers' first-round draft pick as part of the Paul George deal that sent Shai Gilgeous-Alexander to the Thunder years ago. “There's a fine line in this league, particularly now when there's parity and way more teams going for it and then you're seeing this new wave of teams that haven't necessarily been at the top of their conferences and see opportunity," Heat coach Erik Spoelstra said after Miami's win over the Clippers. But only one of those seven teams recovered from such a bad start and won a playoff series — the 1977-78 Seattle SuperSonics, a team near and dear to the heart of Clippers owner Steve Ballmer, who tried to save the Sonics before he wound up buying the Clippers. “It's not going to be easy, but if you do things the right way things are going to start falling in line.” There's three-fourths of the season left to play, but the Clippers — a franchise with 14 consecutive winning seasons, the longest active streak in the league — sure seem to be running out of time to figure out how this will work.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/wireStory/democratic-us-sen-mark-warner-launches-bid-reelection-128043689
Article: Mark Warner, D-Va., the top Democrat on the Senate Intelligence Committee, speaks about the Trump administration following reports that only Republican lawmakers received security briefings on the Trump-ordered military strikes against boats in the Caribbean, during a news conference at the Capitol in Washington, Thursday, Oct.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/wireStory/coming-clutch-remains-issue-reeling-saints-128021733
Article: The Saints found a new and unusual way to lose after a largely competitive showing at Miami Coming through in the clutch remains an issue for the reeling Saints New Orleans Saints wide receiver Chris Olave (12) is unable to catch a pass during the second half of an NFL football game against the Miami Dolphins Sunday, Nov. (AP Photo/Rebecca Blackwell) New Orleans Saints wide receiver Chris Olave (12) is unable to catch a pass during the second half of an NFL football game against the Miami Dolphins Sunday, Nov. In the end, it was the latest example of the team's inability to come through in crunch time in what is now a double-digit-loss campaign Down 16-0 at halftime on the road, it would have surprised few if the reeling Saints had faded down the stretch at a Dolphins squad that has shown improved form lately. “As frustrated as this loss is — they're tough — there's nothing easy about losing — I love the way our guys battled and I love the way the positives coming out of this game are going to be able to be built off of.” Instead, New Orleans rallied with Chris Olave's touchdown catch and Tyler Shough's QB run for a 2-point conversion, a 56-yard field goal from a former Gaelic Football player making his NFL debut — and then got a late touchdown from receiver Devaughn Vele, a second-year pro. The Saints (2-10) lined up for a 2-point conversion for the tie, only to have it intercepted and run back the other way to extend the Dolphins' lead to 21-17. They might have been more committed to the run had they not fallen behind 16-0 in the first half, but it nonetheless continued a trend of anemic showings on the ground for an offense that ranks 29th in the league in rushing. And the 36-year-old Jordan, now in his 15th NFL season (all with New Orleans), continues to show he might be able to play beyond this season, when he's due to become an unrestricted free agent. The Saints travel to Tampa Bay on Sunday for their final meeting this season with the Buccaneers, who entered this week clinging to a half-game lead over Carolina for first place in the NFC South.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/wireStory/seattles-defense-peaking-time-seahawks-compete-nfc-west-128021188
Article: The Seattle Seahawks are tied for the NFC West lead, and their defense has played a major role in their success Seattle's defense is peaking at the right time as the Seahawks compete for the NFC West title RENTON, Wash. -- The Seattle Seahawks have fielded a handful of memorable defenses, ranging from the 2013 “Legion of Boom” unit to the 1984 team that featured the late Kenny Easley and forced a franchise-record 63 turnovers. All that has taken place with safety Julian Love missing nine games with a hamstring injury, defensive tackle Johnathan Hankins missing the whole season with a back ailment and plenty of other key players shuffling in and out of the lineup.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/wireStory/pete-carroll-searches-answers-raiders-dismal-season-continues-128022210
Article: Watching the Raiders on Sundays is painful for their fans, but there could be a big payoff for a franchise that generally does not like to tank for high picks. It's difficult to judge Ashton Jeanty because of the Raiders' awful offensive line, but other than a tackle-breaking run here and there, the running back has done little on his own to justify the No. That combination has happened only four other times at this point in a season in franchise history — 2018 (2-10, -12.3), 2014 (1-11, -13.4), 1962 (0-12, -13.5) and 1961 (2-10, -14.7).

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/wireStory/abdul-carter-benched-sideshow-giants-lost-season-128043904
Article: Abdul Carter was benched for the start of a second New York Giants game in three weeks in what interim coach Mike Kafka repeatedly only called his decision New England Patriots quarterback Drake Maye, right, runs for a first down against New York Giants linebacker Abdul Carter, left, during the second half of an NFL football game Monday, Dec. (AP Photo/Charles Krupa) New England Patriots quarterback Drake Maye, right, runs for a first down against New York Giants linebacker Abdul Carter, left, during the second half of an NFL football game Monday, Dec. (AP Photo/Charles Krupa) Abdul Carter was benched for the start of a second game in three weeks since Mike Kafka took over as the New York Giants' interim coach, and the No. After the Giants lost 33-15 at New England on Monday night, their seventh consecutive defeat to fall to 2-11 going into their bye week, Kafka repeatedly only called it his decision. When asked if it was a disciplinary reason, Kafka said, “No, it was just my decision not to play him.” “That was a coach’s decision — my decision,” Kafka said. “Based on how we went during the week, just that was the decision I wanted to make." Carter acknowledged missing a walk-through caused him to miss the Packers' first drive on Nov. Jaxson Dart taking big hits in his return from a concussion made the quarterback’s willingness to run and absorb contact for an extra yard or 2 an even bigger topic of conversation. The ball was moving when I was driving to it, so I just pulled up on it.” Signed to the practice squad after getting released by Atlanta, Koo had won the starting job after Graham Gano was injured and Jude McAtamney struggled. The Commanders coming off a trip to the NFC championship game have had just about everything go wrong, and they're now jockeying for draft position with the Giants instead of contending for a playoff spot.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/wireStory/tiger-woods-dealing-uncertain-times-golf-ryder-cup-128047179
Article: Tiger Woods dealing with uncertain times with his golf, the Ryder Cup and reshaping the PGA Tour FILE - Tiger Woods, of the United States, walks to the 18th green during the second round of the British Open Golf Championships at Royal Troon golf club in Troon, Scotland, July 19, 2024. (AP Photo/Scott Heppell, File) FILE - Tiger Woods, of the United States, walks to the 18th green during the second round of the British Open Golf Championships at Royal Troon golf club in Troon, Scotland, July 19, 2024. Once I get a feel for practicing, exploding, playing, the recovery process, then I can assess where I'm going to play and how much I'll play.” As for the Ryder Cup, he turned down the captaincy for this year and was thought to be the logical choice for Adare Manor in Ireland in 2027. What's consuming his time is the one area that doesn't involve birdies and bogeys, and it might be far more important than whether he tees it up at the Masters or joins the 50-and-older circuit on the PGA Tour Champions a few times next year. “But I think that in the end, we're going to have a product that is far better than what we have now for everyone involved.” The three principles driving Rolapp's vision are parity, simplicity and scarcity. It's the scarcity that has so many players nervous — fewer tournaments, shorter fields, slimmer odds for players who can't just show up and expect to contend the way Woods once did, and the way Scottie Scheffler does now. So there’s a scarcity side of it that’s not as scary as people might think.” Rolapp also soothed some concerns about a star-driven tour when he said on the CNBC “CEO Council Forum” last week, "Every sport has stars. His legacy will be 82 titles on the PGA Tour, his 15 majors, the only player to hold all four major championships at the same time, the player who went more than seven years without missing a cut. This will be the first year without competing in a PGA Tour-sanctioned tournament since he made his debut in 1992 at age 16 in the Los Angeles Open (he played the PNC Championship in 2021 after missing the entire season after his car crash in Los Angeles). So when he was asked why he wanted to stage yet another comeback, Woods smiled and replied, “Come back to what point?” “I'd like to come back to just playing golf again,” Woods said. He thought back to his roots in public golf, to that first PGA Tour tee shot at Riviera at age 16, to winning the Masters at 21 and reaching No. Now I am able to make an impact in a different way for generations to come — not just generations that I played against, but for future generations like a 16-year-old looking for a place to play and maybe in hopes of playing the PGA Tour.” At the moment, that's his biggest challenge.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/wireStory/james-solomon-elected-jersey-city-mayor-turning-nj-128025124
Article: So I say tonight, an affordable Jersey City starts now.” Solomon, a city council member since 2017, defeated McGreevey in a runoff after they finished first and second in an initial round of voting Nov. “There’s nothing I would change in this campaign,” McGreevey said, adding that he’d walked every block in the small city and visited every one of its churches, mosques and temples while getting to know its people. It was the first time he was running for public office since resigning as governor in 2004 — a stunning announcement remembered mostly for the spectacle of him declaring: “I am a gay American.” McGreevey’s exit was driven in part by controversy over his decision to hire a man he said was his lover, former Israeli naval officer Golan Cipel, as the state’s homeland security adviser in 2002 despite Cipel’s lack of qualifications and inability to obtain necessary security clearances. In his victory remarks, Solomon thanked McGreevey for his candidacy, but on the campaign trail he’d said that the former governor represented the “politics of the past.” “There were just scandal after scandal after scandal,” Solomon said in a recent interview. ”I was like, ‘you know, I think I can do something I can give back to Jersey City, because Jersey City really had my back during my toughest time.’” Solomon said he plans to hire 100 new police officers and supports creating a civilian complaint review board for Jersey City, akin to the police oversight agency in New York City, which would give residents an hand in investigating police misconduct.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/wireStory/judge-issues-injunction-restricting-immigration-arrests-nations-capital-128061726
Article: A federal judge has blocked the Trump administration from making widespread immigration arrests in the nation’s capital without warrants or probable cause that the person is an imminent flight risk FILE - The Department of Homeland Security logo is seen during a news conference in Washington, Feb. (AP Photo/Pablo Martinez Monsivais, File) A federal judge late Tuesday blocked the Trump administration from making widespread immigration arrests in the nation’s capital without warrants or probable cause that the person is an imminent flight risk. The American Civil Liberties Union and other plaintiffs' attorneys argued federal officers were frequently patrolling and setting up checkpoints in Washington, D.C., neighborhoods with large numbers of Latino immigrants and then stopping and arresting people indiscriminately. Howell, who was nominated to the bench by President Barack Obama, a Democrat, said the plaintiffs had “established a substantial likelihood of an unlawful policy and practice by defendants of conducting warrantless civil immigration arrests without probable cause.” “Defendants’ systemic failure to apply the probable cause standard, including the failure to consider escape risk, directly violates” immigration law and the Department of Homeland Security's implementing regulations, she said. In addition to blocking the policy, she ordered any agent who conducts a warrantless civil immigration arrest in Washington to document “the specific, particularized facts that supported the agent’s pre-arrest probable cause to believe that the person is likely to escape before a warrant can be obtained.” Howell also required the government to submit that documentation to plaintiffs' attorneys. Another judge had issued a restraining order barring federal agents from stopping people based solely on their race, language, job or location in the Los Angeles area after finding that they were conducting indiscriminate stops, but the Supreme Court lifted that order in September.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/wireStory/bills-show-resilience-overcoming-mistakes-injuries-dominating-steelers-128016802
Article: Put aside the turnovers, middling passing production, poor tackling and all the other issues that have hounded the Buffalo Bills for much of this season Buffalo Bills quarterback Josh Allen (17) scores a touchdown during the second half of an NFL football game against the Pittsburgh Steelers Sunday, Nov. It was an outing that wasn’t so much perfect, but ultimately essential in reminding the NFL — and themselves, perhaps — that the five-time defending AFC East champions aren’t going down easy. Or what about Alec Anderson and Ryan Van Demark — backup tackles thrust into starting roles because of injuries — rushing to Allen’s defense after what could have been deemed a late hit from linebacker Patrick Queen. And then there was Buffalo’s running game trampling the Steelers time and time again with what was essentially a combination of the same two plays — James Cook bouncing runs to the right, and Cook and backup Ray Davis bursting up the middle. “Just making sure we’re better in that and understanding when we can protect the ball and move the ball and not hurt ourselves that we can be a really, really good team.” He and the Bills have five more weeks to prove it. Bosa did not return after hurting his hamstring in the second half, further depleting a defensive line missing edge rushers Michael Hoecht and Landon Jackson, and starting tackle Ed Oliver. 41:59 — Buffalo’s time of possession was the most in a regulation road game in team history, and most in a regulation game since the Bills set a team record of 42:53 in a 34-3 home win over the New York Jets in 1989.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/wireStory/gop-led-states-settle-lawsuit-federal-government-checking-128017630
Article: DES MOINES, Iowa -- Four Republican-led states agreed to settle lawsuits against the federal government over access to voters' citizenship data, ending a dispute that began with the Biden administration in advance of the 2024 presidential election. Officials in Florida, Indiana, Iowa and Ohio entered the settlement with the Department of Homeland Security and Secretary Kristi Noem roughly a year after the states individually sued the agency under President Joe Biden. Separately, President Donald Trump's Department of Justice has asked at least half the states for their complete voter rolls, a request that Democratic elections officials have questioned out of concern that the data would be provided to DHS.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Business/wireStory/tariffs-catch-resurgent-build-bear-overshadowing-financial-performance-128114479
Article: A strong quarter at Build-A-Bear Workshop in a bounce back year for the retailer was overshadowed by the growing weight of tariffs in an ongoing trade war waged by President Donald Trump FILE - The logo for Build-A-Bear Workshop appears above a trading post on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, Dec. (AP Photo/Richard Drew, File) A strong quarter at Build-A-Bear Workshop in a bounce back year for the retailer was overshadowed by the growing weight of tariffs in an ongoing trade war waged by President Donald Trump. The mall staple was able to get ahead of tariff impacts during the first half of the year through preemptive actions, Chief Financial Officer Voin Todorovic said in a statement Thursday, but the levies caught up to the company in its most recent quarter and will continue to weigh on its performance into 2026. Trump acknowledged in April that his tariffs could result in fewer and costlier products in the United States, saying at the time that American kids might “have two dolls instead of 30 dolls.” Many U.S.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Business/wireStory/ralph-lauren-unveils-team-usas-olympic-uniforms-128108392
Article: Snowboarders Brenna Huckaby, left, and Red Gerard unveil Ralph Lauren's Team USA closing and opening ceremony uniforms for the 2026 Milan Cortina Winter Olympics at Ralph Lauren headquarters, Wednesday, Dec. (Photo by Charles Sykes/Invision/AP) Snowboarders Brenna Huckaby, left, and Red Gerard unveil Ralph Lauren's Team USA closing and opening ceremony uniforms for the 2026 Milan Cortina Winter Olympics at Ralph Lauren headquarters, Wednesday, Dec. “We are creating something that we know has to become timeless and has to be something that people will wear forever and appreciate forever,” said David Lauren, the Chief Branding and Innovation Officer at Ralph Lauren. Things that are already enduring parts of the Ralph Lauren lexicon, and then we’ll build on that.” Beyond the ceremony looks, a Team USA collection, which will also be given to athletes as Olympic village wear, became available to public Thursday. The collection follows similar design themes as the opening and closing ceremony looks, with classic red, white and blue patterning on lots of knits, and includes Ralph Lauren’s versions of winter staples like bomber jackets and hockey jerseys. The Ralph Lauren team, which has been designing Team USA’s Olympic apparel since 2008, starts on each Olympics’ looks about 2 1/2 years out from the Games, meeting with athletes and brainstorming ideas for the kits. Para snowboarder Brenna Huckaby and snowboarder Red Gerard explained to The Associated Press that there’s a tradition of swapping team sweaters and jackets with other nations at the Olympics, if there’s a certain country’s design that catches an athlete’s eye. “I rarely trade, because I almost always love every single piece of Team USA stuff,” said Huckaby, modeling the color-blocked closing ceremony sweater that she said “is going to be on rotation after.” “But every now and then there will be some random thing that another country has. And it’s so hard to sit with all my bags, all my stuff open, like, ‘OK, what am I willing to part with?’ That is probably, aside from competing, the hardest part of the Games,” she said.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Business/wireStory/faulty-glucose-monitors-linked-7-deaths-700-injuries-128124325
Article: Food and Drug Administration warned people to stop using certain types of glucose monitor sensors that were linked to seven deaths Faulty glucose monitors linked to 7 deaths and more than 700 injuries, FDA warns FILE - The Food and Drug Administration seal is seen at the Hubert Humphrey Building Auditorium in Washington, April 22, 2025. Food and Drug Administration is warning people to stop using certain types of glucose monitor sensors after the company that makes them, Abbott Diabetes Care, said the devices were linked to seven deaths and more than 700 injuries.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Business/wireStory/farmers-block-mexicos-congress-tractors-protest-new-national-128095379
Article: Farmers have driven their tractors to Mexico City to protest a new national farming water distribution proposal Farmers block Mexico's Congress with tractors in protest against new national water law proposal Farmers protest a proposed water law outside the Chamber of Deputies in Mexico City, Wednesday, Dec. (AP Photo/Claudia Rosel) MEXICO CITY -- Dozens of farmers drove their tractors in a caravan to Mexico City and blocked an entrance to Mexico’s Congress on Wednesday to protest a new national water law that imposes stricter controls on water use. The farmers amassed outside the congressional chamber to protest the General Water Law proposal, which they say will take water away from the countryside and re-allocate it for discretionary use. “We are protesting against the imposition by the federal government of a new water law, a reform that puts at risk the ownership of our lands,” said Jorge Robles, a farmer from the northern state of Chihuahua. The farmers brought their demonstrations to the country’s capital less than a week after they and groups of truck drivers lifted road and highway blockades in at least seven of the country’s 32 states.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Business/wireStory/us-filings-jobless-benefits-fall-191000-lowest-september-128106033
Article: applications for unemployment benefits fell to their lowest level in more than three years last week, potentially complicating the Federal Reserve’s upcoming decision on interest rates US filings for jobless benefits fall to 191,000, lowest since September of 2022 FILE - "Help Wanted" sign is displayed at a dry cleaner in Rolling Meadows, Ill., Thursday, May 15, 2025. The job cuts announced recently by large companies such as UPS, General Motors, Amazon and Verizon typically take weeks or months to fully implement and may not be reflected in Thursday’s data. The unemployment rate ticked up to 4.4%, its highest level in four years, as more Americans returned to the labor market in search of work though they did not all immediately find jobs. The data suggests that both the economy and inflation are slowing, which has boosted financial markets’ expectations that the Federal Reserve will reduce its key interest rate at its meeting next week. If the Fed does reduce its benchmark rate next week, it would be the third cut of the year as it attempts to support a job market that has been slowing for months.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Business/wireStory/turkeys-energy-minister-warns-threat-oil-gas-supplies-128099309
Article: Turkey’s energy minister has called for the supply of oil and gas in the Black Sea to be protected FILE -Turkish Deputy Energy Minister Alparslan Bayraktar gestures during a discussion on stage at the Gastech 2021 conference in Dubai, United Arab Emirates, Sept. (AP Photo/Jon Gambrell, File) ISTANBUL -- Turkey’s energy minister issued a call for the supply of oil and gas in the Black Sea to be protected after three Russian tankers were targeted off the Turkish coast. Alparslan Bayraktar said Turkey was concerned not just by the threat to shipping but also to two undersea pipelines, Blue Stream and Turk Stream, that carry natural gas from Russia to Turkey. President Recep Tayyip Erdogan condemned the earlier attacks as a threat to “navigational safety, life and the environment, especially in our own exclusive zone.” Russian oil and gas provide nearly half of Turkey’s total energy needs. Defending Turkey’s purchase of Russian oil and gas, Bayraktar said Russia had proved to be “a very reliable supply to the Turkish market” since Turkish households started switching to gas in the 1980s. The project's administrators had turned to China to provide components that western companies were unwilling to offer due to sanctions, but it still suffers financing issues including $2 billion “stuck in JP Morgan for a long time” when the West froze Russian assets, Bayraktar said.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Business/wireStory/asian-shares-mixed-after-wall-street-pulls-time-128097999
Article: economy lost jobs last month By TERESA CEROJANO Associated Press and MATT OTT Associated Press A person walks in front of an electronic stock board showing Japan's Nikkei index at a securities firm Thursday, Dec. (AP Photo/Eugene Hoshiko) Wall Street was holding steady early Thursday ahead of the government's latest data release on the labor market, a day after a private survey showed that the U.S. The surprisingly weak report from ADP may be discouraging for people looking for jobs, but it bolstered expectations that the Federal Reserve will cut its main interest rate next week. SoftBank's shares are still down nearly 28% from a month ago, when it announced it had sold its stake in chip maker Nvidia for $5.8 billion to be able to invest more in AI.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Business/wireStory/nascar-antitrust-trial-bob-jenkins-testifies-100m-loss-128101437
Article: Front Row Motorsports owner Bob Jenkins has testified in an antitrust case against NASCAR, accusing it of monopolistic practices FILE - Front Row Motorsports owner Bob Jenkins, left, and 23XI co-owner Denny Hamlin arrive in the Western District of North Carolina on Monday Dec 1, 2025 in Charlotte, N.C. (AP Photo/Jenna Fryer, File) FILE - Front Row Motorsports owner Bob Jenkins, left, and 23XI co-owner Denny Hamlin arrive in the Western District of North Carolina on Monday Dec 1, 2025 in Charlotte, N.C. -- Front Row Motorsports owner Bob Jenkins was back on the stand Thursday to testify on the fourth day of the explosive antitrust case that accuses NASCAR of being a monopolistic bully in violation of federal antitrust laws. Jenkins began his testimony Wednesday and the fast-food franchiser said he was a passionate NASCAR fan who fulfilled a longtime dream when he was finally able to own a car in the top motorsports series in the United States. His love of the sport and belief that it can be profitable have kept him going, but what he believes is a no-win revenue model led Front Row to join 23XI Racing in a federal lawsuit against NASCAR. A charter is the equivalent of the franchise model used by other sports leagues, but in NASCAR it guarantees a team a spot in the field for all 38 races plus a designated percentage of revenue. Front Row was one of the teams that received two charters for free when NASCAR created the system in 2016 and Jenkins thought the agreements were lousy then — but a step in the right direction. NASCAR has the right to do whatever it wants.” He said he was "honestly very hurt” by the sequence of events and believed NASCAR “knew we had to blindly sign it. “The charter agreement is not.” Front Row and 23XI were the only two organizations out of 15 that refused to sign and instead went to court in a trial that could completely rework NASCAR's framework. NASCAR executive vice president in charge of strategy Scott Prime testified Wednesday that a study he worked on as a consultant found the longevity of the sport was in danger if NASCAR didn’t act to improve the health of their race teams. Jeffrey Kessler, attorney for the teams, told the jury Monday that over a three-year period almost $400 million was paid to the France Family Trust and a 2023 evaluation by Goldman Sachs found NASCAR to be worth $5 billion. The series says the original charters were given for free to teams when the system was created in 2016 and the demand for them created a market of $1.5 billion in equity for chartered organizations. But Hamlin and Jenkins have both testified it costs $20 million to bring a single car to the track for all 38 races and that figure does not include any overhead, operating costs or a driver’s salary. The level we compete at is just so expensive.” Prime testified as much and noted in his consulting role he discovered in 2014 that teams lost a combined $85 million, or an average of $1.3 million a car. He also learned that under the system before charters, when cars had to qualify for a race based on speed, a team would lose $700,000 if it failed to make the field.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Business/wireStory/after-june-war-israel-iranians-seek-portable-wealth-128098661
Article: Iranians are turning to gold as a trusted hedge against inflation, sanctions and a weakening rial currency TEHRAN, Iran -- When it comes to financial security for Iran’s jittery public after the 12-day war with Israel, all that glitters is gold — and for many, it remains the most trusted hedge against inflation, sanctions and a weakening rial currency. Traders in Tehran’s Grand Bazaar say every new headline about United Nations “snapback” sanctions, the rial’s fall or renewed regional tensions have sent waves of people into buying so-called “value-preserving assets." Those include dollars, gold, silver, diamonds, cryptocurrencies and, to a lesser extent, equities. Such portable wealth can hold value when local assets depreciate — and be easily carried in case of a crisis, something on Iranians' minds for months as many fear another war with Israel breaking out. “In the past two weeks I’ve sold 6 kilos (13.2 pounds) of gold to ordinary people — a new experience for me," said Mansour, who spoke on condition only his first name be used for fear of reprisals. "Whenever I make money, I turn it into gold.” Over the summer, 1-gram, 18-karat gold bars traded at around 115 million rials — about $100 as the rial now trades at over 1 million to $1. "Now, it seems that investing in silver could be valuable, especially for my children’s future.” Reports of mass layoffs in Iran's economy, stemming from problems with electricity, consumer demand and sanctions, also have circulated for months. Tens of thousands of Iranians living in Tehran are believed to have fled the capital during the 12-day war, heading out into the countryside of Iran or north to the coast of the Caspian Sea. Ahmad, a 49-year-old a fabric importer, said he plans to sell off his remaining stock and covert all of his assets into hard currency because of the situation in Iran.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Business/wireStory/venmo-announces-back-running-widespread-service-outage-128098666
Article: Venmo says that an issue impacting the payment service has been fixed and it is “back up and running,” after users reported trouble sending and receiving money Venmo announces it is 'back up and running' following widespread service outage A cell phone screen shows the Venmo app informing users of a service disruption in Honolulu, Hawaii, on Wednesday, Dec. (AP Photo/Audrey McAvoy) Venmo announced early Thursday that an issue impacting the payment service had been fixed and it was “back up and running,” after users reported trouble sending and receiving money for hours. Venmo had said Wednesday night on X that it was “working on a fix.” The company didn't provide any additional details about what caused the problem or how it was fixed.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Business/wireStory/hong-kong-residents-experts-defend-bamboo-scaffolding-after-128099120
Article: Hong Kong residents and experts are pushing back against claims that bamboo scaffolding was a key reason for the city's deadliest fire in decades Construction workers remove scaffolding nets from a renovation project in Quarry Bay district after the deadly fire at Wang Fuk Court, in the Tai Po district of Hong Kong's New Territories, Thursday, Dec 4, 2025. (AP Photo/Chan Long Hei) Construction workers remove scaffolding nets from a renovation project in Quarry Bay district after the deadly fire at Wang Fuk Court, in the Tai Po district of Hong Kong's New Territories, Thursday, Dec 4, 2025. (AP Photo/Chan Long Hei) HONG KONG -- Hong Kong residents, construction professionals and former senior officials are pushing back against the idea that bamboo scaffolding was a main reason flames spread so quickly in the city’s deadliest blaze in decades, as a debate flares over whether it should be replaced. “I would be very cautious about blaming bamboo itself before the full investigation reports are published,” said Kristof Crolla, an associate professor of architecture at the University of Hong Kong whose focus includes bamboo architecture. But “when it is properly used and combined with certified fire-retardant netting it is comparatively hard to ignite.” During the fire, flames shot up the bamboo scaffolding erected for external maintenance work,-as well as the green netting draping it. Last week, as firefighters battled the deadly inferno for a second day, the city’s chief secretary for administration, Eric Chan, told reporters that bamboo scaffolding's fire resistance was “inferior” to that of metal scaffolding. One note in Chinese left among a mountain of bouquets placed near the disaster site stood out: “it’s not the bamboo scaffolding that should be reviewed, but the whole system." Many others have posted similar comments on social media. Putting the blame on bamboo scaffolding is a “lazy, scapegoating” move that distracts from deeper issues, Regina Ip, a former Hong Kong secretary for security who is an adviser to the chief executive, Lee, wrote Tuesday in the local newspaper Ming Pao. “It would be a great pity to hastily decide on banning bamboo scaffolding -- which is flexible to use -- because of this incident,” John Tsang, a former Hong Kong financial secretary, wrote on his Facebook page. “It’s light, fast, adaptable, and supported by generations of skilled scaffolders -- qualities that have shaped the city’s skyline and construction pace,” said Endrizzi, of the Chinese University of Hong Kong. Policy changes should be based on evidence because otherwise Hong Kong risks disrupting a system that has worked for decades, while failing to crack down on regulatory problems and the use of unauthorized construction materials, she said.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Business/wireStory/luxury-fashion-firms-asked-documents-part-italian-labor-128110432
Article: Italian prosecutors have asked 13 high-end fashion firms to provide documents on governance, internal controls and audits Luxury fashion firms asked for documents as part of Italian labor abuse probe By The Associated Press ROME -- Italian prosecutors have asked 13 luxury fashion firms to provide documents on governance, internal controls and audits as part of a probe into the alleged exploitation of Chinese workers at subcontractors, judicial documents showed on Thursday. According to the documents obtained by The Associated Press, the investigation highlighted episodes of “heavy exploitations” of Chinese workers at subcontractors’ workshops, where the brands involved produced some of their products. The fashion companies that received the orders are: Dolce & Gabbana, Versace, Prada, Adidas Italy, Missoni, Ferragamo, Givenchy Italia, Alexander McQueen Italia, Gucci, Yves Saint Laurent Manifatture, Pinko, Coccinelle and Off-White Operating. Last month, Milan prosecutors placed luxury group Tod’s and three of its executives under investigation for suspected labor abuses and exploitation, also requesting a six-month ban on the company’s advertising.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Business/wireStory/tip-iceberg-hong-kongs-deadly-blaze-raises-anger-128027200
Article: As Hong Kong mourns after a high-rise fire killed at least 151 people, anger is mounting over building safety lapses and government oversight People offer flowers for the victims near the site of a deadly fire at Wang Fuk Court, a residential estate in the Tai Po district of Hong Kong's New Territories on Tuesday, Dec 2, 2025. (AP Photo/Chan Long Hei) People offer flowers for the victims near the site of a deadly fire at Wang Fuk Court, a residential estate in the Tai Po district of Hong Kong's New Territories on Tuesday, Dec 2, 2025. As the territory mourns over the high-rise apartment fire that killed at least 151 people, anger and frustration are mounting over building safety lapses, suspected construction corruption and lax government oversight. Police and the city's anti-corruption body have arrested 14 people so far in a wide-ranging probe into a multi-million dollar renovation project at the Wang Fuk Court apartment complex, where the fire broke out on Wednesday. “The question (one) should be asking, really is that, what happened at Wang Fuk Court, can it happen elsewhere?” said Steve Tsang, director of the SOAS China Institute in London. Hong Kong officials initially said tests of green netting covering bamboo scaffolding at the housing complex in suburban Tai Po showed that it met fire safety codes, but highly flammable foam panels used to seal windows during the repairs, aided by strong winds, caused the blaze to spread swiftly between seven of the eight towers in the complex. Authorities said there was evidence contractors cut costs by using cheaper substandard netting along with standard materials to pad their profits, after a typhoon in July damaged some of the netting originally installed. “Because of all that we now know -- or believe we know -- about bid-rigging, collusion, corruption, no fire alarms, government negligence, all of these things have come out.” As a precaution, authorities suspended work on renovations at 28 other projects managed by the same construction company. Residents of Wang Fuk Court had been voicing safety concerns to the authorities about construction materials such as netting used in the renovations, according to documents reviewed by The Associated Press. It also said it had conducted 16 inspections at the complex since last year -- most recently about a week before the fire -- and had warned contractors repeatedly they had to ensure they met fire safety requirements. “The focus of the people’s anger is on not so much the kinds of materials used (but the) lack of supervision and oversight from (government) departments,” said Willy Lam, a political analyst and senior fellow at The Jamestown Foundation. This is not the problem of the those who enforce the laws, right?” Critics say bid-rigging and other collusion, inflated costs and a lack of transparency are common in Hong Kong projects. Multi-layered subcontracting chains, which are common for big projects, raise the risks for substandard work and limited oversight, said Jason Poon, a contractor turned activist who has exposed problems at other Hong Kong construction projects. Hong Kong, a former British colony that was handed to Chinese control in 1997, increasingly has cracked down on dissent and criticism of the government, which is deemed politically sensitive. On Saturday, the organizer of a petition calling for officials to take responsibility for the fire was arrested by national security police, local media including the online media outlet HK01 reported. The Office for Safeguarding National Security in Hong Kong warned that the city’s tough national security law would be imposed against “anti-China” forces who use the fire to “incite hatred against authorities”.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Business/wireStory/trump-plans-weaken-vehicle-mileage-rules-limit-air-128079954
Article: (AP Photo/Evan Vucci) WASHINGTON -- WASHINGTON (AP) — President Donald Trump on Wednesday announced a proposal to weaken vehicle mileage rules for the auto industry, loosening regulatory pressure on automakers to control pollution from gasoline-powered cars and trucks. The plan, if finalized next year, would significantly reduce fuel economy requirements, which set rules on how far new vehicles need to travel on a gallon of gasoline, through the 2031 model year. The National Highway Traffic Safety Administration projects that the new standards would set the industry fleetwide average for light-duty vehicles at roughly 34.5 miles per gallon in the 2031 model year, down from a projected 50.4 miles per gallon in 2031 under the Biden-era rule. The move is the latest action by the Trump administration to reverse Biden-era policies that encouraged cleaner-running cars and trucks, including electric vehicles, and it sparked criticism from environmental groups. "From day one I’ve been taking action to make buying a car more affordable.” Trump said at a White House event that included top executives from two of the largest U.S. The rule reverses a Biden-era policy that "forced automakers to build cars using expensive technologies that drove up costs, drove up prices and made the car much worse,” Trump said. Ford CEO Jim Farley said the planned rollback was “a win for customers and common sense.” “As America’s largest auto producer, we appreciate President Trump’s leadership in aligning fuel economy standards with market realities. Stellantis CEO Antonio Filosa said the automaker appreciates the administration’s actions to “realign” the mileage standards “with real world market conditions.” Since taking office in January, Trump has relaxed auto tailpipe emissions rules, repealed fines for automakers that do not meet federal mileage standards and terminated consumer credits of up to $7,500 for EV purchases. “In one stroke Trump is worsening three of our nation’s most vexing problems: the thirst for oil, high gas pump costs and global warming,” said Dan Becker, director of the Safe Climate Transport Campaign for the Center for Biological Diversity. “This rollback would move the auto industry backwards, keeping polluting cars on our roads for years to come and threatening the health of millions of Americans, particularly children and the elderly.” Trump has repeatedly pledged to end what he falsely calls an EV “mandate,” referring incorrectly to Democratic President Joe Biden’s target that half of all new vehicle sales be electric by 2030. Trump called Democrats' efforts to promote EVs “insane,” adding, “People want the gasoline car.” No federal policy has required auto companies to sell EVs, although California and other states have imposed rules requiring that all new passenger vehicles sold in the state be zero-emission by 2035. The new rules “are going to allow the automakers to make vehicles that Americans want to purchase, not vehicles that Joe Biden and (former Transportation Secretary Pete) Buttigieg want to build,” Duffy said Wednesday. Under Biden, automakers were required to average about 50 miles (81 kilometers) per gallon of gas for passenger cars by 2031, compared with about 39 miles (63 kilometers) per gallon today. The Biden administration also increased fuel-economy requirements by 2% each year for light-duty vehicles in every model year from 2027 to 2031, and 2% per year for SUVs and other light trucks from 2029 to 2031. It also means an extra 90 tons a year of deadly soot particles and 4,870 additional tons a year of smog components such as nitrogen oxides and volatile organic compounds going into the air in coming years. “Weakening fuel economy standards won’t do much to make cars more affordable but is certain to make Americans buy a lot more gasoline,'' said Albert Gore, executive director of the Zero Emission Transportation Association.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Business/wireStory/india-rolls-back-order-preinstall-cybersecurity-app-smartphones-128066744
Article: India’s telecoms ministry has rolled back its order for smartphone manufacturers to preinstall a government-run cybersecurity app on new devices An Indian government-run cybersecurity app "Sanchar Saathi" is seen on a mobile phone in New Delhi, India, Tuesday, Dec.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Business/wireStory/gen-millennials-embrace-sustainable-alternatives-imported-fresh-flowers-128034505
Article: As Generation Z and millennials incorporate sustainability into events like weddings and birthdays, some are growing their own bouquets or picking wildflowers straight from local fields FILE - A bouquet of flowers rests on a chair at a wedding ceremony at the Dade County Courthouse in Miami, Feb. (AP Photo/Rebecca Blackwell, File) Instead of hiring a florist for her October wedding, Emily Day decided to grow her own flowers in her front yard in Calgary, Canada — a creative challenge that turned into a lesson on the hidden climate costs of the global flower industry. The path many imported fresh flowers take to North America often begins in South America and involves a supply chain full of carbon emissions, said Kai Chan, professor of sustainability science at the University of British Columbia. Holly Lukasiewicz, who owns District 2 Florals in Omaha, Nebraska, incorporates sustainable practices such as sourcing locally and avoiding the green foam blocks that are used to anchor arrangements but typically aren't biodegradable. “Next year, when your anniversary comes up and you see those flowers in bloom or you see them at the farmers market, they’ll remind you of your wedding.” Esther Lee, editorial director at The Knot wedding planning website, said that a significant number of couples say sustainability is important to their wedding plans. Artificial flowers are sometimes advertised as a sustainable alternative to fresh flowers, but it is important to evaluate data from manufacturers that back up this claim, said Silvia Bellezza, associate professor of business at Columbia Business School. “And then when they get beat up, unlike plastic flowers, you can just throw them in your compost and say, ‘go back to the earth, see you later.’” ___ The Associated Press’ climate and environmental coverage receives financial support from multiple private foundations.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Business/wireStory/ai-scoring-college-essay-new-era-admissions-128025579
Article: The California Institute of Technology is launching an AI tool this fall to look for “authenticity” in students who submit research projects with their applications, admissions director Ashley Pallie said. The prevalence of AI usage is difficult to gauge because it is such a new trend, said Ruby Bhattacharya, chair of the admission practices committee at the National Association for College Admission Counseling. It urges colleges to ensure the way they use it “aligns with our shared values of transparency, integrity, fairness and respect for student dignity.” The University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill faced a barrage of negative feedback from applicants, parents and students after its student newspaper, The Daily Tar Heel, reported in January the school was using AI to evaluate the grammar and writing style of applicants' essays. Every application “is evaluated comprehensively by extensively trained human application evaluators.” At Virginia Tech, Espinoza said he has been contacted by several colleges that are interested in the new technology but wary of backlash. Georgia Tech this fall is rolling out an AI tool to review the college transcripts of transfer students, replacing the need for staff to enter each course manually into a database. It will allow the school to inform applicants more quickly how many transfer credits they'll receive, cutting down on uncertainty and wait times, said Richard Clark, the school's executive director of enrollment management. Georgia Tech also is testing out AI tools for other uses, including one that would identify low-income students who are eligible for federal Pell Grants but may not have realized it. Stony Brook University in New York is also using artificial intelligence to review applicants' transcripts and testing AI tools for a variety of tasks, like summarizing student essays and letters of recommendation to highlight things an admissions officer should consider, said Richard Beatty, the school’s senior associate provost for enrollment management. Colleges are interested in AI summaries of transcripts, extracurricular activities and letters of recommendation that tell human readers the students’ story in a more digestible way, said Emily Pacheco, founder of NACAC’s special interest group for AI and admission. Every step along the way can be greatly improved: transcript reading, essay reviews, telling us things we might be missing about the students,” said Pacheco, a former assistant director of admission at Loyola University Chicago.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Business/wireStory/bulgarias-government-withdraws-controversial-budget-after-major-protests-128027462
Article: Bulgaria’s government has withdrawn a controversial budget proposal after protests erupted into clashes with police Police clash with protesters during a rally against austerity measures in next year's draft budget, in Sofia, Monday, Dec 1, 2025. (Bulgarian News Agency via AP) SOFIA, Bulgaria -- SOFIA, Bulgaria (AP) — Bulgaria’s government said Tuesday it is withdrawing a controversial budget proposal after an evening demonstration drew tens of thousands of peaceful participants that was later marred by clashes between a much smaller group of masked men and police. The center-right government of Prime Minister Rosen Zhelyazkov first promised to withdraw the draft for thorough revision after protests last week, but later backtracked, sparking protests in the capital, Sofia, and other major cities on Monday night. Banners included slogans like: "Young Bulgaria without the Mafia.” Bulgarian President Rumen Radev, an opponent of the government who hails from the political left, weighed in on the side of the protesters in a televised address to the nation on Tuesday evening. He urged Bulgarians “not to miss the opportunity to change Bulgaria," while also calling for “unity, will and wisdom to preserve peace from provocations.” Earlier in the day, Prime Minister Zhelyazkov listed several changes that will be made, including a review of the investment program, and did not rule out the possibility of entering 2026 with an extended budget from this year. Mario Bikarski, senior Eastern and Central Europe analyst at the risk intelligence company Verisk Maplecroft, predicated that redoing the budget “will be rocky with increased scrutiny from unions, business groups and the public.” “There is broad consensus about the need for fiscal prudence,” he added in emailed comments. “However, repeated attempts to increase taxes are likely to inflame social tensions further.” Organizers had urged demonstrators to keep Monday's protest peaceful, warning that provocations were possible and calling on anyone witnessing such acts to record them. The leader of the opposition We Continue the Change party, Assen Vassilev, told reporters on Tuesday that it plans to submit a no-confidence motion in Parliament “if the government does not resign this week." “This government does not have the moral right to govern the country any longer,” he added. Bikarski, the analyst, argues that increased public pressure could cause the collapse of the fragile governing coalition and lead to another early election, which would be the eighth since 2021.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Business/wireStory/airbus-cuts-2025-delivery-target-due-a320-fuselage-128066183
Article: Airbus is expecting to deliver fewer planes this year due to an issue with fuselage panels on some A320 planes By The Associated Press FILE - A TAP Air Portugal Airbus A320 is silhouetted against the setting moon while approaching for landing in Lisbon, Portugal, June 23, 2024. The European company said Wednesday it is targeting around 790 commercial aircraft deliveries in 2025 “in light of recent supplier quality issue on fuselage panels impacting its A320 family delivery flow.” The previous target was around 820 aircraft, the company said, explaining the projection was revised downward because the problem occurred at the end of the year, which is traditionally a very busy period. The quality issue with panels surfaced earlier this week, just days after the firm reported it was rushing to fix a separate software problem impacting about 6,000 of the popular planes.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Business/wireStory/5-financial-dos-end-2025-128028303
Article: Set yourself up for success as the year winds down By MARGARET GILES Associated Press and CHRISTINE BENZ OF MORNINGSTAR Associated Press As 2025 winds down, here are some moves to help you finish the year strong financially.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Business/wireStory/san-francisco-sues-nations-top-food-manufacturers-ultraprocessed-128061288
Article: San Francisco has filed a lawsuit against major food manufacturers like Coca-Cola and Nestle, claiming ultraprocessed foods are causing a public health crisis FILE - Bottles of Coca-Cola products sit on a shelf at a store in Dania Beach, Fla., Oct. (AP Photo/Wilfredo Lee, File) The city of San Francisco filed a lawsuit against some of the nation's top food manufacturers on Tuesday, arguing that ultraprocessed food from the likes of Coca-Cola and Nestle are responsible for a public health crisis. "These companies engineered a public health crisis, they profited handsomely, and now they need to take responsibility for the harm they have caused.” Ultraprocessed foods include candy, chips, processed meats, sodas, energy drinks, breakfast cereals and other foods that are designed to “stimulate cravings and encourage overconsumption,” Chiu's office said in the release. “Mounting research now links these products to serious diseases—including Type 2 diabetes, fatty liver disease, heart disease, colorectal cancer, and even depression at younger ages," University of California, San Francisco, professor Kim Newell-Green said in the news release.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Business/wireStory/crackdown-trucking-schools-disrupt-industry-scrutiny-immigrant-drivers-128057054
Article: Everything the Trump administration has done this year to strengthen and enforce the standards for truck drivers and the schools that train them after several deadly crashes may cause problems for some companies if immigrants continue to flee the profe... Hong, File) The Trump administration’s latest move to enforce standards for commercial truck drivers, by flagging nearly half of the driving schools as noncompliant, doesn’t figure to disrupt the industry, experts say. The fact that there are probably more drivers than needed right now in the midst of a 10% drop in shipments since 2022 because of the economic uncertainty also helps, although trucking companies still struggle to find enough well-qualified drivers with clean records. The focus on immigrant drivers, who account for about 20% of all truckers, intensified after that August crash as the Transportation Department audited commercial driver's license programs and Duffy proposed new restrictions that would severely limit which noncitizens could get a license to drive a semi or a bus. But Duffy threatened to withhold millions from California, Pennsylvania and Minnesota after the audits found significant problems under the existing rules like commercial licenses being valid long after an immigrant truck driver's work permit expired, That pressure prompted California to revoke 17,000 licenses. Trucking company owner Dave Atwal said that as a result many of his drivers at Diamond Transportation in Lodi, California, are “just afraid to go to some of these other states where they might get harassed.” Atwal has been able to assign some drivers to in-state routes, but he has lost more than 40 drivers who either walked away from the job or were unable to renew their licenses even though they have several years of safe driving on their records. Immigrant drivers are bearing the brunt of the government enforcement, according to Laut who is Sikh like the driver in the Florida crash and the driver of another fatal crash in California this fall. But Duffy's announcement Monday that as many as 7,500 trucking programs could soon be decertified will threaten the ongoing effort to attract and train new drivers — particularly if any schools doing things the right way get caught up with schools not playing by the rules. But many of the schools that would be forced out of business were already idle before the Transportation Department took action, so decertifying them may not have a dramatic impact. Logan Cooper, who arranges for trucks to deliver containers of imported goods from ports and rail yards for OEC Group, said “there’s some room to absorb this in the industry” but there will likely be some impact over time. But Blair Robbins, who advises companies about their transportation needs as a partner with EisnerAmper, said that even if all these efforts do lead to higher rates, they would be increasing off the current lower shipping rates that are depressed because of the decline in the number of shipments in recent years. “There’s so many truck schools that just pop up, and they don’t adhere to the rigorous standards set forth by either California or the FMCSA – Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration.” Jeffery Burkhardt, who is chair of the national trucking schools group, said established schools don't have any problem complying with the standards. But Rogers and major trucking groups, including the American Trucking Association and the Owner Operator Independent Drivers Association, think it is a good idea to ensure schools are meeting the standards to prepare drivers to handle 80,000-pound trucks on highways across the country. “I would go with the latter.” Antonio Yates said classes at the 100 Placement Truck Driving School he works at in Detroit are already full for the next two to three months, and he expects the wait time will get worse if all these schools close. He said the number of immigrants willing to pay $5,000 to learn how to operate a semitrailer truck or $3,000 to learn to drive a bus has increased over the past year or so.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Business/wireStory/thailand-lifts-ban-afternoon-alcohol-sales-time-year-128066838
Article: Thailand has lifted a 53-year-old ban on the afternoon retail sale of alcoholic drinks A Thai customer lines up to pay money at a convenience store in Bangkok, Thailand, Wednesday, Dec. (AP Photo/Sakchai Lalit) BANGKOK -- BANGKOK (AP) — Thailand on Wednesday lifted a 53-year-old ban on the afternoon retail sale of alcoholic drinks, a move expected to help boost year-end holiday tourism, as well as business at venues such as bars and convenience stores.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Business/wireStory/asian-shares-mixed-steady-bond-yields-rebound-bitcoin-128064054
Article: markets ticked higher before the opening bell as a few strong earnings reports trickled in from some big names Wall Street inches higher on strong earnings with inflation report on tap A person on a bicycle waits in front of an electronic stock board showing Japan's Nikkei index at a securities firm Monday, Dec. That report, delayed by the government shutdown, comes days before next week's Fed meeting, where officials will decide whether to cut, raise or hold the central bank's benchmark lending rate steady.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Technology/wireStory/venmo-users-trouble-sending-receiving-money-service-outage-128097090
Article: Venmo says that an issue impacting the payment service has been fixed and it is “back up and running,” after users reported trouble sending and receiving money Venmo announces it is 'back up and running' following widespread service outage A cell phone screen shows the Venmo app informing users of a service disruption in Honolulu, Hawaii, on Wednesday, Dec. (AP Photo/Audrey McAvoy) Venmo announced early Thursday that an issue impacting the payment service had been fixed and it was “back up and running,” after users reported trouble sending and receiving money for hours. Venmo had said Wednesday night on X that it was “working on a fix.” The company didn't provide any additional details about what caused the problem or how it was fixed.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Technology/wireStory/whatsapp-faces-european-antitrust-investigation-artificial-intelligence-128102943
Article: The Commission, which is the bloc's executive arm, said a recent policy update could mean that rival AI companies are blocked from offering their AI assistants on the platform, while Meta's chatbot service remains accessible to users. “This is why we are investigating if Meta’s new policy might be illegal under competition rules, and whether we should act quickly to prevent any possible irreparable harm to competition in the AI space,” she said in a press statement.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Technology/wireStory/nvidia-ceo-jensen-huang-visits-republicans-debate-intensifying-128093184
Article: (AP Photo/Evan Vucci) WASHINGTON -- WASHINGTON (AP) — Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang met separately with President Donald Trump and Republican senators Wednesday as tech executives work to secure favorable federal policies for the artificial intelligence industry, including the limited sale of Nvidia's highly valued computer chips to U.S. Huang's closed-door meeting with Republicans on the Senate Banking Committee came at a moment of intensifying lobbying, soaring investments and audacious forecasts by major tech companies about AI’s potential transformative effects. Huang is among the Silicon Valley executives who warn that any restrictions on the technology will halt its advancement despite mounting concerns among policymakers and the public about AI's potential pitfalls or the ways foreign rivals like China may use American hardware. “I’ve said repeatedly that we support export control, that we should ensure that American companies have the best and the most and first,” Huang told reporters before his meeting on Capitol Hill. Huang added that he wished the president “a happy holidays.” The Trump administration in May reversed Biden-era restrictions that had prevented Nvidia and other chipmakers from exporting their chips to a wide range of countries. They’d love to some time be able to compete in China again, but they recognize that export controls are important as well for our own national security." Other Republicans were more skeptical of Huang's message. I don’t blame you for that, but if I’m looking for someone to give me objective advice about whether we should make our technology available to China, he's not it." Some Democrats, shut out from the meeting altogether, expressed frustration at Huang's presence on Capitol Hill. Warren added that she wanted Huang to testify in a public congressional hearing and answer “questions about why his company wants to favor Chinese manufacturers over American companies that need access to those high-quality chips.”

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Technology/wireStory/openai-ceo-sam-altman-declares-code-red-improve-128039634
Article: OpenAI CEO Sam Altman has issued a "code red" alert to employees to improve ChatGPT, according to The Wall Street Journal FILE - Sam Altman, co-founder and CEO of OpenAI, testifies before a Senate committee hearing on Capitol Hill in Washington on May 8, 2025. (AP Photo/Jose Luis Magana, File) SAN FRANCISCO -- OpenAI CEO Sam Altman has set off a “code red” alert to employees to improve its flagship product, ChatGPT, and delay other product developments, according to The Wall Street Journal. This week marks three years since OpenAI first released ChatGPT, sparking global fascination and a commercial boom in generative AI technology and giving the San Francisco-based startup an early lead. But the company, valued at $500 billion, doesn’t make a profit and has committed more than $1 trillion in financial obligations to the cloud computing providers and chipmakers it relies on to power its AI systems. Nick Turley, an OpenAI vice president and its head of ChatGPT, posted on social media Monday that online search is one of the product's biggest areas of opportunity as the company focuses on making ChatGPT more capable and “even more intuitive and personal.” OpenAI makes revenue from premium subscriptions to ChatGPT but most users get the free version.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Technology/wireStory/san-franciscos-beloved-albino-alligator-claude-dies-30-128057373
Article: A beloved albino alligator named Claude at the California Academy of Sciences in San Francisco has died at age 30 Claude, an albino alligator, is shown at the California Academy of Sciences, in San Francisco, Thursday, April 24, 2025. (AP Photo/Jeff Chiu) SAN FRANCISCO -- A rare albino alligator named Claude who was beloved by fans around the world died Tuesday, according to the California Academy of Sciences in San Francisco. The science museum in Golden Gate Park is popular with Bay Area school children and international tourists, and many kids over the years have ended their visits clutching a mini Claude stuffed animal to take home. The museum will hold a public memorial for Claude but for now, people can share memories of Claude and send messages to his human care team at the California Academy of Sciences.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Technology/wireStory/ai-funny-comedians-embrace-ai-tools-running-show-128067217
Article: Some comedians embrace AI tools but they're still running the show Willonius Hatcher, also known as King Willonius, poses for a portrait near his presentation at the a16z AI Creative Gallery, Thursday, Sept. “On today’s episode, we’ll be talking to the weird-looking person who lives at my house.” So begins a series of humorous interactions between two characters animated by artificial intelligence that's attracted millions of views on social media. He's since moved into making AI video parodies like “I’m McLovin It (Popeye’s Diss Song)” and “I Want My Barrel Back (Cracker Barrel song).” “It’s very similar to somebody who’s writing for The Onion or SNL,” Willonius said. And then I’ll generate a video from that." He starts with writing his own notes on an idea, then refines it with a chatbot, and puts that language — known as a prompt — into AI tools that can generate imagery, video, music and voices. But he wouldn't just ask it for a joke — Willonius says most chatbot-generated comedy lacks the “nuances or complexities that it takes for jokes to really land.” A scholar of comedy, Michelle Robinson, said “a lot of the stuff that I’ve seen AI produce is corny as hell.” “It does seem fluent in the basic grammar of jokes, but sometimes they’re slightly off,” said Robinson, a professor of American studies at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill. She's not totally sure, except that most good jokes are a little edgy or dangerous and chatbots can't seem to calibrate “whatever provocation is in the joke to the moment that we’re living in.” Caleb Warren, a professor who studies marketing and consumer psychology at the University of Arizona, said that leaves comedy writers with an opportunity to make use of tools that can't completely outsource their skills. I started to learn these AI tools and get really good at them and started to cultivate an audience.” While Willonius saw an opening, the rise of generative AI has stoked division and posed challenges to other professional comedians. The daughter of the late Robin Williams called it “gross” and “maddening” when users of OpenAI's AI video generator Sora conjured up realistic “deepfakes” of the beloved actor to churn out what she described as “horrible TikTok slop puppeteering.” “You’re not making art, you’re making disgusting, overprocessed hot dogs out of the lives of human beings, out of the history of art and music, and then shoving them down someone else’s throat hoping they’ll give you a little thumbs-up and like it,” Zelda Williams wrote in October. Lajoie, known for his work on the TV series “The League” and comic songs on YouTube, tried to see what would happen if he asked ChatGPT to help craft a bizarre movie script idea. Instead, he found it useful to cheaply animate ideas he would otherwise never have pursued — such as the talking baby, birds wearing jeans, or a podcasting Jesus Christ interviewing an Easter Bunny who’s never heard of him. The prominent venture capital firm Andreessen Horowitz invited Lajoie and Willonius to exhibit their video creations this fall at a new AI gallery space in Manhattan, part of a promotion of AI creativity tool startups that the firm invests in. Lajoie ended up bowing out, after an interview with The Associated Press in which he voiced doubts about what he described as AI's “Napster phase.” The music-sharing website shuttered in the early 2000s after the record industry and rock band Metallica sued over copyright violations. On a November podcast, he blamed Hollywood opposition to its adoption on “woke activists (who) have picked up AI as the new thing they’re going to agitate about.” He compared it to resistance to computer graphics in movies before they became commonplace. Lajoie said he shared his early AI video experiments with a few friends who are “anti-AI; real, real, anti-AI” and they were surprised by how well the sketches retained Lajoie's own comedic voice. He insists he's no AI expert, just “a creative person who can figure out how to make two characters talk to each other.” But even editing the sketches requires understanding comedic timing, and he has no interest in ceding that part to a machine. They can grab a few points of view from different people.” “And when it does have a point of view, I think that’s when we all should be afraid for all of the reasons that the Terminator has taught us,” he said.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Technology/wireStory/endangered-species-convention-proposes-new-rules-growing-exotic-128025123
Article: Conservationists are hoping to strengthen regulations at a wildlife trade conference on birds, reptiles and other animals that are seeing their numbers decline due to the exotic pet trade FILE -In this May 2, 2020 photo, a marine iguana suns on the edge of a boardwalk in San Cristobal, Galapagos Islands, Ecuador. (AP Photo/Adrian Vasquez, File) A growing exotic pet trade has conservationists calling for stronger regulations to protect the reptiles, birds and other animals in the wild that are increasingly showing up for sale on internet marketplaces and becoming popular on social media. Participants have proposed tighter regulations or complete bans on the trade of several species including iguanas from the Galapagos Islands, more than a dozen species of Latin America tarantulas and an odd-looking turtle from Africa. “They go online and there are thousands of animals, including endangered species, illegally obtained species, all available on the internet.” In the past, the trade was dominated by sales in animal parts like elephant ivory and tiger bones. But Matt Collis, the senior director of international policy at the International Fund for Animal Welfare, said live animals for the pet trade are increasingly turning up on the internet. “In today’s society where pretty much anything can be bought with a click of a button and shipped anywhere in the world in a matter of days, no wildlife is safe.” Social media influencers, who have made owned exotic pets cool, are also contributing to the problem, Collis said. The report found the live pet trade accounted for a growing piece of the trade, with reptiles representing about 60% of the animals, while nearly 30% were birds and more than 10% were amphibians. Among the reptile species up for tighter trade controls is Home’s Hinged-back Tortoise, a critically endangered turtle found in West Africa that has a unique hinge on its back allowing it to close off its back legs and tail. There are proposals to regulate the trade in two vipers species endemic to Ethiopia, two species of rattlesnake found mostly in Mexico, the leaf-tailed gecko from Australia and two species of sloths from South America, which are increasingly turning up in sloth-themed cafes in Asia. A proposal from Ecuador would ban the trade in marine and land iguanas from the Galapagos, which are listed by the International Union for Conservation of Nature as critically endangered or vulnerable. There are concerns that the illegal trade could further destabilize the population, which already faces threats from invasive species, rising tourism and fluctuations in weather associated with the El Nino. A species can be banned for trade in its home range but sold online by traders who abuse the CITES permitting process and captive breeding rules and then take advantage of importing countries that don't bother to check if the animals come from the wild, Collis said. “In theory, under CITES rules, the countries issuing those export permits should be checking that these animals, and crucially their parentage all the way back to the founder stock, were legally acquired in order for an export permit to be granted,” Collis said. “But that is not happening." Countries issue permits without verifying animal origins, which helps traffickers launder animals from illegal sources, “undermining the very framework meant to protect these species,” he said. “When the treaty was drafted in the early 1970s, there wasn't a lot of captive breeding and people thought, 'Well, if they’re bred in captivity, it’ll take pressure off the wild,” she said. “Alarmingly, most of them are not regulated internationally, despite the high availability of hundreds of species in international trade.” The United States Association of Reptile Keepers opposes the tarantula listing, which it called “incongruous” for rolling many species into a single proposal. The association, which advocates for responsible private ownership and trade in reptiles and amphibians, suggested other reptile proposals reflect government overreach, noting the proffered changes to iguana sales are unnecessary since current regulations “provide adequate protection.” “Most species have limited trade in captive bred specimens which is not a threat to wild populations,” David Garcia, the organization's legal counsel and its delegate at the CITES conference, said in a statement. 8, found that the United States was among the biggest markets for the pet trade, importing on average 90 million live amphibians, arachnids, birds, aquarium fish, mammals and reptiles each year.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Technology/wireStory/researchers-slightly-lower-studys-estimate-drop-global-income-128071759
Article: Researchers who examined climate change’s potential effect on the global economy say data errors led them to slightly overstate an expected drop in income over the next 25 years FILE - People watch the sunset from the Liberty Memorial grounds in Kansas City, Mo., May 12, 2025. (AP Photo/Charlie Riedel, File) The authors of a study that examined climate change's potential effect on the global economy said Wednesday that data errors led them to slightly overstate an expected drop in income over the next 25 years. The authors also said in their original work that there was a 99% chance that, by midcentury, it would cost more to fix damage from climate change than it would cost to build resilience. The researchers cited data inaccuracies in the first paper, particularly with underlying economic data for Uzbekistan between 1995 and 1999 that had a large influence on the results, and that their analysis had underestimated statistical uncertainty. Max Kotz, one of the study’s authors, told the AP that the heart of the study is unchanged: Climate change will be enormously damaging to the world economy if unchecked, and that the impact will hit hardest in the lowest-income areas that contribute the fewest emissions driving the planet's warming. Gernot Wagner, a climate economist at Columbia Business School who wasn't involved with the research, said the thrust of the Potsdam Institute's work remains the same “no matter which part of the range the true figure will be.” “Climate change already hits home, quite literally.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Technology/wireStory/tech-tip-christmas-shopping-game-ai-tools-128099119
Article: The latest crop of AI-powered shopping services and tools made their debut in recent weeks, just in time to kick off the holiday shopping season that begins with Black Friday. Here’s a rundown of existing and newly released AI services that can help with your search for the perfect gift in the run-up to Christmas: Amazon led the way by rolling out its Rufus chatbot in 2024. The company says users can describe what they’re looking for as if talking to a friend and get an “intelligently organized response” based on 50 billion product listings, with pictures alongside prices, reviews and inventory info. To use this feature, which is available through Google's shopping desktop search and mobile app in Australia, Japan Canada and the U.S., just tap the “Try it on” button on a product's photo and then add a full-length photo of yourself. If you see a product on the Amazon Shopping app with a “Buy For Me” button, you can buy it through the usual Amazon checkout page but the AI agent will then carry out the transaction on the other brand’s website with your encrypted payment details. When an AP reporter in New Jersey asked Google to call around about a specific Acer monitor, the agent returned quickly with a reply from a local computer repair shop that sold refurbished monitors.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Technology/wireStory/india-mandates-pre-installation-government-cyber-safety-app-128025280
Article: India’s telecoms ministry has ordered smartphone manufacturers to install a government-run cybersecurity app on all new devices An Indian government-run cybersecurity app "Sanchar Saathi" is seen on a mobile phone in New Delhi, India, Tuesday, Dec. (AP Photo/Manish Swarup) NEW DELHI -- India’s telecoms ministry has directed smartphone manufacturers to pre-install a government-run cybersecurity app on all new devices, according to a government order, raising concerns of data privacy and user consent in one of the largest handset markets in the world. The Ministry of Communications' order issued Monday asked smartphone makers to pre-install the government’s “Sanchar Saathi” app on all new devices within 90 days and to prevent users from deleting it. The ministry said the app, which is available to India’s 1.2 billion smartphone users, was essential in “curbing misuse of telecom resources for cyber frauds and ensuring telecom cyber security.” But privacy advocates say the order marks an effort to erode user privacy and consent. “Once a government app is forcibly pre-installed on our devices, what’s to stop them from pushing future apps that could be used for surveillance?” Amid growing criticism, India’s telecom minister, Jyotiraditya M. Scindia, on Tuesday called the app a “voluntary and democratic system" and said users can choose to activate it and “easily delete it from their phone at any time.” Scindia did not clarify Monday’s directive instructing smartphone manufacturers to ensure the app’s “functionalities are not disabled or restricted.” The “Sanchar Saathi” app, which was released in January, was designed to let users block and track lost or stolen phones and to identify and shut down fraudulent mobile connections. Pahwa said the main concern is that the app’s role could eventually expand, giving authorities greater ability to “access device status.” He said the order also removes user consent as a choice.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Technology/wireStory/australia-enforce-social-media-age-limit-16-week-128064519
Article: Australia is set to enforce its age limit for social media accounts starting next week, and the platforms must provide monthly reports on how many children's accounts they have closed or face fines Australia to enforce social media age limit of 16 next week Australia's Communications Minister Anika Wells speaks at the National Press Club in Canberra, Wednesday, Dec. (Mick Tsikas/AAP Image via AP) MELBOURNE, Australia -- Social media platforms must report monthly how many children’s accounts they close once Australia begins enforcing its 16-year age limit next week, a minister said Wednesday. “We have consistently said this rushed legislation misunderstands our platform, the way young Australians use it and, most importantly, it does not fulfill its promise to make kids safer online,” a Google statement said.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Technology/wireStory/playstation-turns-30-back-console-gave-us-lara-128077447
Article: (AP Photo/AJ Mast, File) FILE - Kendrick Lamar performs during halftime of the NFL Super Bowl 59 football game between the Kansas City Chiefs and the Philadelphia Eagles in New Orleans on Feb. (AP Photo/AJ Mast, File) NEW YORK -- When Kendrick Lamar began his Super Bowl halftime show earlier this year, he picked a stage design likely familiar to anyone tuning in: a square, triangle, cross and circle. Lamar's nod to the console — which Sony had nothing to do with — was another sign of how far the brand has penetrated the culture, in ways big and small. From big-budget Hollywood fare like “Lara Croft: Tomb Raider” starring Angelina Jolie, to Juice WRLD's video for “Hear Me Calling” to “The Last of Us” on HBO Max, the PlayStation experience has leapt far past the console. When we came out we were a little edgy, we were a different, but it was really about being disruptive,” says Eric Lempel, senior vice president for marketing, sales and business operations at Sony Interactive Entertainment. “We feel we are a premier entertainment brand, not just a gaming brand.” Part of the enduring popularity of the PlayStation has been its ability to evolve with the technology, starting in 1995 by picking CD-ROMs that opened the door to 3D gaming. “Sony realized they needed developers in place from the get-go before they even started designing it,” says Anthony Caulfield, who with his wife, Nicola, run Gracious Films and made the independent documentary “The PlayStation Revolution.” “Hardware manufacturers up to that point basically didn’t care what the developers wanted. Sony had a number of games ready to go, a development pipeline in place and a killer retail price — $299 — that was less expensive than the rival Sega Saturn. “If you grew up loving Nintendo games, the PlayStation was like a really good next step,” says Tyler Treese, the editor-in-chief of PlayStation LifeStyle, an online forum and news site for fans. “It’s where the gaming went from the bedroom to the living room.” Sony kept up with the technology, packing a DVD into the PlayStation 2 so that buyers had another reason to buy the system. “If they got the PS4 wrong it could have been the end.” But the PlayStation 4 in 2013 stabilized the console, offering immersive online multiplayer options, streaming services and a library of exclusive games. It includes: “Uncharted” starring Tom Holland on the big screen, “The Last of Us” with Pedro Pascal on HBO, “Twisted Metal” on Peacock and “Gran Turismo” with Orlando Bloom from Columbia Pictures. More are on the way, including a live-action “Horizon Zero Dawn” movie that's eying a 2027 release, an upcoming movie version of “Ghost of Tsushima” directed by Chad Stahelski, and Amazon’s “God of War” TV series. “We have great stories, we’ve got great IP, and it transcends the category.” That has even spilled out into fashion — British Nigerian multidisciplinary artist and designer Yinka Ilori has a line of PlayStation-inspired loungewear — and footwear, thanks to rapper Travis Scott's Nike Dunk Low Cactus Jack X PlayStation sneakers.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Technology/wireStory/renowned-astronomers-push-protect-chiles-cherished-night-sky-128057860
Article: Chile’s Atacama Desert is one of the darkest spots on Earth, a crown jewel for astronomers who flock to study the origins of the universe in this inhospitable desert along the Pacific coast FILE - Radio antennas are spread out on the terrain as part of one of the world's largest astronomy projects, the Atacama Large Millimeter/submillimeter Array (ALMA) in Chajnator in the Atacama desert in northern Chile, Sept. (AP Photo/Jorge Saenz, File) FILE - Radio antennas are spread out on the terrain as part of one of the world's largest astronomy projects, the Atacama Large Millimeter/submillimeter Array (ALMA) in Chajnator in the Atacama desert in northern Chile, Sept. (AP Photo/Jorge Saenz, File) SANTIAGO, Chile -- Chile’s Atacama Desert is one of the darkest spots on Earth, a crown jewel for astronomers who flock to study the origins of the universe in this inhospitable desert along the Pacific coast. A rare confluence of factors makes the Atacama an ideal home for some of the world’s biggest ground-based astronomical projects — dry climate, high altitude and, crucially, isolation from the light pollution of civilization. A private company is pressing ahead with plans to construct a giant renewable energy complex in sight of one of Earth’s most productive astronomical facilities — the Paranal Observatory, operated by an international consortium known as the European Southern Observatory, or ESO. In the letter, 30 renowned international astronomers, including Reinhard Genzel, a 2020 Nobel laureate in astrophysics who conducted much of his prize-winning research on black holes with the ESO-operated telescopes in the Atacama Desert, describe the project as “an imminent threat” to humanity's ability to study the cosmos, and unlock more of its unknowns. “The damage would extend beyond Chile’s borders, affecting a worldwide scientific community that relies on observations made at Paranal to study everything from the formation of planets to the early universe,” the letter reads. “We are convinced that economic development and scientific progress can and must coexist to the benefit of all people in Chile, but not at the irreversible expense of one of Earth’s unique and irreplaceable windows to the universe.” The scientists join a chorus of voices that have been urging the Chilean government to relocate the hydrogen-based fuel production plant since the plan was unveiled a year ago by AES Andes, an offshoot of the American-based multinational AES Corp. All of that — just 3 kilometers (1.9 miles) from the Paranal Observatory’s high-powered telescopes — will mess the view of key astronomical targets and could obstruct scientific advances, experts say. They are very stable, and even the smallest artificial turbulence would destroy these characteristics,” said Andreas Kaufer, the director of operations at ESO, which assesses that the AES project would increase light pollution by 35%. And, since we have the biggest and most sensitive telescopes at the best spot in the world, if they're lost for us, they're lost for everyone." Although this controversy might be specific to Chile, home to 40% of the world’s astronomy infrastructure, the project reflects the wider tension between natural darkness and industrialization tearing at countless countries as light pollution makes the night sky about 10% brighter each year. “Major observatories have been chased out to remote locations, and essentially now they’re chased out to some of the last remaining dark sky locations on Earth, like the Atacama Desert, the mountain peaks of Hawaii, areas around Tucson, Arizona,” said Ruskin Hartley, the executive director of DarkSky International, a Tuscon-based nonprofit founded by astronomers.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Technology/wireStory/ais-impact-worsen-gaps-worlds-rich-poor-report-128025674
Article: A new report by the United Nations Development Program is urging governments to focus more on how artificial intelligence technologies might affect people already disadvantaged in a data-driven world FILE - An usher directs an attendee to a seat for a seminar at a convention titled AI Expo in Tokyo, on Aug. (AP Photo/Hiro Komae, File) BANGKOK -- Behind the hoopla over the promise of artificial intelligence lay difficult realities, including how such technology might affect people already disadvantaged in a data-driven world. A new report by the United Nations Development Program notes most of the gains from AI are likely to be reaped by wealthy nations unless steps are taken to use its power to help close gaps in access to basic needs, as well as such advanced know-how. Questions over how companies and other institutions will use AI are a near universal concern given its potential to change or replace some jobs done by people with computers and robots. But while much of the attention devoted to AI focuses on productivity, competitiveness and growth, the more important question is what it will mean for human lives, the authors note. Asian nations including China, Japan, South Korea and Singapore are well placed to take advantage of AI tools, the report notes, while places like Afghanistan, the Maldives and Myanmar lack skills, reliable power and other resources needed to tap into the computing potential of AI. If such gaps are not closed, many millions may be excluded from the kinds of devices, digital payment systems, digital IDs and education and skills that are required to participate fully in the global economy, falling further behind, said Philip Schellekens, the UNDP's chief economist for the Asia Pacific.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Technology/wireStory/apple-replay-1-song-apple-musics-2025-songs-128033414
Article: Rosé and Bruno Mars’ massively popular, Grammy-nominated “APT.” topped Apple Music’s global song chart in 2025 as the giant music streamer released year-end lists Tuesday and provided listeners with data on their own most listened-to tunes. Mars makes another appearance, in third, for his collaboration with Lady Gaga, “Die With a Smile.” Then it's Lamar again in fourth — “Not Like Us” returns to a top spot, after earning the No. 1 position in 2024 — and in fifth, it's Billie Eilish with “Birds of a Feather.” The success of Lamar's “GNX” album kept listeners engaged, and five of his songs made the global chart's Top 25. They claimed the top spot on the streaming platform's Shazam Global Radio Spins chart, the Top 100: Global Radio chart (which tracks the most played songs on radio stations around the world) and Apple’s most-read lyrics charts. “The phenomenal global success of Rosé and Bruno Mars’ ‘APT.’ has been a powerful reminder that great songs will always transcend borders,” Rachel Newman, Apple Music’s co-head, said in a statement. Replay highlights include a Discovery feature (where users can track new artists they discovered this year), Loyalty (the artists they listen to consistently) and Comebacks (the ones who've made a return to their listening rotation). The multi-hyphenate rapper, one year after the release of his critically acclaimed album “Chromakopia,” earned 4.5 billion minutes of listening time between November 2024 and October 2025, Apple Music reported.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Technology/wireStory/ai-scoring-college-essay-new-era-admissions-128025581
Article: The California Institute of Technology is launching an AI tool this fall to look for “authenticity” in students who submit research projects with their applications, admissions director Ashley Pallie said. The prevalence of AI usage is difficult to gauge because it is such a new trend, said Ruby Bhattacharya, chair of the admission practices committee at the National Association for College Admission Counseling. It urges colleges to ensure the way they use it “aligns with our shared values of transparency, integrity, fairness and respect for student dignity.” The University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill faced a barrage of negative feedback from applicants, parents and students after its student newspaper, The Daily Tar Heel, reported in January the school was using AI to evaluate the grammar and writing style of applicants' essays. Every application “is evaluated comprehensively by extensively trained human application evaluators.” At Virginia Tech, Espinoza said he has been contacted by several colleges that are interested in the new technology but wary of backlash. Georgia Tech this fall is rolling out an AI tool to review the college transcripts of transfer students, replacing the need for staff to enter each course manually into a database. It will allow the school to inform applicants more quickly how many transfer credits they'll receive, cutting down on uncertainty and wait times, said Richard Clark, the school's executive director of enrollment management. Georgia Tech also is testing out AI tools for other uses, including one that would identify low-income students who are eligible for federal Pell Grants but may not have realized it. Stony Brook University in New York is also using artificial intelligence to review applicants' transcripts and testing AI tools for a variety of tasks, like summarizing student essays and letters of recommendation to highlight things an admissions officer should consider, said Richard Beatty, the school’s senior associate provost for enrollment management. Colleges are interested in AI summaries of transcripts, extracurricular activities and letters of recommendation that tell human readers the students’ story in a more digestible way, said Emily Pacheco, founder of NACAC’s special interest group for AI and admission. Every step along the way can be greatly improved: transcript reading, essay reviews, telling us things we might be missing about the students,” said Pacheco, a former assistant director of admission at Loyola University Chicago.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Technology/wireStory/chile-latest-country-ban-smartphone-class-128074229
Article: Chile has passed a bill outlawing the use of mobile phones and other smart devices during classes at elementary and middle schools Chile becomes latest country to ban smartphone use during class FILE - A professor passes out cell phone signal jammers to students to place their cell phones into, as part of a pilot program to reduce mobile use during school hours, at Bicentenario School in Santiago, Chile, Sept. (AP Photo/Esteban Felix, File) FILE - A professor passes out cell phone signal jammers to students to place their cell phones into, as part of a pilot program to reduce mobile use during school hours, at Bicentenario School in Santiago, Chile, Sept. “We are advancing a cultural change for children and adolescents who today, more than ever, need to see each other’s faces again, socialize during recess, and regain concentration to further boost learning,” Education Minister Nicolás Cataldo wrote on social media after the decision. The Senate already approved the school cellphone ban in principle earlier this year, but made several changes that were put to a vote late Tuesday in Chile's lower house of Congress. In response to rising concerns about young people and their mental health, parents and teachers in Chile have lobbied for such a law for years, arguing that the use of smartphones impairs students’ learning and emotional development. More than half of all Chilean students reported digital devices disrupting their learning, according to the most recent international study by the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development, which evaluates student academic performance.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Technology/wireStory/india-rolls-back-order-preinstall-cybersecurity-app-smartphones-128066745
Article: India’s telecoms ministry has rolled back its order for smartphone manufacturers to preinstall a government-run cybersecurity app on new devices An Indian government-run cybersecurity app "Sanchar Saathi" is seen on a mobile phone in New Delhi, India, Tuesday, Dec.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Technology/wireStory/airlines-adopt-software-fix-airbus-a320-after-plane-127953535
Article: Airbus and European aviation safety regulators say an aircraft heavily used by commercial airlines around the world needs a software fix to address an issue that contributed to a sudden drop in altitude of a JetBlue plane last month FILE - A TAP Air Portugal Airbus A320 is silhouetted against the setting moon while approaching for landing in Lisbon, Portugal, June 23, 2024. (AP Photo/Armando Franca, File) An aircraft heavily used by commercial airlines around the world needs a software fix to address an issue that contributed to a sudden drop in altitude of a JetBlue plane last month, the manufacturer and European aviation safety regulators said Friday. “Although again the silver lining being that it only should take a few hours to update the software.” At least 15 JetBlue passengers were injured and taken to the hospital after the Oct.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Technology/wireStory/ai-assisted-shopping-talk-holiday-shopping-season-127976859
Article: Major retail chains and tech companies are offering new or updated artificial intelligence tools in time for the holiday shopping season NEW YORK -- Major retail chains and tech companies are offering new or updated artificial intelligence tools in time for the holiday shopping season, hoping to give consumers an easier gift-buying experience and themselves an augmented share of online spending. Although AI-powered purchases are in early stages, the shopping assistants and agents rolled out by the likes of Walmart, Amazon and Google can do more than the chatbots of holidays past. In one of the season's most talked-about launches, Google this month introduced an AI agent that can be instructed to call local stores to ask if a desired product is in stock. San Francisco software company Salesforce estimated that AI would influence $73 billion, or 22%, of all global sales in one way or another from the Tuesday before Thanksgiving through Monday after the holiday, according to Caila Schwartz, Salesforce’s director of consumer insights. Despite the advancements, AI’s impact on holiday shopping will be “relatively limited” this year since not every shopping site has useful tools and not every shopper is willing to try them, said Brad Jashinsky, a senior retail industry analyst at information technology research and consulting firm Gartner. "But customer behavior takes a long time to change.” Here are three ways the technology is poised to influence holiday shopping habits in 2025: AI's potential to simplify the search for the perfect present is most apparent so far in tools that promise to give shoppers faster and more detailed results than a web browser with a lot fewer clicks. For example, users can tell the agent they want to buy a casual sweater to wear with skirt or jeans in New York in January that goes with a skirt or jeans, Responses are pulled from Google's 50 billion product listings. Tools for tracking online prices have been around for years, including CamelCamelCamel, a third-party service for Amazon prices, as well as Paypal’s Honey browser extension for monitoring thousands of online shops. Amazon, OpenAI and Google are racing to create tools that would allow for seamless AI-powered shopping by taking consumers from browsing to buying within the same program instead of having to go to a retailer's website to complete a purchase. OpenAI and Walmart announced a similar deal in October, saying the partnership would allow ChatGPT members to use the instant checkout feature to shop for nearly everything available on Walmart’s website except for fresh food.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Technology/wireStory/stream-george-clooney-tom-cruise-zac-brown-band-127991954
Article: George Clooney playing a dashing movie star with nagging midlife regrets in “Jay Kelly” and Zac Brown Band returning with fresh tunes are some of the new television, films, music and games headed to a device near you This combination of images shows promotional art for the series "Spartacus: House of Ashur," left, the film "Oh. Fun.," center, and the series "The Abandons." (Starz/Prime/Netflix via AP) George Clooney playing a dashing movie star with nagging midlife regrets in “Jay Kelly” and Zac Brown Band returning with fresh tunes are some of the new television, films, music and games headed to a device near you. Also among the streaming offerings worth your time this week, as selected by The Associated Press’ entertainment journalists: The latest “Mission: Impossible” film, “The Final Reckoning,” begins streaming on Paramount+, Netflix has the American Western series “The Abandons” with women at the center of its story, and Nintendo’s Samus Aran returns with Metroid Prime 4: Beyond. In his review, the AP’s Mark Kennedy wrote that “reality and fiction beautifully weave in and out in Baumbach’s love letter to Hollywood.” — The latest “Mission: Impossible” film, “The Final Reckoning,” begins streaming on Paramount+ on Thursday. The Tom Cruise adventure, directed by Christopher McQuarrie, concludes the chapter begun with 2023’s “Dead Reckoning Part One.” Whether dead or final, a reckoning may be in order for the eight-film Ethan Hunt franchise. In her review, AP Film Writer Lindsey Bahr wrote: “In a series that has often been best when it’s not taking itself too seriously, dour developments start to feel a little unintentionally silly.” — The Christmas movies cometh. Some of the singles out so far include the Jimmy Buffett-like “I Ain’t Worried About It,” the weed-friendly “Let It Run” with Snoop Dogg, the sweet ballad “Butterfly” with Dolly Parton” and the anthemic party banger “Give It Away.” Perhaps the best of the bunch is “Hard Run” featuring Marcus King, starting quietly with a twang, building to harmonies and some funk, adding a touch of Broadway and then some fiery guitar work. — If you adored Nick Cave & The Bad Seeds last album “Wild God,” here's some good news: The alternative rock legend and his formidable band is releasing “Live God,” which includes live versions from the album, as well as catalog favorites such as “From Her to Eternity,” “Papa Won’t Leave You, Henry” and “Into My Arms.” And if you just can't get enough of Nick Cave, there's more: The Royal Danish Library has put its “Stranger Than Kindness: The Nick Cave Exhibition” online, allowing fans to explore 300 objects collected or created by Cave during his career. Tarabay reprises his role as Ashur from “Spartacus: Blood and Sand” and “Spartacus: Vengeance” which explores what may have happened if the character had survived the events of “Vengeance,” instead of being killed.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Technology/wireStory/russian-drones-targeting-civilians-turning-ukrainian-city-human-127938227
Article: Ukrainians in the southern city of Kherson live in constant fear of Russian drone attacks A car drives on a road covered with an anti-FPV-drone net, a road sign reading "Attention/Danger/Enemy drones", at the approaches to the frontline city of Kherson, Southern Ukraine, Sunday, Nov. (AP Photo/Efrem Lukatsky) A car drives on a road covered with an anti-FPV-drone net, a road sign reading "Attention/Danger/Enemy drones", at the approaches to the frontline city of Kherson, Southern Ukraine, Sunday, Nov. After living through the occupation, refusing to cooperate with Russian forces and hiding from them, Horlova, like so many other residents, found that even after her town was liberated in 2022, the ordeal didn't end. In an October report, the commission said that the attacks have repeatedly killed and wounded civilians, destroyed homes and forced thousands to flee, concluding that they amount to the crimes against humanity of murder and forcible transfer. Then it would be easier for us.” Horlova lives in Komyshany, a village just outside Kherson and only 4 kilometers (2½ miles) from the Dnipro River, where the level of intense attacks has remained the same, despite Ukrainian forces retaking the city from Russian occupation in November 2022 — about nine months after Russia launched its full-scale invasion on Feb. “It’s gotten to the point where they even drop them on animals — cows, goats.” She believes that civilians are hunted as “revenge” for the celebrations that broke out when Kherson was liberated. The report from the Independent International Commission of Inquiry on Ukraine says the attacks have spread terror among civilians and violated their right to life and other fundamental human rights. commission said that it examined Russian claims that Ukrainian forces had launched drone attacks on civilians in occupied areas, unable to conclude its investigation because it lacked access to the territory, couldn't ensure witness safety and didn't receive answers from Russian authorities. The commander of the 310th Battalion, which protects the skies over 470 kilometers (nearly 300 miles) of southern Ukraine, including Kherson, says at least 300 drones fly toward the city every day. Despite the sheer volume of drones — a figure that excludes other types of weapons like artillery and glide bombs — his forces manage to neutralize more than 90%, he said. During a surprise visit to Kherson in November, Angelina Jolie described the constant overhead threat as “a heavy presence.” “There was a moment when we had to pause and wait while a drone flew overhead,” she wrote on Instagram. The families here live with this every single day.” At one of Kherson’s main hospitals treating drone victims, 70-year-old Nataliia Naumova is recovering after a strike by a Shahed drone, which carries a heavier explosive than FPV drones, left her with a blast injury to her left leg on Oct. “It all happened in less than 10 minutes.” For people in Kherson, the experience of occupation, and the moment the city was freed, still shapes how they endure the constant drone attacks.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Technology/wireStory/tech-tip-dos-donts-ai-schoolwork-127701111
Article: The rise of ChatGPT and other AI systems has transformed education, changing how students learn and study One Tech Tip: Do's and don'ts of using AI to help with schoolwork The rapid rise of ChatGPT and other generative AI systems has disrupted education, transforming how students learn and study. Here are some do's and don'ts on using AI for schoolwork: Chatbots are so good at answering questions with detailed written responses that it's tempting to just take their work and pass it off as your own. “AI can help you understand concepts or generate ideas, but it should never replace your own thinking and effort,” the University of Chicago says in its guidance on using generative AI. “Always produce original work, and use AI tools for guidance and clarity, not for doing the work for you.” So don't shy away from putting pen to paper — or your fingers to the keyboard — to do your own writing. “If you use an AI chatbot to write for you — whether explanations, summaries, topic ideas, or even initial outlines — you will learn less and perform more poorly on subsequent exams and attempts to use that knowledge,” Yale University's Poorvu Center for Teaching and Learning says. Then, students should prompt the chatbot to: “Quiz me one question at a time based on all the material cited, and after that create a teaching plan for everything I got wrong.” Cuny posts AI guidance in the form of a traffic light on a classroom screen. I can throw random analogies at it, and I know it’s going to be able to give me something back to me tailored based on that.” As AI has shaken up the academic world, educators have been forced to set out their policies on the technology. The University of Toronto's stance is that “students are not allowed to use generative AI in a course unless the instructor explicitly permits it” and students should check course descriptions for do's and don'ts. There’s growing understanding that AI is here to stay and the next generation of workers will have to learn how to use the technology, which has the potential to disrupt many industries and occupations. So they’re much more open to having a conversation as opposed to setting a blanket policy.” Teachers say they’re aware that students are wary of asking if AI use is allowed for fear they’ll be flagged as cheaters. But clarity is key because it’s so easy to cross a line without knowing it, says Rebekah Fitzsimmons, chair of the AI faculty advising committee at Carnegie Mellon University’s Heinz College of Information Systems and Public Policy. “Just as you would cite a book or a website, giving credit to AI where applicable helps maintain transparency.” Educators want students to use AI in a way that's consistent with their school's values and principles. The University of Florida says students should familiarize themselves with the school's honor code and academic integrity policies “to ensure your use of AI aligns with ethical standards.” Oxford University says AI tools must be used “responsibly and ethically” and in line with its academic standards.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Technology/wireStory/miami-project-cure-paralysis-science-steady-funding-broader-127857491
Article: The Miami Project to Cure Paralysis follows science and steady funding to a broader mission In this photo released by The Buoniconti Fund to Cure Paralysis, Olympic gold medal winning gymnast Simone Biles, left, poses with The Buoniconti Fund to Cure Paralysis President Marc Buoniconti at the 2018 Great Sports Legends Dinner, Sept. (The Buoniconti Fund to Cure Paralysis via AP) In this photo released by The Buoniconti Fund to Cure Paralysis, Olympic gold medal winning gymnast Simone Biles, left, poses with The Buoniconti Fund to Cure Paralysis President Marc Buoniconti at the 2018 Great Sports Legends Dinner, Sept. (The Buoniconti Fund to Cure Paralysis via AP) Marc Buoniconti said his father, the late NFL Hall of Famer Nick Buoniconti, explained the secret to the success of their nonprofit and its fundraising efforts simply: “We’re just not good listeners.” In the 40 years since Marc Buoniconti, then a college football linebacker at the Citadel, was paralyzed during a routine tackle, they have been told countless times that it was a problem that couldn’t be fixed. Instead, through the fund that bears their name, they have helped raise more than $550 million for The Miami Project to Cure Paralysis, and improved the lives of millions with spinal cord and brain injuries. Its research center at the University of Miami Miller School of Medicine now also studies neurological diseases and disorders including Alzheimer’s disease and Parkinson’s disease, and it is testing the brain-computer interface implant from Elon Musk’s technology company Neuralink. “That was all developed at The Miami Project.” Therapeutic hypothermia, where the body is cooled after an injury to protect the brain and spinal cord, is another widely used treatment developed at the center. It provided a home for him and “thousands of scientists and researchers in Miami and around the world, who were equally engaged by the opportunity to change people’s everyday quality of life and their opportunities to have more function and a better opportunity to be mobile and do things they never dreamt they could before.” Miami Project Scientific Director W. “So I’ve tried to look at other disciplines to bring into the project to help us achieve that goal.” One new, multidisciplinary area, neuromodulation, is “something we never thought about five years ago,” Dietrich said. “It’s just an exciting area where you can stimulate these residual circuits after brain injury or spinal cord injury in patients and they start moving their limbs.” The Buoniconti Fund’s support for the center helps accelerate research in these areas by funding early trials. “Every resource, every dollar, every hour given is a testament to the belief that we can change lives.” Mark Dalton, chairman and CEO of Tudor Investment Corp., said that belief resonated with him and made him want to get involved with The Buonicontis even before he met them. That’s what keeps me going, and that’s what makes every struggle to this point worth it.” _____ Associated Press coverage of philanthropy and nonprofits receives support through the AP’s collaboration with The Conversation US, with funding from Lilly Endowment Inc.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Technology/wireStory/advocacy-groups-urge-parents-avoid-ai-toys-holiday-127702665
Article: Children’s and consumer advocacy groups are urging parents not to buy AI-powered toys during the holiday season This image provided by The Public Interest Network shows artificial intelligence-powered toys tested by consumer advocates at PIRG. (Rory Erlich/The Public Interest Network via AP) They’re cute, even cuddly, and promise learning and companionship — but artificial intelligence toys are not safe for kids, according to children’s and consumer advocacy groups urging parents not to buy them during the holiday season. These toys, marketed to kids as young as 2 years old, are generally powered by AI models that have already been shown to harm children and teenagers, such as OpenAI’s ChatGPT, according to an advisory published Thursday by the children’s advocacy group Fairplay and signed by more than 150 organizations and individual experts such as child psychiatrists and educators. “The serious harms that AI chatbots have inflicted on children are well-documented, including fostering obsessive use, having explicit sexual conversations, and encouraging unsafe behaviors, violence against others, and self-harm,” Fairplay said. “What’s different about young children is that their brains are being wired for the first time and developmentally it is natural for them to be trustful, for them to seek relationships with kind and friendly characters,” said Rachel Franz, director of Fairplay’s Young Children Thrive Offline Program. A decade ago, during an emerging fad of internet-connected toys and AI speech recognition, the group helped lead a backlash against Mattel’s talking Hello Barbie doll that it said was recording and analyzing children’s conversations. “Everything has been released with no regulation and no research, so it gives us extra pause when all of a sudden we see more and more manufacturers, including Mattel, who recently partnered with OpenAI, potentially putting out these products,” Franz said. PIRG last week called out the trend in its annual “ Trouble in Toyland ” report that typically looks at a range of product hazards, such as high-powered magnets and button-sized batteries that young children can swallow. We don’t yet know the developmental consequences of outsourcing that imaginative labor to an artificial agent—but it’s very plausible that it undercuts the kind of creativity and executive function that traditional pretend play builds,” Suskind said. PIRG Education Fund’s findings, we are actively working with our team to address any concerns, while continuously overseeing content and interactions to ensure a safe and enjoyable experience for children.” Another company, Miko, said it uses its own conversational AI model rather than relying on general large language model systems such as ChatGPT in order to make its product — an interactive AI robot — safe for children. We will continue to invest in setting the highest standards for safe, secure and responsible AI integration for Miko products.” Miko’s products are sold by major retailers such as Walmart and Costco and have been promoted by the families of social media “kidfluencers” whose YouTube videos have millions of views. Genuine friendship.” Ritvik Sharma, the company's senior vice president of growth, said Miko actually “encourages kids to interact more with their friends, to interact more with the peers, with the family members etc.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Health/wireStory/us-kenya-sign-expected-dozens-america-global-health-128111151
Article: The Trump administration has signed the first in what are expected to be dozens of “America First” global health agreements that prioritize combating infectious diseases in countries deemed to be aligned with the president’s broader foreign policy goals US and Kenya sign first of what are expected to be dozens of ‘America First’ global health deals FILE - U.S. (AP Photo/Heather Khalifa, Pool, file) WASHINGTON -- The Trump administration has signed the first in what are expected to be dozens of “America First” global health funding agreements that will prioritize combating infectious diseases in countries deemed to be aligned with the president’s broader foreign policy goals and positions. The five-year, $2.5 billion agreement with Kenya was signed Thursday by Kenyan President William Ruto and Secretary of State Marco Rubio to replace a patchwork of previous health agreements that had traditionally been run by the U.S. The elimination of USAID as a separate agency sparked widespread criticism and concern in the global health community as its immediate impact resulted in the defunding of multiple hundreds of programs focused on the developing world, including cuts to maternal and child care, nutrition and anti-HIV/AIDS programs. leadership and excellence in global health while eliminating dependency, ideology, inefficiency, and waste from our foreign assistance architecture.” He also praised Kenya for its role in leading and contributing to the international stabilization force working to combat powerful gangs in Haiti. by the end of the year, according to the officials, although two of the continent’s most populous nations — Nigeria and South Africa — are not expected to be among that group due to political differences with Trump, according to Lewin and Smith.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Health/wireStory/luigi-mangiones-court-hearing-continues-anniversary-unitedhealthcare-ceos-128098459
Article: A high-stakes hearing in the New York murder case against Luigi Mangione is continuing a year to the day after prosecutors say he gunned down UnitedHealthcare CEO Brian Thompson Luigi Mangione appears in Manhattan Criminal Court for an evidence hearing, Tuesday, Dec. (Curtis Means/Pool Photo via AP) NEW YORK -- A high-stakes hearing in the New York murder case against Luigi Mangione continues Thursday, a year to the day after prosecutors say he gunned down UnitedHealthcare CEO Brian Thompson. They have said that the 9 mm handgun matches the firearm used in the killing, that writings in the notebook laid out Mangione's disdain for health insurers and ideas about killing a CEO at an investor conference, and that he gave Pennsylvania police the same fake name that the alleged gunman used at a New York hostel days before the shooting. Tuesday's court session displayed police body-camera video of officers confronting Mangione at a McDonald's in Altoona, Pennsylvania, and concluding — to their amazement — that he was the much-publicized suspect in Thompson's killing five days earlier. The officers asked his name, whether he’d been in New York recently and other questions, including: “Why are you nervous?” Officers tried to play it cool and buy time by intimating that they were simply responding to a loitering complaint and chatting about his steak sandwich.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Health/wireStory/hepatitis-shot-trump-officials-targeting-128079138
Article: A federal vaccine advisory committee this week is expected to discuss whether newborns should still get the hepatitis B vaccine — the first shot found to prevent cancer What to know about the hepatitis B shot — and why Trump officials are targeting it FILE - U.S. (AP Photo/Rebecca Noble, File) NEW YORK -- A federal vaccine advisory committee this week is expected to discuss whether newborns should still get the hepatitis B vaccine — the first shot found to prevent cancer. The guidance was modified a little over the years and currently suggests a dose within 24 hours of birth for all medically stable infants who weigh at least 4.4 pounds (2 kilograms), plus follow-up shots to be given at about 1 month and 6 months. Kennedy, a leading anti-vaccine activist before becoming the nation’s top health official, fired all 17 members of ACIP earlier this year and replaced them with a group that includes several anti-vaccine voices. It’s one of parents uncomfortable with this medical procedure being performed at birth in a rather unilateral fashion without significant informed consent." The committee tabled a vote at the September meeting, but it's slated to be acted on during Thursday's meeting, according to the agenda. This week, public health researchers collaborating with hepatitis-focused advocacy organizations released a report estimating that delaying the birth dose to 2 months could result in at least 1,400 hepatitis B infections in children and 480 deaths. Among them is a recently formed coalition of government leaders from several Northeastern states, which this week issued a statement saying they would continue to urge families to get a birth dose within 24 hours of delivery.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Health/wireStory/single-shot-hpv-vaccine-fight-cervical-cancer-study-128088855
Article: A new study suggests a single HPV vaccination appears just as effective as two doses at preventing the viral infection that causes cervical cancer A single shot of HPV vaccine may be enough to fight cervical cancer, study finds WASHINGTON -- A single HPV vaccination appears just as effective as two doses at preventing the viral infection that causes cervical cancer, researchers reported Wednesday. Most HPV infections clear up on their own but some linger, causing cancers that appear years later, including cervical cancer in women and rarer cancers in both women and men. girls since 2006 and already the nation is counting fewer cases of precancerous cervical lesions among women in their 20s —- the first age group to start getting the shots back when they were tweens or teens. But cervical cancer kills about 340,000 women worldwide annually — and the new findings from a huge study in Costa Rica could help spur global efforts to protect more girls and young women in harder-to-reach low-income countries. But globally, the World Health Organization estimates less than a third of adolescent girls have been vaccinated — and the agency already had begun recommending either one or two doses in an effort to broaden protection.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Health/wireStory/doping-doorstep-olympic-drug-crisis-coming-mail-128067440
Article: A new wave of peptides, often banned by the World Anti-Doping Agency, is easily available online, raising concerns about potential Olympic doping scandals The next Olympic drug crisis could be coming through the mail FILE - The Olympic rings adorn the Stadio Olimpico del Ghiaccio, which will be called Cortina Curling Olympic Stadium, venue for the curling discipline at the Milan Cortina 2026 Winter Olympics, in Cortina d'Ampezzo, Italy, Thursday, Jan. (AP Photo/Giovanni Auletta, File) FILE - The Olympic rings adorn the Stadio Olimpico del Ghiaccio, which will be called Cortina Curling Olympic Stadium, venue for the curling discipline at the Milan Cortina 2026 Winter Olympics, in Cortina d'Ampezzo, Italy, Thursday, Jan. A trove of so-called research chemicals known as peptides, many of them banned by the World Anti-Doping Agency and some not approved for human use in the United States, are available with the simple click of a button through online retailers. With the Milan Cortina Games just two months away, they are hoping to break a string of scandals involving the Russians and Chinese that have disrupted the Games, both summer and winter, since 2014. Food and Drug Administration and are also banned by the WADA code, either under its “S2” category that encompasses peptides or under its “SO” classification, a catch-all category for "non-approved substances." The few substances specifically listed under the “S0" category — such as the popular BPC 157 — are placed there because the pharmalogical make-up of the substances don't fit neatly into another category on the banned list. One tricky part of the “S0” category is that it includes unapproved substances that aren't specifically listed because, for instance, there is no way to test for that drug and regulators don't want to reveal that to users. Catlin's research found hundreds of the banned or illegal peptides available on the online market and an ever-shifting menu of items, with some of them removed after The Associated Press started asking questions. Anti-Doping Agency, said the new-age peptides are hard to corral online because the American law prohibiting their sale dates to 1938 “and it just isn’t working and doesn’t work to this day.” “The bad guys know it, and that’s why the stuff proliferates,” Burke said. Though some peptides — insulin and the newly popular weight-loss dynamo GLP-1 are among the best examples — are time-tested, perfectly legal (with a prescription) and effective, other substances in the category are not legally marketable, either as supplements or prescription or over-the-counter drugs. The latter is a major IOC sponsor “committed to helping the IOC transform the Olympic Games for the digital era.” Asked by AP about this connection, an IOC spokesperson said Alibaba “confirmed to us that it consistently monitors its marketplaces and that it does not have prohibited substances for sale from the WADA 2025 list.” Approached by AP, a representative for Alibaba.com asked for links to “problematic” drugs sold by its marketplace and, after the AP sent two of them, said they had removed those items. Amazon told AP it requires all products offered on its marketplace to comply with applicable laws and regulations, and is in the process of removing products that violate its policies. A few days after being contacted by AP, the website removed some of the drugs the AP had asked about, but a number of listings remained and some new ones popped up. The current peptides boom comes some 25 years after the late Victor Conte became a household name in sports by developing and selling “the clear” and “the cream.” Those were the names for so-called designer steroids that led to the infamous scandal that emerged from Conte's Bay Area Lab Co-operative (BALCO) and engulfed baseball and track. Fast forward 25 years and this new model of performance enhancers are, in some cases, just as difficult to detect but as easy to purchase as clicking a few buttons on a computer. WADA spokesman James Fitzgerald said the availability of PEDs on websites isn't under its jurisdiction, but that WADA began teaming with national anti-doping and law enforcement agencies two years ago to tackle the illegal manufacture, sale and supply of performance enhancers of all sorts. “From a consumer-buyer-beware standpoint, anytime you consume or inject something where you don't know what you're taking, there's the possibility of adverse health effects, and that's concerning,” said Matt Fedoruk, USADA's chief science officer.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Health/wireStory/west-virginia-bans-religious-reasons-school-vaccine-exemptions-128057752
Article: -- The West Virginia Board of Education on Tuesday reinstated a school vaccination mandate after the state Supreme Court paused a lower court's ruling that allowed parents to cite religious beliefs to opt out of shots required for their children to attend classes. In issuing an injunction, Froble said children of families who objected to the state’s compulsory vaccination law on religious grounds would be allowed to attend school and participate in extracurricular sports. This directive will be in effect until the Supreme Court issues further guidance.” The board further said its priority is to ensure compliance with the vaccine law “and safeguard the health and well-being of all students across West Virginia.” The board had suspended the vaccine mandate last week after Froble's ruling, which said that a state policy barring parents from seeking religious exemptions violated the Equal Protection for Religion Act signed into law in 2023 by then-Republican Gov. The laws are modeled after the federal Religious Freedom Restoration Act, signed in 1993 by then-President Bill Clinton, which allows federal regulations that interfere with religious beliefs to be challenged.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Health/wireStory/visit-somalias-crumbling-hospitals-shows-toll-aid-cuts-127937190
Article: Somalia is one of the world’s poorest countries and it faces a crisis of health care made worse by the Trump administration's deep cuts in foreign aid A visit to Somalia's crumbling hospitals shows the toll of aid cuts and war By RODNEY MUHUMUZA Associated Press and OMAR FARUK Associated Press A mother sits with her malnourished baby at Banadir Hospital in Mogadishu, Somalia, Tuesday, Nov. (AP Photo/Farah Abdi Warsameh) MOGADISHU, Somalia -- To save the life of his badly malnourished 3-year-old son, farmer Yusuf Bulle had to travel from a remote area of southern Somalia to the capital, Mogadishu, where a rare health unit presented the only hope. cuts led to over 6,000 health workers losing their jobs while up to 2,000 health facilities were affected — a massive hit in a country that the Center for Global Development this year said was among the world's most likely to suffer as donors draw back. Bomb and gun attacks by the militants — including against health centers — have reduced in frequency and intensity in recent months, leading some to see success in President Hassan Sheikh Mohamud’s “total war” against al-Shabab. Even with major setbacks in overall foreign support this year, including from other key benefactors such as Britain, “security remains the first priority” for Somali authorities, Wasuge told the AP. “I hope, even if (the humanitarian groups) left, the Ministry of Health will replace their position.” Bulaale, the deputy health minister, said the government is working with some partners in "developing a contingency plan” after the loss of USAID funding. “They don’t get direct government budget that allows them to provide better health care services.” The Banadir and De Martino hospitals are where the most needy people are referred for care. Mohamed Adam Dini, who represents Somalia's Puntland state in the national assembly, described the federal government’s priorities as “deficient” because of its overwhelming focus on ending “anarchy." “A lot of diseases have been spreading” unchecked, Dini said, adding: ”There is no national health care plan, as we don’t have a national political plan.” ___ For more on Africa and development: https://apnews.com/hub/africa-pulse The Associated Press receives financial support for global health and development coverage in Africa from the Gates Foundation.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Health/wireStory/chairman-vaccine-committee-leaves-new-hhs-job-128006901
Article: Kennedy, a leading anti-vaccine activist before becoming the nation’s top health official, fired the entire 17-member panel earlier this year and replaced it with a group that includes several anti-vaccine voices. At a June meeting, the panel recommended that a preservative called thimerosal be removed from doses of flu vaccine even though some members acknowledged there was no proof it was causing harm. During his time as ACIP chair, the committee abandoned its traditional "evidence-to-recommendation" framework, which involved many months of analysis and discussion before proposals came before the full committee for a vote. Officials described the office as the department's “in-house think tank.” “I look forward to contributing to the science-based public health policies that will Make America Healthy Again," Kulldorff said in the HHS press release. The vaccine committee is scheduled to meet Thursday and Friday in Atlanta, with a vote expected on whether to change the recommendation on shots for newborns against hepatitis B, which can cause serious liver infections. But the virus can also be passed to a baby from an infected mother, and as many as 90% of infected infants go on to have chronic infections that can lead to a lifetime of health issues.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Health/wireStory/trump-hell-release-mri-results-part-body-scanned-127987724
Article: President Donald Trump says he'll release the results of his MRI test that he received in October Trump says he'll release MRI results but doesn't know what part of body was scanned By The Associated Press President Donald Trump speaks with reporters while in flight on Air Force One from his Mar-a-Lago estate in Palm Beach, Fla., to Joint Base Andrews, Sunday, Nov. (AP Photo/Alex Brandon) President Donald Trump speaks with reporters while in flight on Air Force One from his Mar-a-Lago estate in Palm Beach, Fla., to Joint Base Andrews, Sunday, Nov. He said the results of the MRI were “perfect.” The White House has declined to detail why Trump had an MRI during his physical in October or on what part of his body. The press secretary, Karoline Leavitt, has said that the president received “advanced imaging” at Walter Reed National Military Medical Center “as part of his routine physical examination” and that the results showed Trump remains in “exceptional physical health.” Trump added Sunday that he has “no idea” on what part of his body he got the MRI.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Health/wireStory/good-makes-us-feel-good-holidays-127978160
Article: The holiday season is a popular time for volunteering, but experts say giving back is beneficial year-round Why doing good also makes us feel good, during the holidays and beyond FILE - Volunteer Brent Cohen carries plates of food to guests during the annual Thanksgiving banquet at the Denver Rescue Mission on Nov. “When we feel grateful for all we have, that motivates us to do good things for other people who have helped us, and also to do good things for new people," said Sarah Schnitker, a psychologist at Baylor University. “In Hinduism, Divali is a time of lights and festiveness and good eating, but also a time in which people give gifts to really express what people have meant to them.” For Muslims, Ramadan, which ends with the festival of Eid al-Fitr, is a time for reflection, gratitude and acts of charity. But what we do have is that we’re super cooperators; we can do more in groups than alone.” Of course, humans aren’t always cooperative and generous — sometimes we’re also selfish and stubborn. On an individual level, “giving, volunteering and generosity have the ability to increase our sense of meaning and purpose in life,” said Jenae Nelson, a developmental psychologist at Brigham Young University “There’s a quick dopamine hit sometimes called the ‘helpers high.' But there’s also that deeper reward of helping us to establish purpose and meaning,” she said. “By helping other people and believing that small acts can change the world, you can bring coherence to your own life.” After Mia Thelen retired as a nurse in Owosso, Michigan, she began volunteering for the American Red Cross, starting out by minding the office phones during blood drives before gradually taking on more organizational and administrative responsibilities. Another common holiday tradition — sending greeting cards to family and old friends — also provides a chance to enhance or renew social ties, which people are often surprisingly reluctant to do, said Lara Aknin, a social psychologist at Simon Fraser University. But on the flip side, “people who’ve just heard from old friends report it as a really positive experience.” So go ahead and write those cards or make those phone calls, she said.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Health/wireStory/new-fda-approved-glasses-slow-nearsightedness-kids-127991881
Article: A new type of lens approved by the FDA promises to slow nearsightedness in children In this photo provided by EssilorLuxottica in October 2025, refractions caused by lenslets embedded in the company's Stellest eyeglass lens are projected onto a table. (Luxottica via AP) WASHINGTON -- For many children, the experience of getting their first pair of glasses is an inevitable milestone, the first in a lifetime of visits to the eye doctor. “'It will be lifelong and it will likely get worse over the next few years.’” The specialized glasses, sold under the brand Essilor Stellest, are approved by the FDA to slow nearsightedness in 6- to 12-year-olds. The new lenses use 11 concentric rings filled with tiny raised dots to refocus light onto the retina in a way that is believed to slow elongation of the eye. “Whether this hypothesis is ultimately proven to be true, of course, matters only in part,” Repka said, noting that the lenses appear to work regardless of how the underling science works. “I think before it becomes widely used, we will need some data in the United States" showing that the lenses work, said Repka, who is conducting a U.S.-based study of the new lenses supported by the National Institutes of Health.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Health/wireStory/100-autoimmune-diseases-strike-women-127267349
Article: Autoimmune diseases can affect just about every part of the body – and tens of millions of people There are more than 100 autoimmune diseases, and they mostly strike women.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Health/wireStory/white-house-circulates-plan-extend-obamacare-subsidies-trump-127842570
Article: The White House is circulating a proposal to extend Affordable Care Act subsidies for two more years President Donald Trump talks after meeting with New York City Mayor-elect Zohran Mamdani in the Oval Office of the White House, Friday, Nov. (AP Photo/Evan Vucci) WASHINGTON -- WASHINGTON (AP) — The White House is circulating a proposal that would extend subsidies to help consumers pay for coverage under the Affordable Care Act for two more years, as millions of Americans face spiking health care costs when the current tax credits are set to expire at the end of the year. The draft plan suggests that President Donald Trump is open to extending a provision of Obamacare as his administration and congressional Republicans search for a broader policy solution to a fight that has long flummoxed the party. Eligibility for the Obamacare subsidies, which were put in place during the COVID-19 pandemic to help people afford health care coverage, would be capped at 700% of the federal poverty level, according to two people with knowledge of the proposal. The baseline tax credits that were originally part of the Affordable Care Act were capped at 400% of the federal poverty level, but that cut-off was suspended because of the temporary COVID-era credits that allowed middle- and higher-income people to benefit from subsidies too. Even as the White House’s proposal remains in flux, the notion of extending any part of President Barack Obama’s signature legislative achievement is likely to rankle conservatives who have sought to repeal and replace the law for well over a decade. White House press secretary Karoline Leavitt told reporters on Monday afternoon that Trump “is very much involved in these talks” and that he is “focused on unveiling a health care proposal that will fix the system and will bring down costs for consumers.” But there are signs that parts of the nascent White House plan could get buy-in from Democrats. Maggie Hassan, one of eight members of the Senate Democratic caucus who voted to reopen the government earlier this month, said it “represents a starting point for serious negotiations.” “The fact that President Trump is putting forward any offer at all to extend the Affordable Care Act’s tax credits shows that there is a broad understanding that inaction in this regard will cause serious harm to the American people,” Hassan said. Jeanne Shaheen, who led bipartisan efforts to end the government shutdown, added that “I'm glad the president is reportedly considering a serious proposal.” “I’ve had constructive conversations with many of my Republican colleagues who I believe want to get this done,” Shaheen said. “They understand that the vast majority of people who benefit from these tax credits live in states the President won, and that the President’s own pollsters have underscored the enormous political urgency of Republicans acting.” In 2017, Trump fell short in a push to dismantle the Affordable Care Act, an embarrassing defeat for Republicans who had just seized control of all levers of power in Washington. The GOP has failed to coalesce around a unified health care proposal since, and the expiration of the pandemic-era subsidies gives Trump and his party an opportunity to put their own stamp on the issue. Bill Cassidy and others have proposed various ideas for redirecting the program’s spending on federal subsidies into health savings accounts that enrollees could use to shop for plans or defray out-of-pocket costs.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Health/wireStory/jfks-granddaughter-reveals-terminal-cancer-diagnosis-criticizes-cousin-127792820
Article: Kennedy’s granddaughter has disclosed that she has terminal cancer and may live for only about another year FILE - Tatiana Schlossberg, the daughter of Caroline Kennedy and Edwin Schlossberg, addresses an audience during the John F. Kennedy's granddaughter disclosed Saturday that she has terminal cancer, writing in an essay in “The New Yorker” that one of her doctors said she might live for about another year and criticizing policies pushed by her cousin, Health and Human Services Secretary Robert F. During the latest trial, she wrote, her doctor told her “he could keep me alive for a year, maybe.” Schlossberg also said policies backed by RFK could hurt cancer patients like her. “As I spent more and more of my life under the care of doctors, nurses, and researchers striving to improve the lives of others, I watched as Bobby cut nearly a half billion dollars for research into mRNA vaccines, technology that could be used against certain cancers,” the essay reads. “For my whole life, I have tried to be good, to be a good student and a good sister and a good daughter, and to protect my mother and never make her upset or angry,” she said.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Health/wireStory/autoimmune-disease-stole-mans-memory-learning-cope-127699470
Article: Here's how he's learning to cope By LAURAN NEERGAARD Associated Press and SHELLUM Associated Press Christy Morrill, 72, who lost decades of memories to autoimmune encephalitis, holds up a viewfinder with a slide film of himself as a college student, Wednesday, Aug. (AP Photo/David Goldman) Christy Morrill, 72, who lost decades of memories to autoimmune encephalitis, holds up a viewfinder with a slide film of himself as a college student, Wednesday, Aug. “When someone’s having new changes in their mental status, they’re worsening and if there’s sort of like a bizarre quality to it, that’s something that kind of tips our suspicion,” Horng said. What I could remember, it was like a nightmare, like the devil trying to catch me.” Later Alexander would ask about her 9-year-old daughter and when she could go home — only to forget the answer and ask again. “One has to think about unusual disorders.” Meanwhile Morrill’s wife, Karen, thought she’d detected subtle seizures — and one finally happened in front of another doctor, helping spur a spinal tap and diagnosis of LGI1-antibody encephalitis. “That's a terrible feeling, feeling like you're alone.” As for Morrill, five years later he still grieves decades of lost memories: family gatherings, a year spent studying in Scotland, the travel with his wife. But he’s making new memories with grandkids, is back outdoors — and leads an AE Alliance support group, using his haiku to illustrate the journey from his “unraveling” to “the present is what I have, daybreaks and sunsets” to, finally, “I can sustain hope.” “I’m reentering some real time of fun, joy,” Morrill said. I just wanted to be alive.” ___ The Associated Press Health and Science Department receives support from the Howard Hughes Medical Institute’s Department of Science Education and the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Health/wireStory/declares-end-indonesias-poliovirus-outbreak-yearslong-vaccination-campaign-127742876
Article: The World Health Organization has declared Indonesia’s polio outbreak officially over following nearly three years of intensive response efforts JAKARTA, Indonesia -- The World Health Organization has declared Indonesia’s polio outbreak officially over, following nearly three years of intensive response efforts, officials said Friday. Officials say that polio immunization rates in Aceh are well behind the rest of the country, with efforts hampered by widespread disinformation that the vaccine is incompatible with religious beliefs, among other things. Over the next two years, cases appeared in the provinces of Banten, West Java, Central Java, East Java, North Maluku, Central Papua, Highland Papua and South Papua, prompting the mass immunization and information drive. In a joint announcement on Friday, Indonesian Health Minister Budi Gunadi Sadikin credited the success to “the dedication of health workers and the commitment of parents and communities," while WHO's Western Pacific Regional Director Saia Ma'u Piukala called the achievement “a critical step toward global eradication,” while calling for continued vigilance. The risk of polio remains, especially with the gaps in immunization coverage in several provinces in Indonesia.” Indonesia's response included two rounds of nationwide immunization using novel oral polio vaccine type 2 and improved routine coverage. The second dose of inactivated polio vaccine rose from 1.9 million children or 63% in 2023 to 3.2 million children or 73% last year, aided by the introduction of a hexavalent vaccine which expected to reduce the number of injections children receive and accelerate the development of immunity to various diseases. “This shows what is possible when communities, health workers and partners unite,” said UNICEF Indonesia Representative Maniza Zaman, "We must keep up the momentum, so every child receives the immunization they need to grow up healthy and free from polio and other vaccine-preventable diseases.”

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Health/wireStory/maha-idealism-meets-political-reality-rfk-jr-attempts-127742842
Article: is fending off criticism from his own base as some of the environmental and anti-vaccine activists who propelled him into politics have said they want stronger action against vaccines and pharmaceutical companies Health and Human Services Secretary Robert F. spent a recent Wednesday showered in praise from the vice president and health technology CEOs at a glitzy “Make America Healthy Again” event in Washington, designed to celebrate the health secretary’s successes and the movement he has built. Yet online, a different narrative of his tenure was playing out as a small but vocal group of Kennedy’s supporters and former employees assailed top Trump administration advisers, claiming they were sabotaging him and redirecting MAHA away from its original goals. “I’m not there, but what I’ve heard of what’s happening today is not the MAHA that we signed up for.” The criticisms, which grew loud enough that the health secretary took to social media to defend his colleagues two days later, exposed the cracks that are beginning to form within his coalition as it amasses power and broadens in scope. The movement’s meaning hasn’t changed and it’s stronger than ever.” Public health researchers say the genius that fuels Kennedy’s movement — the universal appeal of making Americans healthier — can also cause conflicts by inviting competing interests. “The bigger your tent is, the harder it can be to make everyone happy.” Kennedy, a longtime environmental lawyer and anti-vaccine activist who helped lead the crusade against COVID-19 shots during the pandemic, has taken many steps to curtail vaccines this year. He pulled $500 million for their development, ousted and replaced every member of a federal vaccine advisory committee and pledged to overhaul a federal program for compensating Americans injured by shots. As recently as this week, in a move that thrilled Kennedy's anti-vaccine base, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention changed its website to contradict the longtime scientific conclusion that vaccines do not cause autism. In their attacks on the administration last week, a few MAHA influencers and two fired HHS employees suggested White House chief of staff Susie Wiles and Kennedy’s close adviser, Stefanie Spear, were conspiring to limit Kennedy’s ability to restrict vaccines and crack down on pharmaceutical companies. Some Kennedy supporters latched on to the claims and pointed to Wiles’ career history at a lobbying firm that has worked with Pfizer as evidence she’s trying to undermine him. “Let’s build our coalition instead of splintering it.” Since the “Make America Healthy Again” slogan debuted on the campaign trail last year, Kennedy and Trump have widened the MAHA tent considerably by inviting anyone into the fold who has concerns about Americans’ health, nutrition and chronic disease. Steak ’n Shake recently promoted its fries cooked in beef tallow, saying it was “proud to be part of the MAHA movement.” At the recent MAHA event in Washington, hosted by the pro-Kennedy group MAHA Action, Kennedy and other federal health officials appeared on a stage that was occupied throughout the day by biotech companies like CRISPR Therapeutics and Regeneron, the brain-computer interface company Neuralink and various AI companies and health startups. “I was not thrilled about some of the people who were there,” said Leslie Manookian, president and founder of the Health Freedom Defense Fund, a nonprofit that promotes bodily autonomy. “I don’t think that we make America healthy again through pills, creams, injections, pharmaceuticals, chips, monitors, devices.” Tony Lyons, president of MAHA Action, told The Associated Press that the MAHA movement’s strength “comes from its openness to ideas, from its dedication to including all voices, all perspectives, more dialogue, more fierce debate.” “We don’t want to exclude anyone,” he said. “We don’t want to censor anyone.” Ethan Augreen, who led Colorado’s volunteer effort for Kennedy’s presidential campaign last year, said he was concerned both by speakers at the event and by a recent Kennedy social media post about meeting with tech leaders to talk about personal health data. “Grassroots MAHA people definitely don’t trust these corporations, and it’s not really apparent whether the administration is just getting in bed with them or really holding their feet to the fire.” At a recent Oval Office meeting, Kennedy stood with Trump and other administration leaders as they touted a deal with drugmakers Eli Lilly and Novo Nordisk to expand coverage and reduce the prices of weight-loss drugs. Mehmet Oz, the administrator of the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, said during the MAHA event that scrutiny of it from Kennedy’s base was “understandable.” He defended the administration as using Trump's negotiation playbook instead of going “head-to-head with adversaries.” Several of Kennedy’s core supporters said they see the government as a deeply entrenched bureaucracy that won’t be easy to reform, even as they hope he'll be able to remove toxins from food and the environment and further restrict vaccines. “But if you’re doing nothing but throwing rocks, then you can become a problem.” Motta, the professor, said regardless of where MAHA goes next, it’s already bigger than any singular policy position.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Health/wireStory/rfk-jr-gold-standard-science-127779454
Article: Daniel Jernigan, who resigned from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in August, told reporters Wednesday that Kennedy seems to be “going from evidence-based decision making to decision-based evidence making.” It was the latest example of the Trump administration's challenge to established science. At a two-day meeting this fall, Kennedy’s handpicked vaccine advisers to the CDC raised questions about vaccinating babies against hepatitis B, an inoculation long shown to reduce disease and death drastically. During the country's worst year for measles in more than three decades, Kennedy cast doubt on the measles vaccine while championing unproven treatments and alleging that the unvaccinated children who died were “already sick.” Scientists say the process of getting medicines and vaccines to market and recommended in the United States has, until now, typically relied on gold standard science. This is sometimes the case with vaccine trials, “because we have so much data showing how safe and effective they are, it would be unethical to withhold vaccines from a particular group,” said Jessica Steier, a public health scientist and founder of the Unbiased Science podcast. “It’s about trying to reduce uncertainty to the point where you can say, ‘I have good confidence that if we do X, we’ll see result Y.’ But there’s no guarantee.” If you come across a research paper online, in a news story or cited by officials to change your mind about something, here are some questions to ask: — Who did the research?

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Health/wireStory/move-cheer-dance-wave-tap-collective-joy-mode-127795436
Article: How to tap into the collective joy of 'we mode' FILE - Fans do the wave as Tennessee plays against LSU in the eighth inning of a baseball game at the NCAA College World Series in Omaha, Neb., June 17, 2023. Gratz, File) FILE - Fans do the wave as Tennessee plays against LSU in the eighth inning of a baseball game at the NCAA College World Series in Omaha, Neb., June 17, 2023. Although the walkers and the crowd perform very different roles during the annual June ritual, they report similar feelings: an ineffable feeling of togetherness, as if the entire group becomes one, said Dimitris Xygalatas, a cognitive anthropologist at the University of Connecticut, who witnessed the Spanish ritual years ago as a researcher. Both are instances of collective effervescence, said Xygalatas, author of “Rituals: How Seemingly Senseless Acts Make Life Worth Living.” It’s that feeling that happens when people engage together in a meaningful activity that sparks positive emotions. “It becomes contagious.” “We mode” has also been called physiological synchrony, and McGonigal calls it “collective joy.” The concept was documented more than a century ago by French sociologist Emile Durkheim, who described cultural effervescence after studying aboriginal Australian societies. “If you’re at a group exercise class, and your instructor is like, ‘Can I get a whoop, whoop?’ You gotta whoop, whoop.” ___ Albert Stumm writes about wellness, food and travel.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Health/wireStory/flu-activity-low-experts-worry-new-strain-vaccination-127770890
Article: An early analysis suggests current vaccines may still be somewhat effective against the new version of the flu, which has been the main driver of recent infections, CDC data shows. Flu was the underlying or a contributing cause of more than 18,000 deaths, and one seven-day stretch early this year saw more than 1,800 deaths — the highest one-week spike in at least a decade. That type is responsible for most flu infections so far this year, and more than half have been a new subclade K variant that is different from the strain this year's flu shots were built to fight. A preliminary analysis from the United Kingdom suggests the shots do provide at least partial protection, although it will take some time for scientists to know exactly how effective they are. “This is the ideal time to get vaccinated.” Researchers this year have been facing an unusual struggle to get a handle on how respiratory infection and vaccination rates have been trending. Indeed, vaccination rates against COVID-19 clearly continue to plummet, with about 6% of children and 14% of adults up to date on their shots, according to other CDC data posted Friday.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Health/wireStory/fight-curb-climate-change-now-talks-brazil-ended-127827136
Article: It's about rolling sleeves up.” Others look at the key failure of not delivering a road map to phase out coal, oil and gas — the main causes of warming. Impacts will intensify, because emissions are not slowing down." Stiell pointed to seven different paragraphs in the agreements from Belem that could spur action for reduced greenhouse gas emissions and fewer fossil fuels. That agenda includes a promise of $1 trillion for improving energy grids and infrastructure; ramping up the production of biofuels; industrial decarbonization plans in developing countries; $5.5 billion toward a fund to pay countries to keep their forests standing; and other pledges of funding, including from the private sector, for projects in areas like farming and adaptation. One specific action that Stiell and several others emphasized was a new “global implementation accelerator," a voluntary and cooperative system designed to help nations that want to do more than they've previously proposed in their climate fighting plans. “If the ‘ambition accelerator’ can help to do this, it will make a massive difference to the global warming outlook,” said Bill Hare, CEO of the climate science and policy institute Climate Analytics. Because they couldn't get a consensus at the talks in Belem, the COP30 presidency promised to create two new “road maps," one to guide the transition away from fossil fuels and another to stop deforestation. “If they come with real timelines, accountability and finance, they have the potential to shape global action and hold governments to their word,” said Mariana Paoli of the anti-poverty group Christian Aid. “They don’t have power on their own, but they can create the structure around which real change is built.” COPs need consensus, which often means the weakest deals because they have to please everyone, experts said. "They have understood that this process can be dangerous for them and they put even more effort than ever into blocking any progress.” “The outcome of COP30 reminds us once again that action dependent on global consensus will never be enough to tackle the climate crisis at scale,” said Katharine Hayhoe, chief scientist at The Nature Conservancy. She said they are "slow and imperfect, yet they have still moved the world forward — sometimes in unexpected ways.'' “Over the next year, we are likely to see continued escalation of climate impacts alongside gradual progress on climate action,” said Mohamed Adow, director of PowerShift Africa. “Renewable energy expansion will continue, but so will new fossil fuel investments in many parts of the world.” Johan Rockstrom, director of the Potsdam Institute for Climate Research, said all forms of extreme weather and climate events will increase, hitting the most vulnerable people hardest and threatening the survival of coral reefs and the very Amazon that hosted the talks. “We need to pull all the levers at our disposal to limit global warming." “The giant boulder of climate action is already rolling down the hill in the right direction,” Hayhoe said.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Health/wireStory/washington-state-man-believed-die-rare-strain-bird-127774361
Article: A Washington state man is believed to be the first person to die from a rare strain of bird flu, but state health officials say the risk to the public is low Washington state man believed to be the first to die from a rare strain of bird flu GRAYS HARBOR COUNTY, Wash. -- A Washington state man is believed to be the first person to die from a rare strain of bird flu, but state health officials said Friday the risk to the public is low. The man, an older adult with underlying health conditions, was being treated for a bird flu called H5N5 after becoming seemingly the first known human infected by the strain, according to a statement from the Washington State Department of Health. The man from Grays Harbor County, about 78 miles (125 kilometers) southwest of Seattle, had a backyard flock of domestic poultry that had been exposed to wild birds, health officials said. “No other people involved have tested positive for avian influenza.” Health officials said they will monitor anyone who came in close contact with the man, but “there is no evidence of transmission of this virus between people." Earlier this month, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention issued a statement about the infection that said no information would suggest “the risk to public health has increased as a result of this case.” H5N5 is not believed to be a greater threat to human health than the H5N1 virus behind a wave of 70 reported human infections in the U.S.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Health/wireStory/man-charged-colorado-planned-parenthood-shooting-dies-federal-127880271
Article: The man charged with killing three people at a Colorado Planned Parenthood clinic in 2015 because it offered abortion services has died in federal custody FILE - Robert Dear talks to Judge Gilbert Martinez during a court appearance in Colorado Springs, Colo., on Dec. (Andy Cross/The Denver Post via AP, Pool, File) Robert Dear, the man who was charged with killing three people at a Colorado Planned Parenthood clinic in 2015 because it offered abortion services, has died in federal custody, the Federal Bureau of Prisons confirmed Tuesday. Dear, who was charged in 2019 in federal court, became entangled in a legal battle over whether he could be medicated for his mental illness, delusional disorder, against his will. Dear had called himself a “warrior for the babies." Federal prosecutors alleged that he armed himself with several guns, propane tanks and 500 rounds of ammunition and shot outside the clinic before shooting his way through the door. Ke’Arre Stewart, 29, an Army veteran who served in Iraq and was a father of two, and Jennifer Markovsky, 36, a mother of two who grew up in Oahu, Hawaii, were accompanying friends to the clinic before they were killed.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Health/wireStory/expanded-work-requirements-kick-snap-127657680
Article: SNAP food benefits are flowing again after a pause during the federal government shutdown What to know about expanded work requirements about to kick in for SNAP A sign is displayed for EBT for the USDA Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP) at the Friend's Meat Market and Grocery, Friday, Nov. During the first couple weeks of November, many of those recipients missed their regular allotments as President Donald Trump's administration battled in court over whether tap into reserves to fund the program while the government was shut down. Here’s what to know about SNAP: For the first part of the month, the situation was chaotic after the federal government said SNAP would not be funded because of the government shutdown. A massive tax and spending bill signed into law in July by Trump expanded requirements for many adult SNAP recipients to work, volunteer or participate in job training for at least 80 hours a month. The new requirements are expected to reduce the average monthly number of SNAP recipients by about 2.4 million people over the next 10 years, according to the Congressional Budget Office. An Agriculture Department spokesperson didn't clarify but instead said in a statement that the standard recertification processes for households is part of a plan to eliminate fraud, abuse and waste.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Entertainment/wireStory/detroits-crime-fighter-robocop-finally-stands-guard-motor-128116020
Article: A statue looming 11 feet tall (3.3 meters) and weighing 3,500 pounds (1,587 kilograms) has been drawing fans since it began standing guard over the Motor City on Wednesday afternoon, after about 15 years in the making. Even in a snowstorm in the dark, people were driving by to see it, said Jim Toscano, co-owner of the FREE AGE film production company where the bronze-cast statue now stands bolted near the sidewalk. “RoboCop” hit theaters in 1987, portraying a near-future Detroit as crime-ridden and poorly protected by a beleaguered and outgunned police force, until actor Peter Weller appeared as a nearly invincible cyborg, created by a nefarious corporation bent on privatizing policing. There was a time when Detroit pushed back on anything pointing to its past reputation as an unsafe city, and the movie, which developed a cult following, spawning two sequels and a reboot, didn't help its image. You put in a little nostalgia and that helps.” The statue campaign appears to have started around 2010 when Detroit Mayor Dave Bing was tagged in a tweet that noted Philadelphia's statue of boxer Rocky Balboa and said RoboCop would be a “GREAT ambassador for Detroit.” Bing tweeted back, saying there were no such plans. But some Detroiters ran with the idea, crowdfunding it through a 2012 Kickstarter campaig n that raised more than $67,000 from more than 2,700 backers worldwide, and Detroit sculptor Giorgio Gikas finished the statue in 2017. The search for a suitable home for RoboCop remained in limbo until about three years ago when Toscano's company bought a building in Eastern Market, an open-air produce market, shopping and entertainment district just northeast of downtown. But if there is one iconic line uttered by RoboCop that fits this moment, Toscano said it would be “Thank you for your cooperation.” On Thursday, James Campbell approached the statue and told three picture-takers: “I own this. Do you guys know that?” Campbell said he donated $100 to the original Kickstarter campaign over a decade ago, which makes him a ”.038 percent owner of this statue.” “I’m here to see this big, beautiful, bronze piece of art,” he said.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Entertainment/wireStory/hollywood-meets-middle-east-red-sea-international-film-128123804
Article: The Red Sea International Film Festival has opened its fifth edition in Jeddah, Saudi Arabia Aishwarya Rai Bachchan arrives for the opening of the Red Sea International Film Festival in Jeddah, Saudi Arabia, Thursday, Dec. (AP Photo/Amr Nabil) JEDDAH, Saudi Arabia -- The fifth edition of the Red Sea International Film Festival, one of the Middle East’s largest film festivals, opened Thursday in the coastal city of Jeddah, marking a significant moment for the kingdom’s growing film industry. The festival’s prestigious “Red Sea: Competition” strand features a selection of 16 narrative features, animations and documentaries from the Arab world, Asia and Africa, all vying for the top honor: the Yusr Awards, which will be presented at the closing ceremony. This year, the selection jury is being led by the Academy Award-winning filmmaker Sean Baker, best known for “Anora,” which won five Oscars, four of which went to Sean Baker himself. “It’s rare that I see a festival just exploding in terms of importance and impact on world cinema.” The festival opens with “Giant,” a true story of legendary British-Yemeni boxing champion Prince Naseem ‘Naz’ Hamed. It’s daunting, it’s terrifying, but it’s an honor.” The opening night drew a wide range of international stars, including Hollywood and Bollywood figures including Adrien Brody, Sir Michael Caine, Vin Diesel and Ana de Armas walking the red carpet.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Entertainment/wireStory/zohran-mamdani-louvre-make-list-mispronounced-words-2025-128101641
Article: From the election of Zohran Mamdani to the intrigue surrounding the jewel heist at the Louvre, keeping up with this year’s news also left some Americans struggling with pronunciations Zohran Mamdani and the Louvre make the list of most mispronounced words of 2025 DALLAS -- From the election of Zohran Mamdani to the intrigue surrounding the jewel heist at the Louvre, keeping up with this year's news also left some Americans struggling with pronunciations. “A lot of these words come from different languages and so we have to adapt to a sound that we’ve never made before,” said Esteban Touma, a linguistic and cultural expert at Babbel. President Donald Trump gave comedians plenty of material when he stumbled over the word as he implored pregnant women to avoid taking the painkiller despite inconclusive evidence about whether too much could be linked to autism. In a pronunciation surprise of the year, actor Denzel Washington told late-night talk show host Jimmy Kimmel that he was named after his father and their first names are actually pronounced DEN-zul.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Entertainment/wireStory/amc-entertainment-ceo-remains-charge-worlds-largest-theater-128110740
Article: AMC Entertainment said Thursday that CEO Adam Aron suffered a minor stroke last month but recovered rapidly and will continue to lead the world’s biggest movie theater chain WASHINGTON -- AMC Entertainment CEO Adam Aron suffered a minor stroke last month but is recovering rapidly and will continue to lead the world’s biggest movie theater chain, the company said Thursday. Besides an initial slurring of speech, AMC says Aron has shown no loss of cognitive brain function and that he expects to make a "speedy and full recovery." “Given his mental acuity and physical resilience, Mr. “He has kept in close and constant communication with the board of directors of AMC, with respect both to the prognosis for his recovery as well as the general business affairs of the company.” AMC has yet to fully recover from the COVID-19 pandemic, when the company was forced to close theaters, furlough staff and logged a 2020 loss of $4.6 billion. Following the peak of the pandemic, retail investors poured money into AMC stock as part of the meme stock craze, sending its shares from around $11 each to nearly $340 in June of 2021.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Entertainment/wireStory/theodor-pitk-czech-oscar-winning-costume-designer-dies-128109198
Article: (Katerina Sulova/CTK via AP, File) PRAGUE -- Theodor Pištěk, a Czech costume and stage designer and painter who won an Academy Award for his work on the 1984 film “Amadeus,” has died. His death was announced on Thursday by the town of Mukařov, just east of Prague, where he lived and was confirmed by his family to the local CTK news agency. Pištěk’s costumes appeared in the films of director František Vláčil from the end of 1950s, including “Marketa Lazarová” and “The Valley of the Bees,” but his most famous work appears in the movies by late Czech-born director Milos Forman. As he accepted the award in 1985, he called it “the biggest and happiest day of my film career.” Pištěk was also nominated for an Academy award for Forman's 1989 movie “Valmont.” He won the the French Cesar award for that film. Until the middle of the 1970s, Pištěk was also involved in motor racing as a driver and cars became a subject of paintings he made that were displayed in the United States and elsewhere.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Entertainment/wireStory/chanels-new-showman-stages-ode-nyc-star-packed-128062446
Article: Designer Matthieu Blazy has taken Chanel's fashions underground, with a runway show on a New York City subway platform Chanel's new showman stages an ode to NYC with star-packed runway show on a real subway platform Models walk the runway during the CHANEL 2025/26 Métiers d'art fashion show at Bowery subway station on Tuesday, Dec. (Photo by CJ Rivera/Invision/AP) NEW YORK -- Chanel’s new showman, Matthieu Blazy, took his designs on the road Tuesday — or rather, underground, with a buzzy New York runway show staged on an actual subway platform. And befitting the first Chanel shows in New York since 2018, there were VIPs aplenty: A$AP Rocky, Tilda Swinton, Ayo Edebiri, Rose Byrne, Kristen Stewart, Sofia Coppola, Lupita Nyong’o, Jessie Buckley, Margaret Qualley, Bowen Yang, Jon Bon Jovi and many others. Guests entered via a doorway at 168 Bowery, and at first, it seemed like Chanel had perhaps decorated an event space to resemble a subway station, complete with tiled walls, turnstiles and a newsstand (with its own bespoke newspapers). The show was a marked contrast in vibe with the last Métiers d’Art collection in New York in 2018, when the late designer Karl Lagerfeld took over the Egyptian Temple of Dendur at the Metropolitan Museum of Art for what felt like a mini-Met Gala, with clothes channeling the luxury of Egyptian royalty. Blazy was inspired not by royalty but by ordinary urban commuters, of different ages and types, coming together in a mashup of styles from different eras, from the 1920s onward. It is a place full of wonderful encounters, a clash of pop archetypes.” His models strolled the platform, some checking for arriving trains — feigning annoyance at their lateness — or leaning against a post as they waited. It wasn't one woman." Stewart, like others, had no idea going in what the show’s theme would be, and thought the subway environment felt like “a flurry of fleeting caught moments.” “Like, ‘Where is she going?’ I wanted to go with them,” Stewart said.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Entertainment/wireStory/string-awards-makes-clear-battle-after-oscar-front-128088560
Article: If there were any doubt, the first few days of Hollywood’s year-end awards has already made it abundantly clear A string of awards makes it clear: 'One Battle After Another' is the Oscar front-runner This image released by Warner Bros. Pictures via AP) NEW YORK -- If there were any doubt, the first few days of Hollywood's year-end awards has already made it abundantly clear: Paul Thomas Anderson's “One Battle After Another” is the Oscar front-runner. On Wednesday, it swept the National Board of Review Awards, winning best film, best director for Anderson and acting awards for Leonardo DiCaprio, Benicio del Toro and newcomer Chase Infiniti. With an opening scene depicting a raid at an immigrant detention facility, Anderson's opus has struck critics and moviegoers, alike, for its contemporary relevance in the first year of President Donald Trump's second term. Even foes of the film, like conservative commentator Ben Shapiro, have predicted it will “win all the Academy Awards.” Yet Anderson's film is, in many ways, an Academy Awards oddity. In fact, should “One Battle After Another” go on to win at the March 15 Oscars, it could be one of the only money-losers to ever win the industry's top honor. With a production budget of at least $130 million (some reports have it much higher) and another $70 million in marketing costs, it will have to have an extraordinary after-theater life to break even. Aside from the blockbuster launches of “Zootopia 2” and “Wicked: For Good,” waves of would-be awards contenders — films like “The Smashing Machine,” “Roofman” and “Christy”— have fizzled with ticket buyers. At a time when so few films anything like “One Battle After Another” get greenlit, let alone with such budgets, the cost of “One Battle After Another” could even be seen as a badge of honor.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Entertainment/wireStory/new-zealand-man-accused-eating-faberge-pendant-inspired-128064791
Article: Police in New Zealand are monitoring a man accused of swallowing a $19,000 pendant with the intention of smuggling it out of a jewelry store A police car is parked outside the Auckland District Court in Auckland, New Zealand, Aug. (Bevan Read/Fairfax NZ/STUFF via AP) WELLINGTON, New Zealand -- Police in New Zealand are waiting for nature to take its course after a man allegedly tried to smuggle a 33,000 New Zealand dollar ($19,000) pendant out of a jewelry store by swallowing it.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Entertainment/wireStory/sabrina-carpenter-franklin-turtle-publisher-condemn-trump-administrations-128044918
Article: Pop singer Sabrina Carpenter and the publisher of Franklin the Turtle are disavowing the Trump administration's use of their work Sabrina Carpenter and Franklin the Turtle publisher condemn Trump administration's use of their work FILE - Sabrina Carpenter arrives at the 67th annual Grammy Awards on Feb. (Photo by Jordan Strauss/Invision/AP, File) WASHINGTON -- Pop singer Sabrina Carpenter and the publisher of the beloved children’s character Franklin the Turtle are disavowing the Trump administration’s use of their music and imagery to support its agenda. Do not ever involve me or my music to benefit your inhumane agenda.” In the caption for the clip, the White House quoted Carpenter’s lyrics, “Have you ever tried this one? Bye-bye.” And on Monday, ‘Franklin the Turtle’ publisher Kids Can Press condemned Defense Secretary Pete Hegseth’s post on X featuring a manipulated image showing Franklin aiming a bazooka at boats. Hegseth posted the image with the caption “Franklin Targets Narco Terrorists.” “We strongly condemn any denigrating, violent, or unauthorized use of Franklin’s name or image, which directly contradicts these values,” the publisher said in a tweet. There is a long list of performers and artists who have objected to the Trump administration using their songs and copyright material, including ABBA, Bruce Springsteen, Olivia Rodrigo, Rihanna, Phil Collins, Pharrell, John Fogerty, Semisonic, Neil Young, Eddy Grant, Panic!

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Entertainment/wireStory/spotify-wrapped-2025-bad-bunny-dethroned-taylor-swift-128070282
Article: The most-streamed album globally was, of course, Bad Bunny’s “Debí Tirar Más Fotos” followed by the “KPop Demon Hunters” soundtrack and three releases from 2024: Billie Eilish's “Hit Me Hard and Soft,” SZA's “SOS Deluxe: LANA” and Sabrina Carpenter's “Short n' Sweet,” in that order. The most-streamed album is Wallen's “I'm The Problem,” followed by SZA, Bad Bunny, the “KPop Demon Hunters” soundtrack and Lamar's “GNX.” Globally, the most-streamed song title goes to Bruno Mars and Lady Gaga's collaboration, “Die with a Smile,” which has racked up over 1.7 billion streams. Then it's Eilish's “Birds of a Feather,” Mars' and Rosé 's “APT.”, Alex Warren's “Ordinary” and Bad Bunny's “DtMF.” Lamar and SZA's “Luther” was the most-streamed song in the U.S., followed by “Die with a Smile,” “Ordinary,” “Birds of a Feather” and in fifth, Lamar and Lefty Gunplay's “TV Off.” Like every year, there are a few new features. Other revisited features in 2025 include “Top Songs,” which now will allow users to see how many times they streamed their top 100 tracks and a “Top Song Quiz.” The biggest artists, globally, continue to earn top spots on Spotify Wrapped. Spotify is the largest platform of all — making up roughly 31% of the total market share — with a reported 713 million users and 281 million subscribers in more than 180 markets.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Entertainment/wireStory/trump-play-starring-role-heading-big-weekend-kennedy-128062868
Article: (AP Photo/Rahmat Gul, file) WASHINGTON -- On Friday afternoon, the Kennedy Center, best known for its theater, opera and ballet, will be the unlikely center of the sports world when the matchups for next year's World Cup are announced there. On the same day last month that FIFA said it would issue the new award, Infantino called Trump a “close friend" who has “such an incredible energy.” If the prospect of a peace prize isn't enough attention, Trump will assume a role played in the past by the broadcasting legend Walter Cronkite and other luminaires by hosting the Kennedy Center Honors, if current plans hold. When presidents participate in the Kennedy Center Honors — Trump skipped the event during his first term — they generally stay in their box, wave to the audience and cheer the honorees. Deborah Rutter, who was fired as the Kennedy Center's president, said in a May statement that allegations of poor financial management were “false” and insisted that when she left, “the Kennedy Center was fiscally sound.” But the fallout has been intense with prominent musicals such as “Hamilton” canceling performances. “It was always a joy to be asked to perform at the Kennedy Center,” Jane Alexander, an actor and former chair of the National Endowment for the Arts, told The Associated Press. Sheldon Whitehouse, the top Democrat on the Environment and Public Works Committee, released documents last month showing the Kennedy Center entered into an agreement giving FIFA “exclusive” use of the facility from Nov. Roma Daravi, the Kennedy Center’s vice president of public relations, told the AP that it was being paid $7.4 million to hold the draw, including a $2.4 million donation from FIFA along with sponsorship opportunities and expenses. The venue's history is rooted in bipartisan cooperation when Republican President Dwight Eisenhower worked with Democrats who controlled Congress at the time to pass legislation that would create a national cultural center. Some of the 2025 winners have a history of backing Trump, including “Rocky” actor Sylvester Stallone, who has called Trump “the second George Washington” and founding Kiss member Ace Frehley, who endorsed Trump in 2020, calling him “the strongest leader we’ve got.” But some Trump detractors will also be recognized, including Kiss musician Paul Stanley. And though singer Gloria Gaynor hasn't publicly criticized the president, her 1970s disco hit “I Will Survive" is both a Trump favorite and an anthem for feminists and the LGBTQ community. FIFA announced late Tuesday that supermodel and television personality Heidi Klum, comedian Kevin Hart and actor Danny Ramirez will be on hand on Friday along with performances by Andrea Bocelli, the Village People, Robbie Williams and Nicole Scherzinger. The Kennedy Center's big weekend caps what has been a difficult year for Washington as Trump has portrayed the city as crime-ridden even as the violent crime rate is down. “For us as a destination, perhaps this gives us a chance to have some positive feedback,” said Elliott Ferguson, the president and CEO of Destination DC, the city's marketing organization.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Entertainment/wireStory/battle-after-jafar-panahi-win-big-gotham-awards-128023365
Article: Paul Thomas Anderson’s “One Battle After Another” was crowned best feature film and the dissident Iranian director Jafar Panahi won three awards Monday at the 35th annual Gotham Awards, a starry kickoff to the film industry’s awards season 'One Battle After Another' and Jafar Panahi win big at Gotham Awards Maya Rudolph, left, and Paul Thomas Anderson attend The Gotham Film Awards at Cipriani Wall Street on Monday, Dec. (Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP) NEW YORK -- Paul Thomas Anderson’s “One Battle After Another” was crowned best feature film and the dissident Iranian director Jafar Panahi won three awards Monday at the 35th annual Gotham Awards, a starry kickoff to the film industry’s awards season. But the black-tie affair, held at Cipriani Wall Street in downtown Manhattan, is known for celebrating smaller films while also dishing out generous helpings of tribute awards to Oscar hopefuls. Past winners include indies like “Past Lives,” “Everything Everywhere All at Once” and the surprise 2024 winner, “A Different Man.” “I remember when the Gotham Awards were for low-budget movies,” joked Adam Sandler, presenting a tribute to Noah Baumbach. “Let’s go home or let’s go to a bar somewhere or something.” While the Gothams help the industry get into the swing of awards season, they're quirkier than bigger-name ceremonies. Best lead performance went to Sopé Dìrísù for the British-Nigerian drama “My Father’s Shadow.” His award was accepted by the film’s director, Akinola Davies Jr., who also won for breakthrough director. Best supporting performance went to Wunmi Mosaku of “Sinners,” a victory that came over nominees such as Teyana Taylor (“One Battle After Another”), Stellan Skarsgård (“Sentimental Value”) and Jacob Elordi (“Frankenstein”). “Filmmakers who keep the camera rolling in silence without support and, at times, risking everything they have, only with their faith in truth and humanity.” Other winners Monday included Harry Lighton (“Pillion”) for adapted screenplay; Abou Sangaré (“Souleymane’s Story”) for breakthrough performer; and Julia Loktev’s “My Undesirable Friends: Part 1 — Last Air in Moscow” for best documentary. Among the tribute honorees were: Guillermo del Toro’s “Frankenstein,” Scott Cooper’s “Springsteen: Deliver Me From Nowhere”; “Hedda” star Tessa Thompson; “Jay Kelly” director Noah Baumbach; the cast of “Sinners”; Luca Guadagnino and Julia Roberts of “After the Hunt”; and “Song Sung Blue” stars Hugh Jackman and Kate Hudson.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Entertainment/wireStory/movie-review-holiday-movies-moms-deserve-fun-128059044
Article: Fun” is a movie that does very little with its setup and terrific cast (including the likes of Danielle Brooks, Joan Chen, Maude Apatow, Rose Abdoo and Eva Longoria in almost cameo-sized roles) opting instead for the most generic version of itself. The movie, streaming Wednesday on Prime Video, begins with a kind of “low point” (for a beautiful, well-off, stay-at-home Texas mom, that is) in which she tells some children in a neighboring car at a gas station to be nicer to their exhausted mother in the front seat. She wishes the mother a Merry Christmas, gives the kids a piercing look and then we get the dreaded freeze-frame/record scratch and a voiceover about being entitled to a little outburst around the holidays and a half-hearted rant about how many holiday movies are about men. Channing (Jones) is the oldest and is married to Doug (Jason Schwartzman) who really wants her younger sister Taylor (Moretz) to think he’s cool although Taylor, a serial monogamist who always brings a new woman home for the holidays, is just mean to him. Showalter attempts to turn this road trip into a kind of “Planes, Trains and Automobiles” journey, even having her share a dingy motel room with Brooks, playing a suspiciously contented delivery driver (a little on the nose for an Amazon movie). There must be a kind of director’s jail for such restrained use of a performer like Schwartzman (as Claire’s son-in-law), or using Chen as a one-joke “perfect” neighbor with her all-white and silver Christmas decorations. Jennifer Lawrence’s feral barking in “Die My Love,” Rose Byrne’s waking nightmare in “If I Had Legs I’d Kick You,” Jessie Buckley’s primal agony in “Hamnet.” Even Teyana Taylor’s postpartum apathy in “One Battle After Another” could fit.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Entertainment/wireStory/doctor-sentenced-selling-matthew-perry-ketamine-friends-stars-128062986
Article: A doctor who pleaded guilty to selling ketamine to Matthew Perry before the actor's overdose death is set to be sentenced on Wednesday FILE - Actor Matthew Perry participates in the BUILD Speaker Series to discuss the mini-series "The Kennedys After Camelot" in New York, March 30, 2017. (Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP, File) FILE - Actor Matthew Perry participates in the BUILD Speaker Series to discuss the mini-series "The Kennedys After Camelot" in New York, March 30, 2017. (Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP, File) LOS ANGELES -- A doctor who pleaded guilty to selling ketamine to Matthew Perry in the weeks before the “Friends” star's overdose death is set to be the first of five people sentenced in the case on Wednesday. District Judge Sherilyn Peace Garnett to sentence Plasencia, 44, to three years in prison after a plea agreement where the doctor admitted to illegally selling Perry large amounts of ketamine. But when his regular doctor wouldn't provide it in the amounts he wanted, he turned to Plasencia, who admitted to illegally selling to Perry despite knowing he was a struggling addict. He has also been viciously attacked in the media and threatened by strangers to the point where his family has moved out of state for their safety.” Plasencia's lawyers said he has moved to Arizona with his wife and 2-year-old son, for whom he is a loving caretaker. “I made mistakes, but I want him to know that I tried to make better choices after my mistakes.” Plasencia pleaded guilty in July to four counts of distribution of ketamine.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Entertainment/wireStory/apple-replay-1-song-apple-musics-2025-songs-128033410
Article: Rosé and Bruno Mars’ massively popular, Grammy-nominated “APT.” topped Apple Music’s global song chart in 2025 as the giant music streamer released year-end lists Tuesday and provided listeners with data on their own most listened-to tunes. Mars makes another appearance, in third, for his collaboration with Lady Gaga, “Die With a Smile.” Then it's Lamar again in fourth — “Not Like Us” returns to a top spot, after earning the No. 1 position in 2024 — and in fifth, it's Billie Eilish with “Birds of a Feather.” The success of Lamar's “GNX” album kept listeners engaged, and five of his songs made the global chart's Top 25. They claimed the top spot on the streaming platform's Shazam Global Radio Spins chart, the Top 100: Global Radio chart (which tracks the most played songs on radio stations around the world) and Apple’s most-read lyrics charts. “The phenomenal global success of Rosé and Bruno Mars’ ‘APT.’ has been a powerful reminder that great songs will always transcend borders,” Rachel Newman, Apple Music’s co-head, said in a statement. Replay highlights include a Discovery feature (where users can track new artists they discovered this year), Loyalty (the artists they listen to consistently) and Comebacks (the ones who've made a return to their listening rotation). The multi-hyphenate rapper, one year after the release of his critically acclaimed album “Chromakopia,” earned 4.5 billion minutes of listening time between November 2024 and October 2025, Apple Music reported.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Entertainment/wireStory/film-producer-jason-blum-author-bookseller-ann-patchett-128032666
Article: Oscar-nominated producer Jason Blum is set to receive the Business Visionary award from PEN America at its fundraising gala next spring Ann Patchett appears at the 2021 National Humanities Medal ceremony at the White House in Washington on March 21, 2023, left, and film producer Jason Blum appears at the premiere of "M3GAN 2.0" in New York on June 24, 2025. (AP Photo) Ann Patchett appears at the 2021 National Humanities Medal ceremony at the White House in Washington on March 21, 2023, left, and film producer Jason Blum appears at the premiere of "M3GAN 2.0" in New York on June 24, 2025. Blum, the founder and CEO of Blumhouse Productions, has helped oversee films ranging from “BlacKkKlansman” and “Whiplash” to “Get Out” and such horror franchises as “Paranormal Activity” and “Halloween.” In announcing the awards Tuesday, PEN praised the producer for “his daring and diverse films that have transformed horror from a niche genre into a driving force of contemporary culture, often with social issues at the core.” Blum, 56, said in a statement that “Horror is so much bigger and broader than people think” and that he was “very proud to have played a part in bringing it to an even wider audience.” He then cited an issue at the core of PEN's mission, book bans, which he called the only thing “scarier than our movies.” “A PEN America report from earlier this year found that Stephen King is the most banned author in American schools,” he said. “The freedom to tell horror stories is vital to what we do every day at Blumhouse, so I’m grateful to PEN America for recognizing that, and thankful for this honor.” Previous recipients of the visionary award, given for “transformative contributions to the world of literature and storytelling,” include Walt Disney CEO Bob Iger, Dow Jones CEO Almar Latour and Macmillan Publishers CEO Jon Yaged. Patchett, who turned 62 on Tuesday, is known for such acclaimed and popular novels as “Bel Canto,” “Commonwealth” and “The Dutch House.” PEN awards the literary service prize to “a writer or advocate who has served the literary community through their words or work,” and she has a legacy of both. Patchett is a member of the American Academy of Arts and Letters and winner of the PEN/Faulkner award for “Bel Canto.” Besides her own writing, Patchett has been praised for her championing of fellow authors through Parnassus Books, the Nashville-based store she co-founded in 2011 around the same time two local booksellers had closed. “But the bookstore really challenged that and changed me from a person who titled inwards to a person who titled outwards.” Bookselling, she added with a laugh, “just gets me out of the house.” PEN interim Co-CEO Clarisse Rosaz Shariyf said in a statement that Patchett's fiction “distills the essence of the human condition with humor and heart” and that Parnassus “has evolved into a refuge for readers and writers.” Other literary service honorees include Toni Morrison, Lorne Michaels and Bob Woodward.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Entertainment/wireStory/long-lost-rubens-painting-depicting-crucifixion-sells-27m-127981308
Article: A long-lost painting by Baroque master Peter Paul Rubens has sold for $2.7 million at an auction on Sunday Auction officer Jean-Pierre Osenat gestures as the long-lost painting "Crucifixion of Jesus Christ" by Baroque master Peter Paul Rubens was sold at auction for 2,3 million euros or $2.66 million in Versailles, west of Paris, Nov. (AP Photo/Michel Euler) Auction officer Jean-Pierre Osenat gestures as the long-lost painting "Crucifixion of Jesus Christ" by Baroque master Peter Paul Rubens was sold at auction for 2,3 million euros or $2.66 million in Versailles, west of Paris, Nov. (AP Photo/Michel Euler) VERSAILLES, France -- A long-lost painting by Baroque master Peter Paul Rubens, which was hidden for more than four centuries, sold at 2.3 million euros ($2.7 million) at an auction Sunday in Versailles. “And finally, we managed to have it authenticated by the Rubenianum, which is the Rubens committee in Antwerp.” Nils Büttner, an expert known for his research on Rubens, explained before the auction that the master often painted crucifictions but rarely depicted "the crucified Christ as a dead body on the cross." “So this is the one and only painting showing blood and water coming out of the side wound of Christ, and this is something that Rubens only painted once.” The Osenat auction house said the painting’s authenticity and provenance were confirmed after scientific analysis.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Entertainment/wireStory/pop-stars-announce-flurry-donations-support-victims-hong-127946919
Article: K-pop bands including aespa have announced donations to support victims of a deadly apartment fire in Hong Kong K-pop stars announce flurry of donations to support victims of Hong Kong tower fire By The Associated Press SEOUL, South Korea -- K-pop band aespa and other South Korean pop stars have announced a flurry of donations to support victims of an apartment fire in Hong Kong that killed at least 128 people in one of the city’s deadliest blazes. Organizers of the MAMA AWARDS, an annual two-day K-pop awards ceremony scheduled for Friday and Saturday in Hong Kong, faced online criticism in South Korea for not canceling the event in light of the fire tragedy.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Entertainment/wireStory/zootopia-2-roars-record-setting-global-box-office-127984338
Article: This image released by Disney shows Nick Wilde, voiced by Jason Bateman, left, and Judy Hopps, voiced by Ginnifer Goodwin, in a scene from "Zootopia 2." (Disney via AP) This image released by Disney shows Nick Wilde, voiced by Jason Bateman, left, and Judy Hopps, voiced by Ginnifer Goodwin, in a scene from "Zootopia 2." (Disney via AP) This image released by Disney shows Nick Wilde, voiced by Jason Bateman, left, and Judy Hopps, voiced by Ginnifer Goodwin, in a scene from "Zootopia 2." (Disney via AP) This image released by Disney shows Nick Wilde, voiced by Jason Bateman, left, and Judy Hopps, voiced by Ginnifer Goodwin, in a scene from "Zootopia 2." (Disney via AP) “Zootopia 2” had a roaring, record-setting opening at the box office. The animal city sequel from the Walt Disney Company brought in $96 million in North America over the weekend, earned $156 million over the five-day Thanksgiving frame, and scored a staggering $556 million globally since its Wednesday opening, according to studio estimates Sunday.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Entertainment/wireStory/epic-tales-star-power-tollywood-reshaping-indian-cinema-127939986
Article: As Mumbai is to Hindi films — or Bollywood — the southern Indian city of Hyderabad is to movies made in Telugu, one of the country’s most widely spoken languages. The 1,666-acre (674-hectare) facility, recognized by Guinness World Records as the world’s largest film studio complex, houses massive film studio complexes, dozens of production houses, warehouses, movie sets and post-production facilities. “Because they are cinema lovers, be it ‘Baahubali,’ ‘Pushpa’ or ‘RRR,’ be it big budget or small budget, be it realistic or biopics or fantasy movies, the audiences accept it.” Tollywood is known for its high-energy storytelling, big action set pieces and grand spectacle that are heavy on visual effects. Dubbing — where actors record voice-overs in Hindi or a professional voice artist replaces the track — is also a standard and tested practice that has made Tollywood more accessible. His two-part “Baahubali” series, released in 2015 and 2017, broke box-office records in India and a reedited version combining the two parts, “Baahubali: The Epic,” released in cinemas worldwide just last month. Even though the industry is largely controlled by some regionally influential film families and businessmen that have power over movie distribution and screenings, huge marketing campaigns have carried Telugu films across India and beyond. Dubbed releases, remakes in other Indian languages and talent collaborations across other regional industries have further positioned Tollywood releases as national events, with stars often raking money from profit-sharing arrangements and brand endorsements as well. — “Pushpa: The Rise” (2021) and “Pushpa 2: The Rule” (2024): A two-part action flick directed by Bandreddi Sukumar that follows the rise of laborer in a violent red-sandalwood smuggling syndicate.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Entertainment/wireStory/ai-country-hit-walk-walk-built-blanco-browns-127959979
Article: 1 on Billboard's country digital song sales chart this month, it was credited to a fictional artist named Breaking Rust — a white, digitally generated avatar that didn't exist two months ago. But the song's vocal phrasing, melodic shape and stylistic DNA came from someone who does exist: Grammy-nominated country artist Blanco Brown, a Black music artist who has worked with Britney Spears, Childish Gambino and Rihanna. “I didn't even know about the song until people hit me up about it,” said Brown, whose 2019 country rap hit “The Git Up” helped usher in a new, hybrid era of country crossover. They just used the Blanco, not the Brown.” The moment is the latest example of how generative AI is upending the music industry, giving anyone the ability to instantly create seemingly new songs by typing prompts into a chat window, often using models trained on real artists' voices and styles without their knowledge. The credits for the grit-filled, chant-heavy track “Walk My Walk” list Aubierre Rivaldo Taylor as one of the song's creators, with streaming platforms such as Apple Music and Spotify identifying him as both the songwriter and producer. In recent months, Taylor has also been credited on streaming platforms as the songwriter and producer behind Defbeatsai — one of several X-rated, AI-generated country artists that exploded across social media last year. Abushmais co-wrote a couple of songs on Brown's 2019 album “Honeysuckle & Lightning Bugs” and is listed as the developer of Echo, an obscure AI-powered music generator app promoted on one of Defbeats.ai's Instagram pages with a link encouraging users to “make your own hit country song.” Brown said he wasn't notified about their involvement in the AI hit, and the collaborator he once mentored has since become unreachable. The digital avatar fronting “Walk My Walk," a white, AI-generated country singer built with a vocal approach modeled on Brown's sound, is where the moment shifted from eerie to uncomfortable. Warner Music Group followed with its own deal on Tuesday, partnering with Suno in what the companies called a “first-of-its-kind” agreement to develop licensed AI music that both compensates and protects artists. Educators say most chart-ready AI vocals today are generated through systems like Suno and Udio, which let users create full songs by prompting musical genres, vocal styles and lyrical ideas. “There are things a real artist conveys that the digital part never will,” said Shelton “Shelly” Berg, dean of the University of Miami's Frost School of Music and a Grammy-nominated pianist. For him, the arrival of an AI artist built on his tone only underscored something he has learned repeatedly in Nashville: talent is one thing, but how the industry assigns value is often something else.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Entertainment/wireStory/super-bowl-2026-pregame-performers-include-charlie-puth-127991005
Article: (AP Photo/Bruna Prado, File) LOS ANGELES -- The Super Bowl pregame show will open with a trio of standout performers in Northern California: Charlie Puth will hit the stage to sing the national anthem, Brandi Carlile will take on “America the Beautiful” and Coco Jones will sing “Lift Every Voice and Sing.” The performances will take place Feb. “These artists bring a distinct voice to the moment, helping set the tone for a day that will captivate fans around the world,” said Jon Barker, senior vice president of global event production for the NFL. Julian Ortiz will sign “America the Beautiful.” In a historic first, the halftime show will include a multilingual signing program featuring Puerto Rican Sign Language, led by interpreter Celimar Rivera Cosme. Puth is a four-time Grammy-nominated singer known for his songs “Attention,” “We Don’t Talk Anymore” and his 2015 breakout hit “See You Again," with Wiz Khalifa, from the “Furious 7” movie soundtrack. She's nominated for two Grammys with Elton John for their album “Who Believes in Angels?” released in April and their song “Never Too Late” from his documentary film “Elton John: Never Too Late.” Jones is an R & B star who won a Grammy in the best R & B performance category for her song “ICU” in 2024 and released her debut album “Why Not More?" which is nominated for best R & B album at next year's ceremony. “Charlie, Brandi, and Coco are generational talents, and we are honored to have them — alongside our extraordinary deaf performers — on Super Bowl LX’s world stage,” said Desiree Perez, CEO of Roc Nation, which is producing the show with DPS and Jesse Collins.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Entertainment/wireStory/donald-glover-stroke-127803645
Article: Donald Glover has revealed he suffered a stroke last year, which forced him to cancel his tour FILE - Donald Glover performs during the BET Awards on Sunday, June 30, 2024, at the Peacock Theater, in Los Angeles. I couldn’t really see well, so when we went to Houston, I went to the hospital and the doctor was like, ‘You had a stroke.’” Glover said he felt like he was letting everyone down, lamenting that he still hasn’t been to Ireland. “You got one life, guys, and I gotta be honest, the life I’ve lived with you guys has been such a blessing.” His representatives did not immediately respond to request for comment.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Entertainment/wireStory/rick-atkinsons-revolutionary-war-trilogy-adapted-graphic-editions-127860157
Article: Ten Speed Graphic announced Tuesday that a graphic edition of “The British Are Coming,” the first volume of Atkinson's acclaimed Revolutionary War trilogy, will be out next June, shortly before the country's 250th anniversary. And they fixed it.” Atkinson, a Pulitzer Prize winner for his World War II book “An Army at Dawn,” has been working on his revolutionary trilogy for a decade and published the second volume, “The Fate of the Day,” this spring. Widely regarded as among the best living military historians, he was a featured commentator in Ken Burns' “The American Revolution” documentary and has made numerous joint appearances with the filmmaker. Atkinson changed his mind after Ten Speed Graphic, a Penguin Random House imprint, sent him several adaptations, including of the life of Frederick Douglass and Timothy Snyder's “On Tyranny.” “I saw that the comic books of my youth have evolved considerably and I was enthused about it,” Atkinson said.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Entertainment/wireStory/macys-thanksgiving-day-parade-set-kick-off-manhattan-127920524
Article: The Macy’s Thanksgiving Day Parade has brought balloons depicting Buzz Lightyear and Pac-Man to the New York City skies and floats featuring Labubu and Lego to the streets Balloon handlers guide the Spider Man balloon past Radio City Music Hall during the Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade, Thursday, Nov. (AP Photo/Eduardo Munoz Alvarez) NEW YORK -- The Macy’s Thanksgiving Day Parade brought balloons depicting Buzz Lightyear and Pac-Man to the New York City skies on Thursday, as floats featuring Labubu and Lego graced the streets. The parade, which started on Manhattan’s Upper West Side and closed at the iconic Macy’s Herald Square flagship store on 34th Street, included dozens of balloons, floats, clown groups and marching bands. It was a chilly day in the city, with temperatures in the 40s, but wind gusts between 25 mph (40 kph) and 30 mph (48 kph), making it feel colder, according to David Stark, a meteorologist with the National Weather Service in New York. Officials watched the forecast closely, since city law prohibits Macy’s from flying full-size balloons if sustained winds exceed 23 mph (37 kph) or wind gusts are over 35 mph (56 kph). But a little cold wasn't a big deal for Megan Christy, who traveled to the city from Greensboro, North Carolina, for the parade, donning a warm onesie as she staked out a spot along the route. Performers included “Wicked” star Cynthia Erivo, Conan Gray, Lainey Wilson, Foreigner, Lil Jon, and Audrey Nuna, EJAE and Rei Ami of HUNTR/X, the fictional girl group at the heart of this year's Netflix hit “KPop Demon Hunters.” The Radio City Rockettes were also there, as were cast members from Broadway's “Buena Vista Social Club,” “Just in Time” and “Ragtime.” The parade featured a few new balloons, including a large onion carriage featuring eight characters from the world of “ Shrek.” “KPop Demon Hunters” was also represented in the sky with the characters Derpy Tiger and Sussie.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/04/nvidia-has-a-cash-problem-too-much-of-it.html
Article: When Nvidia this week said it would take a $2 billion stake in chip design company Synopsys, it was just the latest in a string of massive investments announced by the chipmaker this year. Nvidia has also said it would take a $1 billion stake in Nokia, invest $5 billion in Intel and $10 billion in Anthropic — $18 billion in investment commitments from those four deals, not counting smaller venture capital investments. That doesn't even include the biggest commitment of all: $100 billion to buy OpenAI shares over a number of years, although there is still no definitive agreement, Nvidia finance chief Colette Kress said Tuesday at the UBS Global Technology and AI conference. "No company has grown at the scale that we're talking about," said CEO Jensen Huang, when asked what the chipmaker plans to do with all its cash, on Nvidia's earnings call last month. Analysts polled by FactSet expect the company to generate $96.85 billion in free cash flow this year alone and $576 billion in free cash flow over the next three years. "Nvidia is set to generate over $600B in free cash flow over the next few years and it should have a lot left over for opportunistic buybacks," wrote Melius Research analyst Ben Reitzes in a note on Monday. "It takes a really strong balance sheet to do that, to support the level of growth and the rate of growth and the magnitude associated with that." Kress, Nvidia's CFO, on Tuesday said the company's "largest focus" is making sure it has enough cash to deliver its next-generation products on time. "All of the investments that we've done so far — all of it, period — is associated with expanding the reach of Cuda, expanding the ecosystem," Huang said, referring to the company's artificial intelligence software.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/04/apple-announces-departure-lisa-jackson-kate-adams.html
Article: With her emphasis in areas like social justice and renewable energies, Jackson's job lost relevance during the second Trump administration, which has publicly denounced diversity, equity and inclusion programs and slammed efforts to combat climate change. Apple has faced increased tariffs from the Trump administration, and Cook has met with President Donald Trump several times to tout the company's American manufacturing plans as part of an effort to influence policy.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/05/china-nvidia-moore-threads-trading-debut-1-billion-listing-ipo-shanghai-gpu-enflame-biren.html
Article: Shares of Moore Threads, a Beijing-based graphics processing unit (GPU) manufacturer often referred to as "China's Nvidia," soared by more than 400% on its debut in Shanghai following its $1.1 billion listing. The company, which is not yet profitable, said in its listing that the IPO proceeds are needed to accelerate several core research and development initiatives, including new-generation self-developed AI training and inference GPU chips.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/04/salesforce-ai-commodity-enterprise-software-technology.html
Article: As Wall Street worries that advancements in artificial intelligence will hurt enterprise software companies, Salesforce CEO Marc Benioff told CNBC's Jim Cramer a large language model is "just a commodity feature" that strengthens his company's products. Those are not commodities." Large language models, or LLMs, are AI models trained on data that can have a variety of functions, including data analysis, summarization and chat bot services. But he suggested investors who "moved away" from the company over the past year "somehow think software companies are under duress from AI when the opposite is true." "Software companies are being bolstered by AI, powered by it," Benioff continued.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/04/some-ai-stocks-that-trade-at-a-reasonable-price-according-to-citigroup.html
Article: Investors should turn to less explored pockets of the market to find stocks that are a play on the artificial intelligence boom but also offer growth at a reasonable price (GARP), Citigroup analysts say. So, for us, focus on the companies that are getting the best cash returns for the growth capex they're spending, and you want to be underweight the names that might not be able to self-fund." Citi believes that although current valuations do not yet reflect an AI bubble, rapid stock price appreciation and soaring valuations are putting more pressure on companies. To better manage the risk of something going wrong, Citigroup earlier this fall published a basket of stocks for clients that includes companies across an array of industries that still presents a path into AI. "There are some red flags emerging around the degree to which future growth is being pulled forward into today's prices, but markets are still doing a reasonable job reflecting premium growth expectations in valuations," Pettit wrote in that recent 21-page report to clients. If that is the case, as prices and valuations rise, we want to focus more on GARP within AI for building core thematic positioning." Design software maker Adobe is a standout earnings play from Citigroup's list, with consensus earnings per share estimates exceeding the market-implied growth estimate. Pettit's list also includes several of the largest semiconductor makers, such as Nvidia , Advanced Micro Devices and Micron Technology , with Citigroup saying they also still trade at reasonable valuations.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/04/cnbc-inside-india-newsletter-how-a-state-run-app-sparked-a-fresh-fight-over-digital-overreach.html
Article: MUMBAI, INDIA - SEPTEMBER 20: People take the selfie with the new IPhone 16 at the Apple store in Bandra-Kurla Complex during the first day of sale of the iPhone 16 smartphone on September 20, 2024 in Mumbai, India. Hindustan Times | Hindustan Times | Getty Images The report is from this week's edition of CNBC's "Inside India" newsletter which brings you timely, insightful news and market commentary on the emerging economic powerhouse. On Tuesday, there was backlash on social media and pressure from internet freedom activists, with the country's chief opposition political party labelling the application a "snooping app." On Wednesday, the government rolled back the mandate for the Sanchar Saathi app, while defending it as a "citizen-centric tool that brings robust security features and fraud-reporting capabilities directly to users' smartphones." While the state buckled under public pressure, it is not the not the first time the government has found itself in hot waters over charges of digital overreach, including compromising people's privacy. Nikhil Pahwa, a digital rights activist, told CNBC that due to the amount of data leaked by the government and the numerous previous data linkage mandates, "they are unable to now contain the fraud." Experts say that government policies are often misdirected. If the government is serious about solving the issue of online fraud, "they need financial network controls and not a phone side app," said Mishi Choudhary, a lawyer focused on internet advocacy issues, referring to Sanchar Saathi. While the efforts to restrain certain accounts from operating in the country have been criticized by civil society and digital rights activists, an Indian court ruling rejecting X's legal challenge against the government appears to have watered down the free-speech case. Governments worldwide are wrestling with "how to assert control over vast and consequential datasets that private actors hold," said Joe Jones, research and insight director at International Association of Privacy Professionals. Under the SIM-binding regulations, introduced last week, messaging services will need to be continuously linked to a SIM card associated with a device, making it impossible to use the app without that specific, active SIM. "Accounts on instant messaging and calling apps continue to work even after the associated SIM is removed, deactivated or moved abroad, enabling anonymous scams, remote "digital arrest" frauds and government‑impersonation calls using Indian numbers," the government said on Monday. SIM-binding and forced periodic logouts could "impose material inconvenience and service disruption on ordinary users," while offering "limited incremental benefit against sophisticated fraud networks," Industry body Broadband India Forum said in a statement. Top TV picks on CNBC watch now Sanjay Mathur, ANZ's chief economist for India and Southeast Asia, said he expects the Reserve Bank of India to cut rates by 25 basis points in December despite the stronger Q2 GDP data. watch now Gautam Shahi of Dua Associate said that based on how penalties are calculated, Apple, which is potentially staring at fines of up to $38 billion in an anti-trust case in India, may end up paying much less than feared. Russian President Vladimir Putin in India: During the two-day visit, the two countries are set to extend their strategic and trade ties, likely deepening cooperation in defense and civil nuclear energy sector. It has been a flatter world, which means that on the applications side you will see lots of Indian companies lead with AI applications in their verticals and specific use cases.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/04/sofi-stock-drops-on-1point5-billion-stock-offering.html
Article: The company, which provides online loans and other banking services, said in a press release that it will use the proceeds for "general corporate purposes, including but not limited to enhancing capital position, increasing optionality and enabling further efficiency of capital management, and funding incremental growth and business opportunities." The announced offering comes after SoFi's market cap almost doubled so far in 2025. In its third-quarter earnings release in late October, SoFi reported revenue growth of 38% from a year earlier to $961.6 million, while net income more than doubled to $139.4 million.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/04/wbd-bids-paramount-comcast-netflix-assets.html
Article: In this article WBD NFLX CMCSA PSKY Follow your favorite stocks CREATE FREE ACCOUNT General views of the Warner Bros water tower on the Warner Brothers studio lot on June 24, 2022 in Burbank, California. Aaronp/bauer-griffin | Gc Images | Getty Images With more than a century of some of the most popular film and television content, it's no wonder why Paramount Skydance , Comcast and Netflix are bidding for Warner Bros. Preening Peacock Comcast is in the process of spinning out its portfolio of cable networks, which includes CNBC, but will retain broadcast network NBC, streaming service Peacock, the Universal film studio and theme parks. Outside of the superhero fare, WBD's television content could strengthen NBCUniversal's streaming service Peacock with programming like "IT: Welcome to Derry," "The Pitt," "The Last of Us" and a pair of shows from the Game of Thrones universe. "They check a lot of necessary boxes, without question." Universal already has a vast collection of franchise IP including Jurassic Park, Fast & Furious and Despicable Me as well as a suite of popular horror films. On the television front, DC has plans for shows centered on the Green Lantern Corps; the origins of Wonder Woman's island of Amazons; and some lesser known, but fan favorite comic book characters like Booster Gold. After all, Netflix co-CEO Ted Sarandos reiterated during the company's third-quarter earnings in October that the company has "no interest in owning legacy media networks." Initially, analysts and industry insiders speculated that Netflix's interest in Warner Bros. Now, it has a handful of strong intellectual properties like "Stranger Things," "KPop Demon Hunters," "Bridgerton," "Wednesday" and "Squid Games." Like Comcast, having access to beloved franchises that have built-in audiences would be a big boon for Netflix. But would their willingness be to behave more like a traditional movie studio than they have shown so far?" Netflix has long opposed releasing films in theaters and only does so to stay in awards contention, to appease high-profile directors or to capitalize on buzzy titles. The streamer has always argued that its content is meant to be delivered to its subscribers through the Netflix platform and has limited how long its theatrical releases run in cinemas. "Many in the industry feel a Netflix purchase of Warner would be a death knell for some of the movie business's most important aspects, properties, and long-held traditions," Robbins said.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/04/congressional-watchdog-probes-trump-fhfa-chief-bill-pulte.html
Article: The Government Accountability Office said Thursday that it has opened an investigation into Federal Housing Finance Authority Director Bill Pulte, who has served as an attack dog against President Donald Trump's enemies. The congressional watchdog's probe was requested by a group of Senate Democrats, who had asked the GAO to determine whether Pulte and other FHFA employees "misused federal authority and resources" in pursuing information about targets of Trump. The letter asked GAO for "an overview" on how FHFA conducts mortgage fraud investigations, of the existing rules governing disclosure of personal financial records and information by the agency, and a review of what changes, "if any," that Pulte has made to the process for investigating mortgage fraud. A GAO spokesman told CNBC on Thursday, "I can confirm that GAO has accepted this request following our standard process." "The first thing GAO does as any work begins is to determine the full scope of what we will cover and the methodology to be used," the spokesperson said.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/04/fbi-arrests-suspect-in-jan-6-pipe-bomb-case-ms-now.html
Article: A criminal complaint unsealed after the briefing shows Cole facing a charge of transporting an explosive device in interstate commerce with intent to kill, injure or intimidate or unlawfully destroy property. Cole is also charged with "malicious destruction or attempted malicious destruction by means of fire and explosive materials." A surveillance photo released by the FBI shows a person in Washington, U.S., January 6, 2021. The FBI issued a notice, which features this surveillance photo, requesting information on person(s) responsible for pipe bombs left at the Republican National Committee (RNC) and Democratic National Committee (DNC) headquarters. "An individual who is now alleged to have placed multiple explosive devices to blow up multiple people and multiple officials [and] innocent civilians is now arrested," FBI Director Kash Patel said at the press briefing. Steve Helber | AP Cole is described as a five-foot-six-inch-tall man who "wears corrective eyeglasses," an unnamed FBI special agent wrote in an affidavit in support of the criminal complaint. In 2019 and 2020, Cole allegedly bought items that matched the components used to manufacture the pipe bombs, the FBI discovered after obtaining records for his checking account and three of his six credit cards. The agent said those items included: one-inch-by-eight-inch galvanized pipes; black and galvanized "end caps," which were used to seal the pipes; nine-volt battery connectors; white kitchen timers; and 14-gauge red and black electrical wire. Andrew Harnik | Getty Images The discoveries that led to the arrest did not come from new evidence, but rather from the same trove of material that had mostly been gathered in 2021 and 2022, two sources told MS NOW. Patel, at Thursday's presser, touted that the FBI under his leadership "did not discover any new information." The agency instead "reexamined every piece of evidence, sifted through all the data," Patel said, claiming that was "something that the prior administration refused and failed to do." As recently as late October, the bureau was offering a $500,000 reward for information that would help authorities identify the Capitol Hill bombing suspect. A suspect in the planting of explosive devices near the Democratic and Republican committee headquarters in Washington is seen walking past the Capitol Hill Club, also known as the National Republican Club of Capitol Hill, in Washington in this still frame taken from video released on March 9, 2021. When NBC News asked the White House how the administration reconciles its efforts to arrest Cole with Trump's mass pardons for others who committed crimes — some violent in nature — on Jan. 6, a spokesperson called the comparison "alarming and insulting." A poster is displayed during a press conference with Attorney General Pam Bondi and FBI Director Kash Patel about the January 6th pipe bomber at the Department of Justice on December 4, 2025 in Washington, DC. Capitol Police officer as a possible match for the pipe bomber, based largely on a "gait analysis." The FBI poured cold water on the story, and the accused officer cleared her name by providing a video of her playing with her puppies at the time the bombs were placed, CBS News reported. Kevin Dietsch | Getty Images By January, the FBI said investigators and related partners had visited more than 1,200 residences and businesses, interviewed over 1,000 people, reviewed nearly 40,000 video files and assessed more than 600 tips. As part of their search for the bomber, the FBI subpoenaed credit card data from box-store retailers to identify people who bought the same type of battery components believed to be used in the devices, MS NOW reported.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/04/unemployment-claims-after-a-layoff.html
Article: Documents you'll need to file for unemployment Before filing for unemployment benefits, you'll want to gather the following information, said Michele Evermore, senior fellow at the National Academy of Social Insurance: Details of your pay over the last 18 months. Apply in the state where you worked If you live in one state and work in another, you'll want to apply for the aid in the state where you worked, experts say.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/04/chart-how-trump-accounts-compare-to-529-college-savings-plans.html
Article: President Donald Trump announced the creation of government-sponsored investment accounts for children under age 18 as part of the sweeping budget bill he signed into law on July 4, 2025. 2 pledged a donation of $6.25 billion to provide an initial deposit of $250 to children ages 10 and under in certain ZIP codes when their families open an account on their behalf. "Fundamentally, any way that people can save money is good, whether it's the 529 accounts or the Trump accounts or Roth IRAs or [Health Savings Accounts]," Michael Green, a certified financial planner with Apollon Wealth, tells CNBC Make It. It really comes down to what people are trying to accomplish and what their goal is, what their capacity to save is." While several details about Trump accounts are not yet available, the Internal Revenue Service has issued some guidance on how the accounts will function.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/04/ulta-ulta-earnings-q3-2025.html
Article: It anticipates comparable sales, a metric that includes sales at stores open at least 14 months and e-commerce sales, to rise by 4.4% to 4.7%, up from its prior outlook of 2.5% to 3.5%. In a news release, CEO Kecia Steelman said "exciting assortment newness, improved in-store and digital experiences, and bold marketing efforts are resonating with our guests and drove strong sales results." On the company's earnings call, she said that Ulta is "pleased with our Black Friday and Cyber Monday performance" and ready for the shopping season — even one when consumers may be more selective about spending. They are focused on replenishing their essentials and strategically making smart purchases around strong value." Here's what the retailer reported for the fiscal third quarter compared with what Wall Street expected, according to LSEG: Earnings per share : $5.14 vs. Though consumer confidence is weak, Steelman said on Ulta's earnings call that "beauty engagement remained healthy." She said sales of both mass and prestige beauty items grew by mid single-digits year over year. Fragrance was its strongest category in the quarter, with double-digit sales growth year over year, as shoppers bought luxury scents from Valentino and Dolce & Gabbana and also lower-priced scents like Squishmallows perfumes.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/04/santolis-thursday-market-wrap-up-speculative-juices-start-to-flow-back.html
Article: (These are the market notes on today's action by Mike Santoli, CNBC's Senior Markets Commentator.) Nearly two weeks after the market's 5% pullback bottomed, with the S & P 500 hovering calmly half a percent from its former peak, the speculative juices are starting to flow back into the spicier corners of the market. After a 5% rebound rally, the benchmark is hesitating a bit around 6850, comfortably near the upper end of a two-month range but perhaps marking some time to gather itself ahead of next week's Fed meeting. Benign jobless-claims data Thursday morning slightly mitigated the poor ADP employment report Wednesday , though it keeps in place a picture of a stalled/low-metabolism labor market that bolsters the doves' case in next week's Fed meeting. The consensus is pretty comfortable with the S & P 500 mostly holding its elevated P/E, with 13%-14% earnings growth, fat profit margins and a boost to the underlying economy allowing cyclical stocks to play more catch up.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/05/asia-pacific-markets-live-today-friday-kospi-nikkei-225-nifty-50-hang-seng-index-hsi.html
Article: Shares of Moore Threads, a Beijing-based graphics processing unit (GPU) manufacturer often referred to as "China's Nvidia," soared by more than 400% on its debut in Shanghai following its $1.1 billion listing.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/04/meta-stock-metaverse.html
Article: Zuckerberg said at the time that "the metaverse is the next frontier just like social networking was when we got started." The proposed cuts would likely include layoffs, according to Bloomberg, which said the cuts were part of budget planning for 2026.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/04/supreme-court-revives-pro-republican-texas-voting-map.html
Article: State Representative Matt Morgan (R-TX) holds a map of the new proposed congressional districts in Texas, during a legislative session as Democratic lawmakers, who left the state to deny Republicans the opportunity to redraw the state's 38 congressional districts, begin returning to the Texas State Capitol in Austin, Texas, U.S. The justices granted a request by Texas officials to lift a lower court's ruling that had blocked the state from using the Trump-backed map, which could flip as many as five currently Democratic-held U.S. Ceding control of either the House or Senate to the Democrats in the November 2026 elections would endanger Trump's legislative agenda and open the door to Democratic-led congressional investigations targeting the president. The Supreme Court's ruling comes amid a nationwide battle unfolding in Republican-governed and Democratic-led states involving the redrawing of electoral maps to change the population composition of congressional districts for partisan advantage. There have been legal fights at the Supreme Court for decades over a practice called gerrymandering - the redrawing of district boundaries in order to marginalize a certain set of voters and increase the influence of others. The Supreme Court in a 2019 ruling declared that gerrymandering for partisan reasons - to boost the electoral chances of one's own party and weaken one's political opponent - cannot be challenged in federal courts. But the El Paso-based court ruled 2-1 on November 18 that the map likely amounted to an unlawful racial gerrymander, siding with civil rights groups that sued to block it. 'Racial consierations' The Texas electoral map at the center of the dispute was passed by the Republican-led Texas legislature and signed into law by Republican Governor Greg Abbott in August. Justice Department urging state officials to "inject racial considerations into what Texas insists was a race-blind process." Brown, a Trump judicial appointee, wrote that the Justice Department's analysis was based on the "legally incorrect assertion" that the racial composition of four Texas congressional districts in the state's previous electoral map was unconstitutional and that they must be redrawn. "Had the Trump administration sent Texas a letter urging the state to redraw its congressional map to improve the performance of Republican candidates, the plaintiff groups would then face a much greater burden to show that race - rather than partisanship - was the driving force behind the 2025 map," Brown wrote. "The letter instead commands Texas to change four districts for one reason and one reason alone: the racial demographics of the voters who live there." The NAACP civil rights group noted in a statement after the ruling that "the state of Texas is only 40% white, but white voters control over 73% of the state's congressional seats." The court directed that the state's previous electoral map, approved by the Republican-led legislature in 2021, be used in the 2026 elections. "The obvious losers are the People of Texas and the Rule of Law." Soros, a billionaire financier and major Democratic donor, has long been considered a villain by Trump and his political base. House districts in Louisiana signaled their willingness to undercut another key section of the Voting Rights Act, the landmark 1965 federal law enacted by Congress to prevent racial discrimination in voting.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/04/new-york-times-pentagon-pete-hegseth-lawsuit-media.html
Article: The suit against the Defense Department and Secretary Pete Hegseth comes nearly two months after reporters from The Times and other mainstream news outlets, including CBS, CNN, Fox News, and NBC staged a dramatic walkout of the Pentagon and surrendered their credentials after refusing to comply with the rules. The Pentagon in October presented reporters who had desks there a 21-page rulebook that bars journalists from seeking or publishing information that has not been explicitly authorized by the Defense Department, even if the material is unclassified or obtained off Pentagon grounds. "The policy, in violation of the First Amendment, seeks to restrict journalists' ability to do what journalists have always done — ask questions of government employees and gather information to report stories that take the public beyond official pronouncements," the suit says. Chief Pentagon Spokesman Sean Parnell, who is named as a defendant in the suit, told CNBC that the Defense Department "is aware of the New York Times lawsuit and [looks] forward to addressing these arguments in court." The Times did immediately return a request for comment. Since arriving at the department in January after a contentious confirmation fight, Hegseth has stripped several national outlets of in-house workspaces, tightened rules on where reporters can move inside the building, and reassigned offices to conservative outlets and pro-Trump media figures willing to sign the agreement. Rather than targeting one reporter at a time, they argue, the rules bind the entire press corps — giving the Pentagon broad authority to revoke access based on the stories they pursue. "The Pentagon's press access policy is unlawful because it gives government officials unchecked power over who gets a credential and who doesn't, something the First Amendment prohibits," Reporters Committee for Freedom of the Press Vice President of Policy Gabe Rottman said in a statement Thursday, after the Times filed its suit.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/04/the-markets-swing-from-oversold-to-overbought-plus-the-ge-vernova-bull-case.html
Article: The rebound has been so sharp that the S & P Short Range Oscillator , our trusted technical momentum gauge, has swung from flirting with oversold territory at minus 3.73% on Nov. The market's current overbought status is still mild enough that it can work itself off through rotation, but we could lighten up on one or two more of our positions if the Oscillator becomes more egregiously overbought. Every time we mention the Oscillator, we're flooded with requests from Club members: "How can we access?" Well, we went directly to the source, our partners at MarketEdge, the data provider that publishes the Oscillator. At the company's investor update last December, management guided to $45 billion of revenue by 2028 with 14% adjusted EBITDA margins, and $14 billion of cumulative free cash flow from 2025 through 2028. Analysts at Deutsche Bank wrote Monday that they anticipate the 2028 revenue guide will increase $3 billion to $48 billion, with adjusted EBITDA margins rising to 16% and cumulative free cash flow up to $18 billion. Thanks to Thursday's roughly 5% rally, the stock has gained about 13% over the past two weeks and is getting closer to its record close of $664.55 set in early August. (See here for a full list of the stocks in Jim Cramer's Charitable Trust.) As a subscriber to the CNBC Investing Club with Jim Cramer, you will receive a trade alert before Jim makes a trade.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/04/costco-board-gina-raimondo-biden-commerce-trump-tariffs.html
Article: The announcement came nearly a week after Costco filed a federal lawsuit seeking to recoup money that the retail warehouse club giant has paid so far this year to satisfy the legally disputed tariffs summarily imposed by President Donald Trump . The Supreme Court last month heard arguments by the Trump administration, which is seeking to reverse lower court rulings that the wide-ranging tariffs imposed by the president this year under the International Emergency Economic Powers Act are illegal. Court of International Trade to order that the money it has paid for those tariffs to date should be returned now, without waiting for the Supreme Court to rule on their ultimate legality. The retailer said that without such an order, there is a risk it will not be able to get back that money even if the Supreme Court agrees that Trump did not have the authority to implement the tariffs without congressional authorization.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/select/trademarks-copyrights-patents-heres-what-they-protect/
Article: LegalZoom (Small Business Services) Learn More Cost $0 + state filing fees for Basic plan; $249 + state filing fees for Pro plan; $299 + state filing fees for Premium plan App available? Yes Standout features LegalZoom offers all sorts of services to help you register your business, fulfill annual reporting and licensing requirements and protect your business with trademarking, copyrighting and assistance from attorneys. Pros For the Basic plan you'll just pay the state filing fee Well-known brand in the industry Cons LegalZoom charges additional fees for some services even with the Pro and Premium plans. For instance, LZ Books is free for one year then $9.99/month after; the Business Attorney plan for Premium is free for 30 days then $49/month after Registered agent service is quite pricey at $249/year Learn More View More Provisional patents are just a temporary filing for an invention to buy you some time to go through the full process. Its package includes legal guidance on trademarking, a search to make sure the trademark isn't already taken, registration with the USPTO and communication management with the USPTO until your trademark registration has been approved. Bizee Learn More Cost $0 + state filing fee for Basic plan; $199 + state filing fee for Standard plan; $299 + state filing fee for Premium plan App available? Pros Offers one free year of Registered Agent service Offers lifetime compliance alerts included in all packages Premium package includes expedited filing Cons Doesn't offer an app Learn More View More Everything that these forms of IP protect Now that you have a general gist of what trademarks, copyrights and patents are and how to register for one, here's a deeper dive into what aspects of the business they protect. What a patent protects Patents allow the inventor to exclude other individuals from making, selling and even using their invention — and if they do infringe on one's patent, they can pursue legal action against them. Patents can be expensive and the total cost for filing a patent and maintaining it over its 20-year term depends on the type of patent you're filing, with biotechnology patents being some of the most expensive patents. According to the USPTO, the base cost for a trademark filing is $350 for just one class of trademark (good or service), plus $350 for each additional class you need a trademark for. While CNBC Select earns a commission from affiliate partners on many offers and links, we create all our content without input from our commercial team or any outside third parties, and we pride ourselves on our journalistic standards and ethics. Editorial Note: Opinions, analyses, reviews or recommendations expressed in this article are those of the Select editorial staff’s alone, and have not been reviewed, approved or otherwise endorsed by any third party.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/04/starbucks-workers-united-union-strike-nyc-rally.html
Article: NEW YORK — Starbucks Workers United held a rally outside the Empire State Building on Thursday as its open-ended strike entered its third week and no signs of an impending resolution. Adding to the crunch of holiday shoppers and tourists, several hundred picketers gathered outside of the famous landmark, which is also the site of a swanky three-floor Starbucks Reserve location and the company's regional headquarters. "Their fight is a fight really for all of us, to workers across the country, to corporations like Starbucks, across the country that workers are fed up with the status quo, and they're not going to take it anymore," SEIU President April Verrett told CNBC. The Fair Workweek law requires regular scheduling week to week, mandates schedules be provided 14 days in advance and says hours cannot be reduced by more than 15% without legitimate business reasons. "While the NYC laws remain unchanged and complex, our focus hasn't shifted – we're committed to creating the best job in retail and to ensuring our practices follow all laws," Starbucks said in a statement.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/04/google-replit-ai-vibe-coding-anthropic-cursor.html
Article: Instead of people working in silos, designers only doing design, product managers only write … now anyone in the company can be entrepreneurial." Replit, founded nearly a decade ago, is a leader in the fast-growing AI vibe-coding space. In September, the startup closed a $250 million funding round that almost tripled its valuation to $3 billion, and said it grew annualized revenue from $2.8 million to $150 million in less than a year.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/video/2025/12/04/cftc-announces-listed-spot-crypto-trading-on-us-regulated-exchanges-cnbc-crypto-world.html
Article: And, JP Richardson, CEO at Exodus, discusses crypto prices, regulatory advancements for digital assets and the company's acquisition of W3C, the parent of card and payments infrastructure providers Baanx and Monavate.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/04/layoff-announcements-this-year-top-1point1-million-the-most-since-2020-when-pandemic-hit-challenger-says.html
Article: employers moved further ahead of 1 million for the year in November as corporate restructuring, artificial intelligence and tariffs have helped pare job rolls, consulting firm Challenger, Gray & Christmas reported Thursday. The firm said layoff plans totaled 71,321 in November, a step down from the massive cuts announced in October but still enough to bring the 2025 total up to 1.17 million. That said, job cuts in November have risen above 70,000 only twice since 2008: in 2022 and in 2008," said Andy Challenger, workplace expert and chief revenue officer at Challenger, Gray & Christmas. Official data showed the decline of some 27,000 from the prior week was driven by unusually large drops in California and Texas and likely was influenced by the Thanksgiving holiday.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/04/consumer-reports-auto-brand-rankings-tesla.html
Article: "They definitely have their struggles, but by continuing to refine and not make huge changes in their models, they're able to make more reliable vehicles, and they've moved up our rankings," Jake Fisher, senior director of auto testing for Consumer Reports, told CNBC. Tesla has faced a consumer backlash against CEO Elon Musk in response to his work with the Trump administration and endorsements of far-right politicians and personalities around the world, including Germany's extreme anti-immigrant party AfD. The only Tesla model to have a below-average score is the Cybertruck, its newest model that features a host of new technologies such as a 48-volt architecture system and "steer by wire."

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/04/cnbc-sport-us-mens-soccer-is-sick-of-losing-the-world-cup-and-now-it-has-a-plan.html
Article: A version of this article first appeared in the CNBC Sport newsletter with Alex Sherman, which brings you the biggest news and exclusive interviews from the worlds of sports business and media. soccer and is responsible for both promoting the sport and supporting all levels of play, has developed a "Pathway Strategy" to compete – and actually win – World Cups to come. The strategy has three prongs: reduce the financial barriers that limit youth participation in the sport, establish soccer as the most-played sport in the U.S., and then, finally, develop men's and women's national teams capable of winning World Cups every four years. "On the men's side … the opportunity is to really focus on those top players at the ages 13 to 17 and 18 to 23 and to put them in the right environments, whether it's the right professional clubs, whether it's the right academy programs, or whether the right youth national team program to make sure that best against best happens more often, and that we're putting those players in a position to to be world class." Title IX, passed in 1972, gave college-aged women a leg up over many other countries in terms of opportunities to play high level soccer, explained Cindy Parlow Cone , the president of the U.S. benefits from having a population of nearly 350 million people, it is cursed with a lot of land, making it more difficult for the country's best players to play against each other and train together. George's Park, which is their national training center, or a bus, which massively lowers the cost and lowers the friction for the best players to play against the best players," Batson said. "One of the challenges we have in our sort of physical scale is, how do you bring people together on a frequent enough basis to where the best can play against the best?" Of course, countries like Argentina and Brazil have a lot of land, too, and those nations win World Cups. has a unique window to capitalize on developing household-name stars with the 2026 World Cup, followed by the 2028 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles and the 2031 Women's World Cup, which is also set to take place in the U.S. There are tens of millions of American soccer fans, though attention is fragmented between international leagues, and fans of women's soccer don't always bleed into the men's game, Batson noted. Kang is the owner of the NWSL's Washington Spirit, which has reached the league championship game four times in the past 10 years, winning in 2021 and losing in the finals last season and this year. "Not much research money is going into women's athletics." Kang hopes the institute acts like a "small match" that "lights a fire" for others to invest in training research for women. So we're trying to convince her that this is her home, and we're doing everything we can to keep her in Washington, D.C." Still, Kang also admitted going abroad has its perks. "This is really the top of the first inning on some market that's going to grow exponentially over the next five to ten years," Matt King , the CEO of Fanatics Betting and Gaming, told us on "Squawk on the Street." The first phase of Fanatics Markets will offer those prediction trades on sports, finance, economics and politics in partnership with Crypto.com . One thing to remember as the sportsbooks jump into the prediction fray: They have experience spotting "insider trading" — the kind of game-rigging that leads to scandals that dominate headlines and produce federal criminal charges against well known athletes. On Tuesday I moderated a panel at the Hope Global Forum in Atlanta with three team owners: San Francisco 49ers' Jed York , Kansas City Royals' John Sherman and Atlanta Hawks' Tony Ressler . But what's sticking with me is what York said at the end of the conversation: "I just hope that we don't forget what makes sports special, and that's the fans that come into the game," he said, arguing arenas and stadiums are the last good semblance of a public square. You have a shared experience, I think that's something that makes our country and our world special." CNBC Sport highlight reel The best of CNBC Sport from the past week: Millennials are combining their love of sport with vacation to create a sports-driven tourism boom, reports Kaela Ling . Local broadcast stations own a variety of national sports rights, including WNBA, NWSL, women's volleyball and track-and-field, and some local rights for NBA and NHL that used to be owned by regional sports networks. The March of Dimes honored former NFL star and current podcast host Jason Kelce , seven-time Olympic champion swimmer Katie Ledecky , and NASCAR Commissioner Steve Phelps at a New York City luncheon this week. The award winners are chosen by an executive committee that looks like a "Who's Who" of sports media executives, chaired by CBS Sports' David Berson and including NBC's Rick Cordella , ESPN's Jimmy Pitaro , Fox's Eric Shanks , WBD's Luis Silberwasser , CAA Sports' Michael Levine and IMG Media's Hillary Mandel .

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/04/2026-fifa-world-cup-fanatics-merchandising-deal.html
Article: "There is no larger sporting event in the entire world than the World Cup … we've been doing a lot of events; this is the biggest one we'll have done yet," said Andrew Low Ah Kee, CEO of Fanatics Commerce, the company's manufacturing and retail arm. Over the last several years, Fanatics has overseen retail operations at international sporting events like MLB's Tokyo Series, the NFL's slate of international games, the NHL's Four Nations tournament and UEFA's Euro 2024 in Germany. As part of its deal with FIFA for the 2026 tournament, Fanatics will oversee the in-venue retail operations across all 16 locations, which are mostly NFL stadiums with seating capacity of more than 60,000 fans. "In terms of the logistical complexity of it, it's very real, but I'm confident in our readiness," said Low Ah Kee, adding that Fanatics has already operated in all the venues where the tournament will be held. While the length of the tournament – 39 days, to accommodate a larger field of 48 nations – could present another layer of complexity compared to one-off events or shorter tournaments, Low Ah Kee said the company is aiming to lean into the momentum that is built during a World Cup, capitalizing on matchups and moments that arise to create quick-strike products and other limited merchandise. Fanatics has expanded its soccer-focused retail operations in recent years, and is a partner of MLS, a quarter of the Premier League clubs, and several of the biggest club teams across the world like PSG, Inter Milan and Juventus.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/04/these-friends-chose-co-buying-to-achieve-homeownership.html
Article: A 2025 Bankrate survey found that 22% of aspiring millennial buyers could not find a property they could afford between 2020 and 2025 and had given up on buying a home. Pendleton says one reason the rate of co-buying has fallen in the past few years is that rent prices have stabilized, while mortgage interest rates are almost double what they were during the Covid-19 pandemic. "The idea of buying with a friend sounds great for maybe a few years but knowing that you need to stay in that home now for eight to 10 years might make buying a little less desirable." Millennials represent the largest generation of people sharing homes with non-relatives, data shows. area — Rascoe is the host of NPR's Weekend Edition Sunday and the weekend host of Up First — and decided to explore buying a home together in Washington, D.C. "We had to make that decision early on." "It's untraditional, but you take much bigger risks when you're falling in love and getting married to someone who you've known for maybe three or four years," Rascoe adds. Friends investing in themselves in New York City When friends and co-workers Gilbert Nyantakyi and Kwame Nkrumah, both 28, realized that they couldn't afford to buy a place in New York City individually, they decided their best strategy would be to go in on a deal together. Friends for 18 years, the two consider themselves brothers, they say, and have always shared an interest in real estate, they just didn't know the best way to get into the market. "Why purchase elsewhere for a very expensive price when we could purchase in our home city for a very similar price." In 2023, after a difficult, months-long process, the two bought a three-family home in the Bronx for $730,000. Their monthly mortgage is about $5,300, and they use part of the rental income from the other two apartments to pay it and then split whatever is left equally, according to documents reviewed by CNBC Make It. A group of four building community in Portland, Oregon Jendayi Brooks-Flemister, 29, and their partner had been looking for a place to buy in the Portland area for a while, but they said they kept running into issues: Either the house was too far from the neighborhood they wanted to live in, or it needed too much work, which they weren't willing to take on.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/04/japan-record-high-jgb-yields-boj-policy-rate.html
Article: The Bank of Japan faces a stark choice: sticking with its policy of raising rates and risking even higher yields and further slowing an already sagging economy, or holding, even cutting rates to support growth that could accelerate inflation further. Stock Chart Icon Stock chart icon Japan abandoned its yield curve control program in March 2024, under which benchmark 10-year bond yields were capped at around 1%, as part of its policy normalization that also saw the country end the world's last negative interest rate regime. Now, as the country weighs increasing rates at a time when inflation has been rising — it has stayed above the BOJ's 2% target for 43 straight months — the specter of bond yields spiking further looms large. Anindya Banerjee, head of currency and commodities at Kotak Securities, told CNBC's "Inside India" that if the BOJ reverts back to quantitative easing and YCC to cap bond yields, the yen may also weaken and feed imported inflation, which is already a problem. Add to that a government that is poised to unleash its largest stimulus package since the pandemic to curb cost of living and prop up the struggling Japanese economy, and the concerns around Japan's ballooning debt become even more stark. Magdalene Teo, head of fixed income research for Asia at Julius Baer, said that the new debt issuance of 11.7 trillion yen to finance Prime Minister Sanae Takaichi's supplementary budget is 1.7 times larger than that issued under her predecessor Shigeru Ishiba in 2024.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/04/china-france-xi-macron-meeting-beijing-ukraine.html
Article: BEIJING, CHINA - DECEMBER 3: French President Emmanuel Macron (R) and Chinese President Xi Jinping walk during a state visit at the Great Hall of the People on December 3, 2025 in Beijing, China. China said it was open to importing more goods from France in exchange for a "fair, conducive environment" for Chinese businesses in the European nation, President Xi Jinping told his counterpart Emmanuel Macron on Thursday as they met in Beijing. The French president kicked off a 3-day visit to China on Wednesday — his first trip to Beijing in more than two years — on the heels of growing frictions over a range of topics including trade imbalance and the long-running war in Ukraine. In a separate readout from the French government, Macron told Xi that the two countries must work together based on "a balanced relationship," while urging Beijing to help end the Russia-Ukraine war. Macron said he welcomed Beijing's "renewed willingness to facilitate access to the Chinese market for French products, particularly agricultural goods," including wine, pork, poultry and beef, according to a Google translation of the statement in French. The two leaders also signed several deals covering energy, agriculture, education and environment, according to the official readout from Chinese state media, which did not elaborate on the agreed terms. Tensions between Beijing and Paris escalated last year when Macron backed the European Union's decision to impose tariffs on Chinese-made electric vehicles, prompting Beijing to retaliate with minimum price requirements on French cognac makers. Macron is expected to lobby the Chinese leader to not impose similar measures on French pork and dairy products, Bloomberg reported Wednesday, as Beijing has weighed those duties in response to the levies on EVs. Macron had also pushed Brussels to respond with its toughest trade measures on China after Beijing restricted its rare earth exports that had triggered worries of supply shortages at European carmakers. The bilateral meeting comes at a time when Beijing is locked in a diplomatic spat with Japan over Prime Minister Sanae Takaichi's statement that signaled a Chinese invasion of Taiwan could draw a military response from Japan. On Wednesday, Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi told his French counterpart Jean-Noël Barrot that he hoped Paris to continue "showing understanding for and supporting China's legitimate stance" and prevent Japan from "stirring up troubles" over Taiwan.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/04/uk-hedge-fund-kernow-sagas-share-price-could-surge-over-400percent.html
Article: Saga plc , which targets the over-50s, is a "materially undervalued" business, according to Alyx Wood, co-founder and chief investment officer of Kernow Asset Management, who described the stock as "an investor's dream." Wood, whose firm focuses exclusively on U.K. "Imagine there's a stock that's exposed to the best growth tailwind over the next decade, whose earnings quality is about to triple, and whose share price could rise over the coming years by over 400%," Wood told attendees at the Sohn London investment conference in November. Wood highlighted the increased spending power of this demographic — which he dubbed the "Silver Pound" — noting that people living their "Saga years" will account for 60% of all U.K. 'A compelling brand' It has reversed a number of "catastrophically bad strategic financial decisions" — which included the order of two cruise ships delivered in April 2020 at the start of the Covid-19 pandemic — and has reduced leverage from about 12 times to almost four times, Wood said. "Whichever way you cut the assumptions this is a materially undervalued business." In September, Deutsche Bank analysts observed in a research note that Saga's first half results beat estimates, saying the company had made "encouraging strategic progress on several fronts." Its group EBITDA came in at £67.5 million, 12% ahead of Deutsche Bank's £60 million forecast, with growth seen in ocean cruise, river cruise and holiday passenger traffic. "Overall, we view Saga as a strong leisure operator, combining a compelling brand with exposure to the fastest-growing demographic in the U.K., together underpinning structural growth prospects," Deutsche analysts wrote.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/05/cnbc-daily-open-money-money-money-in-nvidias-world.html
Article: Nvidia President and CEO Jensen Huang speaks to the media as he arrives for a meeting with the Senate Banking Committee on Capitol Hill on December 3, 2025 in Washington, DC. In this economy?" But this problem does not seem to extend to the world's most valuable company Nvidia, which is sitting on a problem most of us would like to have: having too much cash. And this is even after splashing out billions of dollars on stakes in companies: $1 billion for Nokia, $5 billion for Intel, $10 billion for Anthropic—and a jaw-dropping $100 billion commitment to OpenAI still under discussion. Nvidia, which has gone from a niche maker of graphic cards to the world's most valuable company, has also made $37 billion in buybacks and dividends, with a further $60 billion authorised.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/04/stock-market-today-live-updates.html
Article: Investors earlier digested a report from job placement firm Challenger, Gray & Christmas that showed job cuts in November moved ahead of 1 million for the year, with corporate restructuring, artificial intelligence and tariffs contributing to the losses. And you have that with the labor market that has generally held up 'low hire-low fire.' If that tips over, then you're in a pretty sticky spot next year." The market will be able to sort through a fresh slate of economic releases on Friday.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/03/epstein-files-jpmorgan-deutsche-bank-virgin-islands.html
Article: In this article DB JPM Follow your favorite stocks CREATE FREE ACCOUNT Photo released by the House Oversight Committee Democrats shows the property of Jeffrey Epstein's private island home on Little St. A spokesperson for Oversight's Republican majority said in a statement that the committee "has received approximately 5,000 documents in response to [GOP Chairman James Comer of Kentucky's] subpoenas" to the two banks, along with his request to the Virgin Islands. "The Majority is reviewing these materials and will make them public soon, just as the Committee has already done with the more than 65,000 pages produced during this investigation," the spokesperson said. Source: House Oversight Democrats The developments come two weeks after President Donald Trump, a former friend of Epstein's, signed a bipartisan bill ordering the Department of Justice to release files from its investigations into the registered sex offender. On Wednesday, a bipartisan group of five lawmakers asked Bondi for a briefing and status update on DOJ's efforts to gather those files in advance of the upcoming deadline, NBC News reported. The spokesperson for the committee majority criticized Democratic members' move, saying, "It is odd that Democrats are once again releasing selective information, as they have done before." The Democrats had previously released thousands of documents — including emails showing Epstein discussing Trump — that it obtained through a subpoena to Epstein's estate.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/03/american-eagle-gap-levi-beyonce-sydney-sweeney-denim-ads.html
Article: In this article LEVI GAP AEO Follow your favorite stocks CREATE FREE ACCOUNT watch now Levi Strauss CEO Michelle Gass was out for a run in San Francisco last March when she first heard the song "Levii's Jeans" from Beyonce's latest album, "Cowboy Carter." "Literally, I got chills," Gass recounted to CNBC, adding the name-check represented a "once in a lifetime" marketing opportunity she couldn't afford to squander. He called it the "ultimate compliment." Industrywide, brands aired nearly 70% more denim TV spots this year compared with last, as the global jeans market swelled to $101 billion, up 28% since 2020, according to data from TV outcomes company EDO and market research company Euromonitor International. But taken together, the marketing shows the lengths companies are going to dominate a growing denim category that is still up for grabs — even if Levi may have created it. There's much more consideration in the customer buying process than for some other products, so it does make it much more of a battle between the retailers." Why retailers are betting on denim now Like all things in fashion, denim goes through cycles. The last time denim was this big was during the 2000s when brands like True Religion and Joe's Jeans were a favorite among A-listers before athleisure became more popular and transformed casual dressing. "When we came out of Covid, I think to me this is really when it started, when we started to see consumers basically say, 'Look, I want to feel like I am not sitting in my house anymore, I want to feel like I am getting dressed up to go out,'" said Janine Stichter, a retail analyst and managing director at financial services firm BTIG. "That kind of started to bring about the denim cycle that we're in right now." In past denim booms, certain cuts dominated, like skinny jeans in the 2000s and bell bottoms and flares in the 1970s. "That's a reason why companies might want to invest behind it, because there's just so many styles that consumers are accepting right now." Denim has been a bright spot for retailers in a sluggish apparel market, but they've had to fight harder for consumer attention as more rivals invest in the space. "They didn't want to play it safe, because that's not really going to make noise in the market." For Gap and American Eagle, both legacy mall players with fading relevance, the denim play goes deeper than just driving revenue. "Leaning into denim and having these big campaigns around denim is part of a wider push to reinvigorate the brands, and I think that's why they've gone all out on it, because they see denim almost as a halo that can shine light on the rest of the brand and the things that they're doing," said Saunders. "It's the relevance play because … American Eagle had become a little bit stale and was struggling with the results, Gap is in the midst of a reinvention to really try to make the brand much more relevant, especially to younger consumers." In an interview with CNBC, Gap CEO Richard Dickson said the Katseye campaign allowed the company to reach a wide set of consumers in a strategic way. The effectiveness of jeans ads, measured by consumer engagement like searches and site visits, improved 9% year over year from January through August, suggesting the creative messaging behind the spots matters more than frequency, EDO said. 1, 2024, which covers the debut of its Beyonce campaign, the company's SG&A expenses were nearly $200 million higher than the previous year, more than half of which was spent in the quarter the campaign debuted. "When we look at our business results, our sales are growing, but our profits are growing as well overall, so we feel good about the investment." Since Gass took over, winning over more female shoppers has been at the core of her strategy, and the company's Beyonce campaign is helping it achieve that goal. "Based on the momentum we're seeing, there's no reason why we can't achieve that." True Religion, which is privately held and doesn't disclose its financials, told CNBC denim sales rose 38% between Aug. "The results of those posts, especially on women's denim sales, was pretty incredible." Since American Eagle's and Gap's campaigns are newer, it's too early to say how they have affected long-term sales.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/04/taking-on-china-from-russias-border-inside-neos-rare-earths-factory.html
Article: Speaking to CNBC by video call, Neo CEO Rahim Suleman said the facility is on track to produce 2,000 metric tons of rare earth magnets this year, before scaling up to 5,000 tons and beyond as it seeks to keep pace with "an enormously quick-growing market." It is a frankly a billion-dollar problem that affects trillion-dollar downstream industries. Ryan Castilloux managing director of Adamas Intelligence The European region currently imports nearly all of its rare earth magnets from China, although Suleman expects Neo's Narva facility to be capable of fulfilling around 10% of that demand. So, we'd have a lot more work to do, a lot more building to do because I think the customers have a real need to diversify their supply chains," Suleman said. "Europe needs a big increase in rare earth magnet capacity to even come close to a diversified supply chain for its carmakers," Caroline Messecar, an analyst at Fastmarkets, told CNBC by email. And so, I think collectively all of this has just sobered the West, end-users and governments to the risks that they face," Ryan Castilloux, managing director of critical mineral consultancy Adamas Intelligence, told CNBC by phone. European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen delivers her speech during a debate on the new 2028-2034 Multi-annual Financial Framework at the European Parliament in Brussels on November 12, 2025. In its Autumn 2025 Economic Forecast, the European Commission, the EU's executive arm, identified Chinese export controls leading to supply chain disruptions in several sectors such as autos and green energy. It thrusts the issue of supply diversification in the spotlight for European policymakers, especially as demand is projected to grow until 2030 and EU supply remains highly reliant on a single supplier, according to a statement from a European Commission spokesperson. In response, European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen announced in October that plans were underway to launch a so-called "RESourceEU" plan — along the lines of its "REPowerEU" initiative, which sought to overcome another supply issue — energy. And although its output is modest when compared to overall demand, it demonstrates how the EU plans to boost the bloc's magnet output capacity and reduce dependence on Chinese supply. Xinhua News Agency | Xinhua News Agency | Getty Images China is the undisputed leader of the critical minerals supply chain, responsible for nearly 60% of the world's rare earths mining and more than 90% of magnet manufacturing. watch now Asked why the company positioned its new rare earths plant there, Neo's Suleman said the firm already had an existing infrastructure presence in the country, "and the right place was to be in Europe." "And then you go one step deeper, which is to get into Estonia. So, you put all that together, along with the support that we received both in Estonia and in the EU, and it was a great choice for us," he added.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/04/horizon-quantum-software-startup-deploys-singapores-first-quantum-computer-for-commercial-use.html
Article: Singapore-based software firm Horizon Quantum on Wednesday said it has become the first private company to run a quantum computer for commercial use in the city-state, marking a milestone ahead of its plans to list in the U.S. According to Horizon Quantum, the new computer also makes it the first pure-play quantum software firm to own its own quantum computer — an integration it hopes will help advance the promising technology.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/03/dan-niles-says-best-investment-idea-now-is-cash-what-else-he-likes.html
Article: "The market is starting to go, 'you know everybody is not going to win so I need to start differentiating between the Google complex of companies and the OpenAI complex of companies and go, how many winners are there actually going to be. Maybe there will be two or three; it is not going to be 10,'" Niles said in an interview on CNBC's " Power Lunch ." "That is why this market feels fragile." Within tech, he thinks Alphabet-owned Google will be among those that come out on top in the AI race . Still, with the market broadening out to other sectors, the best thing investors can do is stay diversified — especially since the now-rocky AI trade and Federal Reserve rate cuts have been what's been pushing the market to new highs. "If you are concerned that December 10 might be the top because that is the last rate cut for the next five months, other than being broadly diversified, cash is not a bad option."

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/04/bitcoin-down-nearly-30percent-from-record-high-history-shows-thats-normal.html
Article: Moves from previous cycles not only show how the current price swings are all part of bitcoin's normal operating pattern but also how they may often precede a rally, according to figures compiled by CoinDesk Data for CNBC.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/03/stock-market-today-live-updates.html
Article: "The markets have done well year to date, with strength in the back half of November, and I think it wouldn't be surprising to me to see markets just kind of move sideways from here" said Tim Holland, chief investment officer at Orion. So, maybe after a great 11 months and some recent volatility, we're just marking time, maybe even into year-end, and then we'll see how 2026 kicks off." On Thursday, investors largely overlooked the latest weekly jobless claims numbers that showed new applications for unemployment insurance at their lowest level since Sept. "I don't think you're going to get any data that knocks the Fed off of a cut next week between now and then." Other important economic releases this week come Friday when the Commerce Department releases delayed September data on consumer spending and incomes and the personal consumption expenditures index, the Fed's primary inflation gauge.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/04/russia-europes-use-of-frozen-assets-could-be-justification-for-war-.html
Article: "If a frantic European Union attempts to steal Russian assets frozen in Belgium by issuing a so-called reparations loan, such actions could be classified under international law as a special kind of casus belli, with all the ensuing consequences for Brussels and individual EU countries," Medvedev said, referring to the Latin phrasing for an act that justifies war. Unlocking $105 billion On Wednesday the Commission proposed a "Reparations Loan" for Ukraine which would involve using cash from the balances of European financial institutions holding frozen Russian Central Bank assets. Under the proposal to use the frozen assets, it plans to unlock 90 billion euros ($105 billion) for the effort, which is around two-thirds of the International Monetary Fund's $136.5 billion estimation of Ukraine's financing gap for 2026 to 2029. "With Russia continuing to show no sign of willingness to commit to a just and sustainable peace, the strain on Ukraine's resources continues to grow, making sustained EU support all the more vital," the Commission said in a statement. So far, European countries have used the profits generated by such assets to financially aid Kyiv, but some European leaders have expressed concerns about further measures due to potential financial and legal issues. Kremlin Press Office/Anadolu via Getty Images Belgium has been particularly tough on the subject, given that it hosts Euroclear — the financial institution that has the bulk of Russia's state assets which have been frozen in Europe since Moscow's full-scale invasion of Ukraine in 2022. One EU official, who did not want to be named due to the sensitivity of the topic, told CNBC, "If the EU chooses to borrow money to support Ukraine, this will need unanimity. If they choose to use the frozen assets then you can approve the plan by qualified majority." Hungary is against giving further cash to Ukraine, creating a barrier to achieving unanimity on the issue. Another EU official, who also did not want to be named due to the sensitivity of the talks, told CNBC: "By putting forward two solutions to fund Ukraine, "the European Commission wants to show that the only alternative is much worse for many more member states." The U.S.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/04/meta-faces-europe-antitrust-investigation-over-whatsapp-ai-rollout.html
Article: Meta has been hit with an EU antitrust investigation over its use of AI features in WhatsApp, as the European bloc continues to ramp up challenges to US big tech giants. A new policy announced by Meta in October prohibited AI providers from using a tool allowing businesses to contact customers via WhatsApp when AI is the main service offered, the European Commission said. While businesses may still use AI tools for functions like customer support, the bloc was concerned the new policy might "prevent third party AI providers from offering their services through WhatsApp in the European Economic Area (EEA)," it added. "The claims are baseless," a WhatsApp spokesperson told CNBC in a statement, adding that the app's application programming interface (API) was not designed to support AI chatbots and "puts a strain on our systems." "The AI space is highly competitive and people have access to the services of their choice in any number of ways, including app stores, search engines, email services, partnership integrations and operating systems," the company added. The same month, Meta was hit with a 200 million euros fine for breaching obligations to give consumers the choice of a service that uses less of their personal data. "We must ensure European citizens and businesses can benefit fully of this technological revolution and act to prevent dominant digital incumbents from abusing their power to crowd out innovative competitors," said the bloc's Commissioner for Competition Teresa Ribera.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/04/jensen-huang-cited-radiologists-to-dispute-ai-jobs-impact.html
Article: During a wide-ranging conversation about AI on The Joe Rogan Experience, Huang referred to a prediction made in 2016 by Geoffrey Hinton, a computer scientist and ex-vice president at Google who is known as the "Godfather of AI." Hinton said then that "people should stop training as radiologists now" because, in five years, AI would be better than humans at image recognition. "What's ironic, though, is that the number of radiologists has actually grown," Huang told Rogan, adding: "Today, just about every radiologist is using AI in some way." To understand AI's impact on jobs, "you have to go back to what is the purpose of a job," Huang added. It reported Hinton had told it he didn't "make clear that he was speaking purely about image analysis, and was wrong on timing but not the direction." In May, Huang told the Milken Institute's Global Conference: "You're not going to lose your job to an AI, but you're going to lose your job to someone who use AI." He also dismissed a prediction early this year from Anthropic CEO Dario Amodei, who said that 50% of entry-level jobs would be destroyed as AI becomes more capable.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/03/cnbc-china-connection-newsletter-three-economic-flashpoints-2026-property-consumption-deflation.html
Article: Once one of China's largest developers by sales and an iconic local brand, Vanke is seeking to delay repayment of a 2 billion yuan ($283 million) onshore bond due Dec. Str | Afp | Getty Images "Homebuyers' confidence in China has already been quite fragile, so if [Vanke has to pursue distressed financing] that could probably hit sentiment further," said Edward Chan, director, corporate ratings at S&P Global Ratings. "Funding arrangements and implementation details are lacking," Goldman Sachs analysts said in a report over the weekend, while noting a clear emphasis on integrating AI into consumer product development and services. "Overall, this plan focuses entirely on the supply side," the analysts said, "and we continue to believe sustained consumption growth will require policy support for job creation and income gains." Of concern, the bad loan ratio for households in China reached 1.33% in the first half of this year, exceeding the corporate ratio, which declined to 1.2%, according to Natixis. Even with extended promotions running from early October to mid-November, China's biggest shopping event of the year saw sales growth slow to 14.2% from 26.6% last year, according to third-party analysis. Nomura's Chief China Economist Ting Lu estimated last week that roughly a quarter of those inflation gains came from the surge in gold prices, according to his analysis of official figures. Top TV picks on CNBC watch now Charlene Chu, a macrofinancial senior analyst for China at Autonomous Research, said that persistent deflation has discouraged more Chinese companies from investing domestically, fearing they cannot generate a return. watch now Kerry Mok, President and CEO of SATS, which derives more than half of its revenue from air cargo, said that China's overall trade has grown, while e-commerce sales in the U.S. watch now Jacqueline Du, head of China industrial tech research at Goldman Sachs, said there is demand for humanoid robots even if they are not yet highly useful, and companies in the supply chain are optimistic. On the heels of an AI app revamp, the Chinese e-commerce giant kicked off sales of its smart frames on Thursday for $500 in China, a market where the Meta Ray-Ban Display glasses are not officially available.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/03/india-russia-putin-meeting-tariffs-new-delhi-moscow-trade.html
Article: The visit indicates that India wants to "maintain its relations with Russia, especially at a time when it sees the United States as unreliable and China as hostile," said Ian Bremmer, president and founder of political risk consultancy firm Eurasia Group. While this visit was planned before U.S.-India ties soured, it signifies that "New Delhi is not beholden to the whims of the Trump administration and that it maintains an independent foreign policy," said Chietigj Bajpaee, senior research fellow for South Asia in the Asia-Pacific Programme at Chatham House. Kremlin said last week that Putin's visit was of "great importance" with the Russian president and Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi set to discuss the "scope of Russia-India special and privileged strategic partnership in politics, trade and economy," among other issues. Expanding trade will be the major focus of the summit, which could help India achieve a more balanced bilateral trade with Russia, said Aleksei Zakharov, visiting fellow at Indian think tank Observer Research Foundation. Trade disparity In fiscal year ended March 2025, trade between India and Russia stood at $68.72 billion, heavily skewed in favor of Russia, according to data government-backed India Brand Equity Foundation. India could ramp up its shipments of machinery, chemicals, food and pharmaceutical products to Russia, while Moscow is pitching its technological solutions for civilian nuclear energy, including building small modular reactors in India, said Zakharov. "New Delhi and Moscow are seeking to compensate for India's reduced purchases of Russian oil by diversifying their trade relationship to other areas, including defense and civil nuclear cooperation," said Bajpaee of Chatham House. "India and Russia will talk about weapons, but Russia can barely deliver on the S-400 already on order because of chip shortages," said Bremmer of Eurasia Group, adding that "India is not interested in the su-57 fighter." Between 2020 and 2024, Russia was the largest supplier of arms to India with 36% share, followed by France at 33% and Israel at 13%, according to data from Stockholm International Peace Research Institute. to cut back on its imports of Russian oil as Washington claims this enables Moscow to withstanding pressure of economic sanctions by the West and continue its war against Ukraine. New Delhi has said that its oil imports are based on the "objective of ensuring energy security of 1.4 billion people of India." In its bid to mend ties with the U.S., New Delhi has ramped up energy purchases from Washington with Indian state-owned oil companies signing a 1-year deal to import around 2.2 million tonnes per annum of liquefied petroleum gas from the U.S.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/04/asia-pacific-markets-today-thursday-ai-tech-nikkei-225-hang-seng-index-csi-300.html
Article: Payroll processor ADP reported that private companies cut 32,000 workers in November, compared with 47,000 additions in October, and well below the 40,000 increase expected by economists polled by Dow Jones. IndiGo attributed the disruptions in the past two days to unforeseen issues such as adverse weather conditions and increased congestion, as well as the implementation of updated rostering rules, Reuters reported.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/03/trump-south-korea-tariffs-vehicles-hyundai-gm.html
Article: Both automakers have paid billions of dollars in levies so far this year after President Donald Trump placed 25% tariffs on imported vehicles from South Korea and other countries in the spring. GM CFO Paul Jacobson said Wednesday that the automaker initially expected tariffs on South Korean imports to cost $2 billion but that the company has been able to offset many of those costs. "We do think that is going to be a tailwind next year, just not as much as the whole 50% because the ultimate tariff bill that we're going to pay this year for Korea was going to be a lot lower than the $2 billion from the stuff that we've been working on," Jacobson said during a UBS conference. It's been quite the journey reaching this agreement, which has been, I would say, quite extensive." Hyundai, including its Kia subsidiary that operates separately in the U.S., has significantly increased its sales and operations in the U.S. GM, in an emailed statement, said the company "appreciates that negotiators have finalized an agreement on trade between the US and South Korea." "GM's long-standing Korea operations produce high-quality, affordable crossovers that complement our U.S. Detainees are made to stand against a bus before being handcuffed, during a raid by federal agents where about 300 South Koreans were among 475 people arrested at the site of a $4.3 billion project by Hyundai Motor and LG Energy Solution to build batteries for electric cars in Ellabell, Georgia, U.S.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/04/cnbc-daily-open-once-again-bad-data-is-good-news-for-markets.html
Article: Wednesday's rally was on the back of surprisingly weak private jobs data, with payrolls processing firm ADP's November report showing 32,000 job losses, sharply missing the 40,000 gain expected by economists polled by Dow Jones. But before one starts celebrating like Charlie Bucket who has found a golden ticket to Willy Wonka's chocolate factory, remember, what looks like a catalyst for portfolios in the short term can mask economic weakness in the longer term if job losses continue.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/03/salesforce-crm-q3-earnings-report-2026.html
Article: Net income increased to $2.09 billion, or $2.19 per share, from $1.53 billion, or $1.58 per share, in the same quarter last year, boosted by a $263 million gain from strategic investments. The Tableau data analytics business had a higher mix of cloud services than the company had predicted during the quarter, Robin Washington, Salesforce's chief operating and financial officer, said on a conference call with analysts. At the same time, the guidance factors in the continued shift to the cloud for MuleSoft and Tableau, as well as ongoing weakness from marketing and commerce products, Washington said. During the third quarter, Salesforce acquired Regrello, whose AI software performs tasks, and Waii, which uses AI to compose code for running queries on data based on a few words of human input.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/03/malaysia-to-resume-search-for-missing-flight-mh370-more-than-a-decade-after-plane-vanished.html
Article: This picture taken on March 10, 2014 shows students at Hailiang International School lighting candles to pray for the passengers on the missing Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 in Zhuji, in China's Zhejiang province. The search for the missing Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 will resume later this month, more than a decade after the jet disappeared in one of the world's greatest aviation mysteries. In March, the Malaysian government approved a new search for the missing aircraft's debris, commissioning Ocean Infinity on a "no-find, no-fee" contract, in which the company will receive $70 million only if wreckage was discovered.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/04/retail-boom-in-alternative-assets-risk-liquidity-and-portfolios.html
Article: watch now A version of this article appeared in CNBC's Inside Alts newsletter, a guide to the fast-growing world of alternative investments, from private equity and private credit to hedge funds and venture capital. Here are the highlights from our conversations with General Atlantic Chairman and CEO Bill Ford, Coatue Management founder and portfolio manager Philippe Laffont, Ares Management co-founder and CEO Michael Arougheti, and JPMorgan Asset & Wealth Management CEO Mary Erdoes. Like when Oracle goes from [$50 per share] to $350, at $350 it's like, maybe the idea is already priced [in] and on the private side, because usually things take longer, you have to be more right, you have to be more patient. And I think there is a duration that you get from being a private investor — more of a 5-to-7-year horizon — that allows you to play the cycle a little bit longer. democratizing access to alts Laffont: I personally think that the IPO market is totally broken – like beyond repair, as measured by the fact that 20 or 30 years ago, there were so many more IPOs than today. And I think it's not a great trend, because at the end of the day, it's just easier for [the] retail investor to be involved in IPOs and then onwards than everything before the IPO. I think we've had an exit recession in private markets for the last three-plus years, and some of that was regulatory, some of it was just some of the trends that Philippe was talking about. But I think we started to see some green shoots around the IPO market this year, and it was just unfortunate that the wind was taken out of our sails a little bit when we had the government shutdown.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/04/general-motors-gm-sterling-anderson.html
Article: After roughly six months as executive vice president and chief product officer, Sterling Anderson appears to be putting all three ideas to work as he oversees the company's vast product portfolio — from the vehicles themselves to the software powering them. Anderson, who left the self-driving car company Aurora Innovation that he co-founded to join GM in June, has quickly become the most influential product executive in more than 15 years, outside of GM President Mark Reuss. "That's the point of the role, I think, is it brings together all of these pieces into a unified approach to how we do product going forward." Since then, the company's acclaimed heads of software and artificial intelligence have unexpectedly exited the company after relatively short tenures. Mary Barra, Chair and CEO of General Motors (right to left), Mark Reuss, President, Sterling Anderson, Chief Product Officer, and Dave Richardson, Senior Vice President Software and Services Engineering at "GM Forward" on Wednesday, October 22, 2025 in New York. GM "We are strategically integrating AI capabilities directly into our business and product organizations, enabling faster innovation and more targeted solutions," a GM spokeswoman said about Turovsky's departure in an emailed statement last week. He previously told CNBC that for GM to succeed, software and product must be thought of as one and the same rather than as separate units, like they have been in recent years. "What that five months of listening has allowed me to do is really fine tune and target how we're going, not just kind of what we're going to innovate on, but how we're going to do it," he said in the October interview. consultant turned Tesla executive, said before he joined GM, he had thought of the automaker more of a comedic caricature rather than a canvas that he would help turn into a modern masterpiece. Anderson said CEO Mary Barra and Reuss, whom he reports to, helped him break down that "old-world automotive" caricature and concerns about employees of the automaker not supporting his efforts. I'm the 'Silicon Valley cowboy' that's coming into Detroit and, you know, 'pew pewing' his way through an innovation story with a team that I was concerned wouldn't receive that well. He said GM's goal is to build an autonomous vehicle, which comes a year after the company disbanded its majority-owned Cruise AV business following years of development and billions of dollars in capital. New York Times columnist Andrew Ross Sorkin and Chair and CEO of General Motors Mary Barra speak onstage during the 2025 New York Times Dealbook Summit at Jazz at Lincoln Center on December 03, 2025 in New York City. "It's a self-driving product that can be safe without any handbacks to the human in safety critical situations." Barra on Wednesday cited Anderson and the automaker's past efforts in autonomous vehicles as reasons why GM is "well positioned" to achieve autonomous highway driving in its vehicles beginning in 2028. "As we talk about artificial intelligence, autonomous driving is one of the ultimate applications that I still strongly believe in," Barra said at The New York Times DealBook Summit, reconfirming the automaker's "personal autonomous vehicle" plans rather than Cruise robotaxis. in robotics from MIT, said it took several conversations for him to leave Aurora, which he thought he "would die with." watch now He isn't alone in his change of heart; however not many have lasted long at the automaker. Several other current and former Silicon Valley executives have voiced similar optimism about GM as well as its longstanding CEO and president — both of whom have spent their entire careers at the automaker as "GM lifers." Richardson previously hailed working for Barra, who he reported to before Anderson, as "an opportunity of a lifetime." Cetinok previously described his position as "a product person's dream" in an interview with CNBC. Jens Peter "JP" Clausen, who led Tesla's manufacturing expansion and worked at Lego and Google, partly credited the "opportunity to work for a leader like" Barra as a reason to join GM as its head of manufacturing before an unexpected departure after only one year. Tech execs The global automotive industry has battled for years to better integrate technology into vehicles — from their production to consumer-facing software and remote, or "over-the-air," updates like Tesla pioneered. automakers] have very much had a significant struggle with understanding software and electronics technology, and that has caused them to have a parade of experts quote 'coming in to help,'" said Peter Abowd, an engineer turned automotive and technology consultant.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/04/rfk-jr-vaccine-vote-hepatitis-b-babies.html
Article: Kennedy Jr.'s hand-picked vaccine committee on Thursday deferred crucial votes on hepatitis B vaccines for babies until Friday, saying it will give members more time to review proposed language on the measure. It's unclear if the panel, called the Advisory Committee on Immunization Practices, or ACIP, could significantly delay or eliminate a so-called birth dose of the shot for babies whose mothers test negative for the virus. A new review, published Tuesday, of more than 400 studies spanning four decades also found no evidence that delaying the universal hepatitis B vaccine birth dose improves safety or effectiveness. "The reconsideration of the newborn Hepatitis B vaccination on the established schedule poses a grave risk to the health of children and to the public, which could lead to a resurgence of preventable infectious diseases," Dr.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/03/nvidias-jensen-huang-talks-chip-controls-with-trump-hits-regulation.html
Article: Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang said he met with President Donald Trump on Wednesday and that the two men discussed chip export restrictions, as lawmakers consider a proposal to limit exports of advanced artificial intelligence chips to nations like China. "I've said it repeatedly that we support export controls, and that we should ensure that American companies have the best and the most and first," Huang told reporters on Capitol Hill. The notion of state-by-state regulation has generated pushback from tech companies and spurred the creation of a super PAC called "Leading the Future," which is backed by the AI industry. "State-by-state AI regulation would drag this industry into a halt and it would create a national security concern, as we need to make sure that the United States advances AI technology as quickly as possible," Huang said. "A federal AI regulation is the wisest." Trump last month urged legislators to include a provision in the NDAA that would preempt state AI laws in favor of "one federal standard." But House Majority Leader Steve Scalise (R-LA) told CNBC's Emily Wilkins on Tuesday the provision won't make it into the bill, citing a lack of sufficient support.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/03/liquid-glass-alan-dye-leaving-apple.html
Article: "Our new design blurs the lines between hardware and software to create an experience that's more delightful than ever while still familiar and easy to use," Dye said at the launch.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/03/micron-stops-selling-memory-to-consumers-demand-spikes-from-ai-chips.html
Article: "Micron has made the difficult decision to exit the Crucial consumer business in order to improve supply and support for our larger, strategic customers in faster-growing segments." Micron's announcement is the latest sign that the AI infrastructure boom is creating shortages for inputs like memory as a handful of companies commit to spend hundreds of billions in the next few years to build massive data centers. The analysts wrote in a note to clients that due to "continued pricing momentum" in memory, they "expect healthy upside to Street estimates" when Micron reports quarterly results in two weeks.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/03/lutnick-jobs-tariffs-shutdown-immigration-adp.html
Article: "No, no, it's not tariffs," Lutnick said when asked whether President Donald Trump's import duties explained Wednesday morning's report from ADP, which revealed an unexpected 32,000-worker drop in the labor market.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/03/bessent-says-us-will-be-able-to-replicate-tariffs-even-if-it-loses-supreme-court-decision.html
Article: NEW YORK — Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent on Wednesday predicted that the administration still will be able to implement its tariff agenda regardless of whether it prevails in a pending case before the Supreme Court. Repeating assertions he had made prior to the high court hearing a month ago, Bessent cited several sections of 1962 Trade Act that give the president sweeping powers over import duties. Asked by host Andrew Ross Sorkin — the founding editor of DealBook and co-host of CNBC's "Squawk Box" — whether the administration had to implement those measures permanently, Bessent replied, "permanently." Section 122 allows for tariff power up to 150 days, but 301 and 232 are less definitive on a time frame. On a separate matter, Bessent dodged a question on Trump's pick for the next Federal Reserve chair and noted the limited power the central bank leader has over interest rates. he or she is one vote." Bessent told CNBC recently that he thought Trump could make the decision by Christmas, but the president indicated it may not come until the new year.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/03/adp-jobs-report-november-2025-private-payrolls-unexpectedly-fell-by-32000-.html
Article: The payrolls decline marked a sharp step down from October, which saw an upwardly revised gain of 47,000 positions, and was well below the Dow Jones consensus estimate from economists for an increase of 40,000. "And while November's slowdown was broad-based, it was led by a pullback among small businesses." The ADP report is the last jobs picture the Federal Reserve gets before it meets Dec. Futures traders are assigning a nearly 90% probability that the central bank will approve another quarter percentage point cut in its key interest rate, despite misgivings from some officials over whether further easing is needed. One side sees cuts as necessary to head off further labor market troubles, while the other worries that additional reductions could aggravate inflation, which has held considerably above the Fed's 2% target.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/03/early-education-real-estate-luring-big-money.html
Article: child-care market is currently valued at $65.2 billion and is projected to grow to $109.9 billion by 2033, according to a report from CRE brokerage B+E, citing data from Grand View Research. Since the end of 2024, the number of early education properties available for sale has grown by 14%, reaching a total of 158, according to B+E, which specializes in net leasing. While some operators own their facilities, a significant number of centers, especially large national chains like KinderCare and The Learning Experience use net lease structures, in which tenants are responsible for property expenses like taxes, insurance and maintenance The number of available properties with more than 10 years remaining on their lease terms increased by 12% in 2025, according to B+E. That is coming to the market for investors and is very exciting." During the pandemic, a lot of families moved to more rural areas, where there are fewer child-care facilities.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/03/mortgage-rates-finally-moved-lower-last-week-but-that-didnt-do-much-for-demand.html
Article: The average contract interest rate for 30-year fixed-rate mortgages with conforming loan balances, $806,500 or less, decreased to 6.32% from 6.40%, with points falling to 0.58 from 0.60, including the origination fee, for loans with a 20% down payment. "Mortgage rates moved lower in line with Treasury yields, which declined on data showing a weaker labor market and declining consumer confidence," said Joel Kan, vice president and deputy chief economist at the MBA. Even with that drop, applications to refinance a home loan fell 4% for the week but were 109% higher than the same week one year ago, when interest rates were much higher.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/03/iphone-17-will-drive-record-apple-shipments-in-2025-idc.html
Article: Apple will hit a record level of iPhone shipments this year driven by its latest models and a resurgence in its key market of China, research firm IDC has forecast. Apple's predicted surge is "thanks to the phenomenal success of its latest iPhone 17 series," Nabila Popal, senior research director at IDC, said in a statement, adding that in China, "massive demand for iPhone 17 has significantly accelerated Apple's performance." Shipments are a term used by analysts to refer to the number of devices sent by a vendor to its sales channels like e-commerce partners or stores. When it launched in September, investors saw the iPhone 17 series as a key set of devices for Apple, which was facing increased competition in China and questions about its artificial intelligence strategy, as Android rivals were powering on. Apple's shipments are expected to jump 17% year-on-year in China in the fourth quarter, IDC said, leading the research firm to forecast 3% growth in the market this year versus a previous projection of a 1% decline. Bloomberg reported last month that Apple could delay the release of the base model of its next device, the iPhone 18, until 2027, which would break its regular cycle of releasing all of its phones in fall each year.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/02/mrvl-earnings-q3-2026-acquires-celestial-ai.html
Article: Marvell shares rose 13% in extended trading Tuesday as the company reported third-quarter earnings that beat expectations and said on the earnings call that it expected data center revenue to rise 25% next year. The addition of Celestial could enable Marvell to sell more chips and parts to companies that are currently committing to spend hundreds of billions of dollars on infrastructure for AI. Optical connections are becoming increasingly important because the most advanced AI systems need those parts tie together dozens or hundreds of chips so they can work as one to train and run the biggest large-language models. Currently, many AI chip connections are done using copper wires, but newer systems are increasingly using optical connections because they can transfer more data faster and enable physically longer cables. "This builds on our technology leadership, broadens our addressable market in scale-up connectivity, and accelerates our roadmap to deliver the industry's most complete connectivity platform for AI and cloud customers," Marvell CEO Matt Murphy said in a statement. Marvell said that the first application of Celestial technology would be to connect a system based on "large XPUs," which are custom AI chips usually made by the companies investing billions in AI infrastructure. On Tuesday, the company said that it could even integrate Celestial's optical technology into custom chips, and based on customer traction, the startup's technology would soon be integrated into custom AI chips and related parts called switches. Amazon Web Services Vice President Dave Brown said in a statement that Marvell's acquisition of Celestial will "help further accelerate optical scale-up innovation for next-generation AI deployments." The maximum payout for the deal will be triggered if Celestial can record $2 billion in cumulative revenue by the end of fiscal 2029.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/02/trump-media-djt-united-atlantic-ventures-settlement.html
Article: Trump Media said on Tuesday that it had reached an "amicable settlement" of a legal dispute with the co-founders of the social media company, which operates the Truth Social app. Litinksy and Moss were contestants on President Donald Trump's television show, "The Apprentice." UAV sued Trump Media in February 2024 in Delaware Chancery Court, accusing Trump of attempting to "drastically dilute" the value of stock shares the co-founders held in the company. That suit was dismissed in September after a judge ruled that the claims "boil down to conspiracy theories unsupported by factual allegations." But there had been other, ongoing litigation between Trump Media and UAV in a Florida state court.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/02/sabrina-carpenter-trump-ice-video-tiktok-juno.html
Article: Pop star Sabrina Carpenter on Tuesday blasted the Trump administration for using her hit 2024 song "Juno" as the soundtrack for a TikTok video showing Immigration and Customs Enforcement agents detaining people during raids. The soundtrack features a viral lyric from "Juno": "Have you ever tried this one?" The caption on the White House's post echoes the lyric: "Have you ever tried this one?

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/02/tariff-impact-starting-to-hit-could-cause-reduced-headcount-in-2026.html
Article: President Donald Trump 's tariffs, aimed at reshoring American jobs lost to overseas manufacturing, could end up lowering domestic head count instead, according to recent statements from corporate executives and economic forecasters. But an ISM respondent from the petroleum and coal industry reported, "No major changes at this time, but going into 2026, we expect to see big changes with cash flow and employee head count. The company has sold off a big part of the business that generated free cash while offering voluntary severance packages to anyone." One manager in the electrical equipment, appliances and components business said tariffs are causing a tougher business climate than during the Covid crisis. A report Tuesday from the 38-nation Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development indicated that tariffs have yet to bite the global economy but warned that the full impact could be still to come. imported goods subject to tariffs" which "suggests that tariffs are affecting demand, and will continue to weigh on trade volumes as announced tariffs come into full effect." Those kinds of risks set up challenges for the labor market in the year ahead. An economic report from the Federal Reserve last week also noted that employment "declined slightly" over the past seven weeks or so, while manufacturers reported that "tariffs and tariff uncertainty remained a headwind." Commentary out of the Cleveland Fed reflected both sides of the tariff coin: "One large retailer's average costs had increased around 20 percent year-over-year because of tariffs, and it was trying to determine how it would distribute these increases.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/02/broadcast-station-owners-consolidation-regulation-deal-structure.html
Article: In August, Nexstar Media Group, the largest owner of broadcast stations in the U.S., announced a proposed $6.2 billion deal to buy Tegna — a combination that would bring together more than 260 stations across the U.S. Anywhere from 33% to 50% of a broadcast station group's annual revenue stems from retransmission fees — payments made to a broadcaster for the inclusion of local TV affiliates in pay-TV bundles — with advertising making up most of the rest. The impetus for deals among station owners is to cut duplicate costs and add scale to their businesses, increasing negotiating power when it comes time for carriage renewals with the largest pay-TV providers such as Comcast, Charter, Google's YouTube TV and DirecTV. But the conversations with Gray haven't advanced, the people said, as Gray is already awaiting government approval for a much smaller deal and isn't in a rush to explore another transaction. Thomas Fuller | SOPA Images | Lightrocket | Getty Images Initial talks revolved around creating a company where both the Scripps family and the Smith family, which owns the majority of Sinclair's voting shares, would give up majority control of a combined company but remain involved, according to people familiar with the matter. Throughout the Scripps deal discussions, Sinclair proposed three different variations of a transaction, including different stipulations of who would remain as CEO and whether the deal would be structured as a merger or an acquisition, said the people familiar. That same year, Sinclair's attempt to to acquire Tribune ultimately failed amid both Federal Communications Commission concerns and criticism by Democrats and public advocacy groups over whether the merger was in the public interest. "I think there's a lot of complexity to any transaction, especially transactions that involve family-controlled public companies with highly levered balance sheets," Scripps Chief Financial Officer Jason Combs said during Wells Fargo's TMT Summit in November. There's a whole range of issues." When discussions went quiet in September, Sinclair began buying Scripps shares weekly until its stake amounted to roughly 8% and it had to go public, per the Securities and Exchange Commission. In the days following Sinclair's public proposal to acquire Scripps for $7 per share — or more than $580 million — Scripps adopted a shareholder rights' plan, commonly known as a "poison pill," to give it more time to consider the offer. "Given the family control of Scripps, the only effect of adopting a poison pill is to limit the liquidity opportunities for public shareholders of Scripps." A Scripps spokesperson on Wednesday said the company adopted the poison pill "to ensure that all shareholders receive full value in connection with any proposal to acquire the company." The plan is intended to ward off "coercive tactics" and expires after a year, the spokesperson said. After Sinclair's SEC filing that disclosed it had amassed a stake in Scripps, attorneys for Scripps sent a letter to Sinclair raising questions around the stock purchases, according to two of the people familiar with the matter. "Assuming Sinclair received confidential information from Scripps under an NDA, whether any of that information was material and not stale is interesting, because, if so, buying Scripps stock while in possession of that information sounds a lot like insider trading," said Hochman, who is not involved in the Sinclair-Scripps matter. "We are focused on achieving deregulation, and we continue to advocate for the elimination of the antiquated constraints on local television ownership as the best solution to level the competitive playing field for all media," Nexstar CEO Perry Sook said in a November release when requesting approval for the Tegna deal. In addition to the 39% nationwide cap, broadcasters would also like to eliminate another law on the books that prevents one company from owning three or more ABC, CBS, Fox or NBC affiliates in a given media market. In one instance earlier this year, Carr reportedly called the ownership cap "arcane, artificial limits," adding that such rules don't "apply to Big Tech." In late September the FCC said it would review the ownership rules. In addition, the Department of Justice has also been slow moving toward approving deals in the industry, creating a hurdle for deals of all sizes, one of the people said. Meanwhile, Chris Ruddy, CEO of conservative cable TV channel Newsmax and a Trump supporter, is against FCC rules changes, arguing consolidation limits the number of potential voices and raises cable prices for Americans by giving more leverage to the affiliate groups. President-elect Donald Trump speaks to Brendan Carr, his intended pick for Chairman of the Federal Communications Commission, as he attends a viewing of the launch of the sixth test flight of the SpaceX Starship rocket on November 19, 2024 in Brownsville, Texas.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/03/south-korea-lee-jae-myung-yoon-suk-yeol-martial-law-coup-han-duck-soo-trial-court-law.html
Article: SEOUL, SOUTH KOREA - DECEMBER 03: President Lee Jae Myung speaks during a press conference to mark the first anniversary of former President Yoon Suk Yeol's brief imposition of martial law, at Yeongbingwan of Blue House on December 03, 2025 in Seoul, South Korea. (Photo by Chung Sung-Jun/Getty Images) South Korean President Lee Jae Myung vowed "strict accountability" for the perpetrators behind last year's failed martial law attempt by former leader Yoon Suk Yeol, calling the upheaval a test of the country's democratic resilience.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/03/australia-q3-gdp-september.html
Article: The country's GDP rose 2.1% year on year, marking its strongest expansion since the third quarter of 2023 when the economy grew at the same rate, data from the Australian Bureau of Statistics showed on Wednesday. "The miss isn't a sign of a materially weaker economy," said Harry Murphy Cruise, head of economic research and global trade at Oxford Economics, noting that excluding inventories and trade, the domestic economy surged 1.2% compared with the previous quarter — the fastest expansion in more than two years. Echoing that view, Sunny Nguyen, head of Australia economics at Moody's Analytics, attributed the softer-than-expected headline figure partly to businesses writing down inventories "more aggressively than expected." "But they say more about timing and accounting than underlying final demand," Nguyen added. Before the GDP data was released, Reserve Bank of Australia Governor Michele Bullock cautioned that the economy had likely hit its potential growth limit at a time when inflation has been staying above the bank's target. At the monetary policy meeting last month, the central bank kept its interest rate unchanged at 3.6%, saying it was cautious about easing further, given a strengthening economy, tight labor market and persistent inflationary pressure.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/03/asia-markets-live.html
Article: Japan's Tokyo Electron , which provides essential chipmaking equipment to foundries that manufacture Nvidia chips, rose more than 4%; chip equipment maker Lasertec added as much as 7%, and chipmaker Renesas Electronics advanced more than 6%. The country's revised third-quarter GDP numbers indicated that country's economy grew at 1.8% year on year, compared to 1.7% in the initial estimate, data from the central bank showed Wednesday. The country's GDP expanded 2.1% year on year, marking its strongest expansion since the third quarter of 2023, but fell short of the 2.2% expected by economists polled by Reuters.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/02/softbank-masayoshi-son-crying-nvidia-stake-ai-bet-artificial-intelligence-bubble-vision-fund.html
Article: Speaking via teleconference, Son and OpenAI chief Sam Altman argued that advancing artificial intelligence would lead to new jobs that are not yet imagined, and the advancement of robotics will help kickstart a "self-improvement" loop. Photographer: Kiyoshi Ota/Bloomberg via Getty Images SoftBank Group founder Masayoshi Son on Monday downplayed the decision to offload the conglomerate's entire Nvidia stake, saying he "was crying" over parting with the shares. According to Son, SoftBank wouldn't have made the move if it didn't need to bankroll its next artificial intelligence investments, including a big bet on OpenAI and data center projects. "I was crying to sell Nvidia shares." Son's comments are consistent with what analysts and other Softbank executives said in November, describing the sale as part of broader efforts to bolster SoftBank Vision Fund's AI war chest. The Japanese giant could also "potentially" increase its investment in OpenAI depending on the performance of the ChatGPT maker and the valuation of further rounds, a person familiar with the matter previously told CNBC. So far, that bet has reaped some dividends, with SoftBank reporting last month that its second-quarter net profit more than doubled to 2.5 trillion yen ($16.6 billion), driven by valuation gains in its OpenAI holdings. In his Monday talk, Son also pushed back against these concerns, arguing that those who talk about an AI bubble are "not smart enough." He predicted that "super [artificial] intelligence" and AI robots will generate at least 10% of global gross domestic product over the long term, which he said would outweigh trillions of dollars of investment into the technology.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/02/why-chinas-real-estate-market-is-still-searching-for-a-bottom-.html
Article: Sales of the top 100 developers plunged 36% in terms of value in November from a year earlier, despite a modest pick-up from a 42% decline in October, according to data published Monday by China Real Estate Information Corp . "The worsening of the property data was real and concerning," Hui Shan, chief China economist at Goldman Sachs, said in a note Monday, suggesting that the likelihood of another round of housing stimulus measures had increased. Beijing's goal to "halt the declines in housing market," announced in September last year, appears "increasingly unrealistic," said William Wu, a property analyst at Daiwa Capital Market, citing "renewed turmoil" in the sector in the fourth quarter amid accelerating home price declines and "resurfacing of high-profile defaults." Government support? In early November, Shenzhen said it would request collateral for pledges for about 20 billion yuan worth of previously unsecured loans to Vanke, rattling creditors and sending bond prices to record lows. The surprise move "reflects a liquidity crisis that will likely end in a comprehensive restructuring," said Cathy Lu, a credit analyst at financial data provider Octus, formerly known as Reorg, adding that a broader wave of extensions or defaults following Vanke's postponement remains unlikely. "The property crisis has weeded out [developers with] weak balance sheets," Lu noted, adding that the government is unlikely to launch a broad bail-out plan to contain Vanke's fall, but focusing on "restructuring" its debt and ensuring home deliveries. Rating agency S & P Global last Friday downgraded Vanke's long-term issue credit ratings to "CCC-" from "CCC" due to heightened risk of a "distressed restructuring" at the embattled developer within the next six months. In May last year, Chinese authorities provided 300 billion yuan to financial institutions to lend to local state-owned enterprises so they can buy unsold apartments that have already been built. The number of completed and unsold inventory stood at about 762 million square meters as of end-August 2025, up from 753 million square meters as of end-December 2024, according S & P Global . Should policy measures become effective in tightening land supplies to developers, which would reduce apartment inventory, home prices could bottom out as early as the first half of 2027, according to Economist Intelligence Unit. The inventory turnover ratio, calculated by dividing residential inventory by average monthly sales, in China has shortened by five months from its peak of 25.9 months in April 2025, EUI economists said in a note last week. At the current pace, it may take another year and a half for the clearance cycle to shorten to 12-18 months — a relatively healthy range by historical standards, the research firm said. Several economists whom CNBC spoke to expect China's authorities to unleash incremental policy easing measures to stem the slump in a sector that has long been an important engine of its economy. The falling prices and fewer property sales have further strained cash-strapped developers, prompting banks to list more foreclosed properties on the market — "this is precisely the type of 'negative feedback loop' that policymakers need to cut off," Goldman's Shan warned. Beijing may consider an "interest-rate subsidy" which would lower homebuyers' cost of mortgages without hurting banks, stabilize home prices and "buy time for a gradual demand-led recovery," according to Morgan Stanley. The Wall Street bank estimates that a 1 percentage point cut in mortgage costs in the second quarter of 2026 could lift new home sales and help ease deflation pressures next year, with prices likely to find a floor in higher-tier cities.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/02/tesla-ceo-elon-musk-bats-for-h-1b-visa-says-tariffs-distort-markets-.html
Article: In a podcast with Indian entrepreneur Nikhil Kamath aired Sunday, Musk said that while some companies had been using the H-1B visa to hire foreign employees at a "fraction of the cost of an American citizen," his firms recruit to make up for the "scarcity of talented people." U.S. did not have "certain talents." "I'm certainly not in the school of thought that we should shut down the H-1B program," Musk said, adding that it would be "very bad."

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/02/asia-pacific-markets-today-tuesday-crypto-bitcoin-nikkei-225-hang-seng-index.html
Article: "We are also removing tariffs on airplane parts and will 'un-stack' Korea's reciprocal rate to match Japan and the EU," Lutnick said, according to an X post by the U.S.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/01/india-industrial-output-in-october-index-production-mining-manufacturing-electricity-factories.html
Article: The Ministry of Statistics & Programme Implementation said the slow industrial production growth could be due to fewer number of working days because of a number of festivals including Dussehra and Deepawali. Dipti Deshpande, principal economist at S&P Global owned Indian research and credit rating company Crisil, said "sturdy consumption demand" will partially offset the negative impact of weaker export demand between October and December, benefitting the manufacturing sector. Robust rural incomes, low inflation, reduced interest rates and tax relief "should keep consumption healthy" she said, adding that government is however "likely to moderate its capex in H2 [October-March] to meet fiscal deficit target amid subdued tax collections." The IIP data tracks short-term changes in output across a basket of industrial products.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/01/china-ratingdog-factory-activity-contracts-in-november-private-survey-rating-dog-sp-pmi.html
Article: Costfoto | Nurphoto | Getty Images China's factory activity unexpectedly contracted in November, according to a private survey released Monday, as soft domestic demand continued to cast a pall over the world's second-largest economy. The private survey, which has typically painted a better picture than the official polls because it focuses on export-oriented manufacturers, signaled a slowdown from 51.2 in September and 50.6 in October. The official manufacturing PMI, released on Sunday, showed China's factory activity shrank for an eighth month in November, coming in at 49.2, although marking a modest improvement from 49.0 in the prior month. The RatingDog private survey covers 650 manufacturers and collects responses in the second half of each month, while the official PMI surveys a larger sample of over 3,000 companies at month-end. "Manufacturing production growth came to a halt as new orders nearly stalled in November," S&P Global and RatingDog said in a statement, despite a notable recovery in new export orders, which expanded at the quickest pace in eight months. "Manufacturers reduced their workforce and purchasing volume, and became more cautious in inventory management," said Yao Yu, founder of financial technology company RatingDog, amid a slowdown in new business growth. Yu expects a "weak expansion" in factory activity in December as policymakers work toward the annual growth target of "around 5%." Separately, the official non-manufacturing PMI, comprising construction and services, fell to 49.5, marking the first contraction for the index since December 2022, the official data showed, dragged by weakness in the real estate and residential services sectors. Economic downswing The readings offered an early glimpse of how the economy fared in November after a slew of data showed the economic slowdown worsened in the final quarter of this year, amid a prolonged housing downturn and sluggish domestic demand.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/01/asia-pacific-markets-today-monday-china-pmi-ratingdog-data-fed-rate-cut.html
Article: Hong Kong-listed firms with exposure to digital assets plunged after the People's Bank of China warned of illegal activities tied to digital currencies and the resurgence of speculation, according to a statement released by the central bank Saturday.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/11/30/china-factory-activity-edges-up-in-november-but-remains-in-contraction.html
Article: - | Afp | Getty Images China's factory activity edged higher in November but remained stuck in contraction for the eighth consecutive month, while services weakened as the boost from earlier holidays faded, according to official data released Sunday. The non-manufacturing business activity index fell to 49.5, down 0.6 points from October, while the composite PMI output index eased to 49.7, indicating a slight pullback in both manufacturing and services activities. Supply and demand in manufacturing improved modestly, said Huo Lihui, chief statistician at the bureau's Service Industry Survey Center, with the production index reaching the 50 threshold and new orders rising to 49.2. Service-sector activity fell to 49.5, down 0.6 percentage points from October, though pockets of strength remained: railway transportation, telecommunications, broadcasting and satellite transmission, and financial services all posted readings above 55.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/11/29/airbus-recall-disrupts-global-travel-a320-jets-grounded-glitch-linked-solar-flares.html
Article: "American expects no further operational impact related to the Emergency Airworthiness Directive and looks forward to the remaining days of the Thanksgiving holiday travel period, especially Sunday, our most-traveled day." Thousands of travelers worldwide were stranded after Airbus ordered immediate software fixes for 6,000 A320-series aircraft, a move that affected more than half of the narrow-body fleet and forced airlines to ground jets during one of the busiest travel weekends of the year. United Airlines said six aircraft in its fleet were affected, and the carrier expected "minor disruption to a few flights." Delta Air Lines said less than 50 of its Airbus A320 fleet were affected.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/11/28/nexperia-crisis-dutch-chipmaker-issues-urgent-plea-to-its-china-unit.html
Article: Dutch chipmaker Nexperia has publicly called on its China unit to help restore supply chain operations, warning in an open letter that customers across industries are reporting "imminent production outages." Nexperia's Dutch unit said Thursday that its open letter followed "repeated attempts to establish direct communication through conventional channels" but did not have "any meaningful response." The letter marks the latest twist in a long-running saga that has threatened global automotive supply chains and stoked a bitter battle between Amsterdam and Beijing over technology transfer. "We welcomed the Chinese authorities' commitment to facilitate the resumption of exports from Nexperia's Chinese facility and that of our subcontractors, enabling the continued flow of our products to global markets," Nexperia's Dutch unit said in the letter. In a statement, Wingtech Technology, Nexperia's Chinese parent company, said on Friday that the Dutch unit's open letter contained "a large number of misleading and untrue allegations." It said the "unlawful deprivation of Wingtech's control and shareholder rights over Nexperia" was the root cause of the ongoing supply chain chaos.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/11/28/baidu-is-major-ai-chip-player-in-china-to-fill-nvidia-gap.html
Article: Tech giant Baidu is emerging as one of China's key artificial intelligence chip players, positioning itself as a challenger to Huawei as both look to fill the void left by industry leader Nvidia being kept out of the country. It has sought to position itself as a so-called "full stack" AI offering with infrastructure made up of chips, servers and data centers, as well as AI models and applications. "Kunlunxin has emerged as a leading domestic AI chip developer, focusing on high- performance AI chips for large language model (LLM) training and inference, cloud computing, and telecom and enterprise workloads," analysts at Deutsche Bank said in a note this month. With Huawei — the leading player through its massive clusters of chips — out of the picture, analysts are suggesting Baidu will fill the void and its chip business is set for explosive growth. "We view Kunlun AI chip as one of the best positioned." The investment bank analysts forecast Baidu chips sales to increase six-fold to reach 8 billion Chinese yuan ($1.1 billion) in 2026.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/11/28/south-korea-sanction-prince-group-chen-zhi-cambodia-scams-huione.html
Article: INCHEON, SOUTH KOREA - OCTOBER 18: Sixty-four South Koreans who had been detained by Cambodian immigration authorities arrive at Incheon International Airport on a chartered flight in Incheon, South Korea, on October 18, 2025. In a statement Thursday, South Korea's Ministry of Foreign Affairs said that the measures mark the country's first independent sanctions regarding transnational crime and the "largest single sanction measure in history," according to a Google translation.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/11/27/puma-shares-chinas-anta-sports-is-reportedly-looking-to-buy-the-firm.html
Article: Photographer: Krisztian Bocsi/Bloomberg via Getty Images Bloomberg | Bloomberg | Getty Images Puma shares finished 18.9% higher on Thursday following a report that China's Anta Sports is among a number of firms looking to buy the struggling German athletic brand. Earlier this month, shares hit their lowest level in more than 10 years, while year-to-date losses amount to more than 50% amid an increasingly competitive sportswear market and tariffs hitting customer sentiment. watch now For Anta, acquiring Puma could be a gateway to the Western world, said Metzler analyst Felix Dennl, noting the Chinese company's strong track record in turning around underperforming assets. "On the one hand, Anta already has broad-based international market exposure via its stake in Amer Group, hence the additional value add from Puma is expected to add to the portfolio is not completely clear," he added.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/11/27/chinese-firms-rush-to-pledge-millions-in-fire-rescue-as-hong-kong-fire-death-toll-climbs-to-55.html
Article: Chinese private firms pledged tens of millions of dollars to support rescue and relief efforts after a deadly residential fire in Hong Kong killed at least 94 people and left hundreds missing. More than 40 private enterprises have committed over HK$600 million in donations to the rescue effort as of Wednesday, according to estimates by The Paper, a news outlet backed by the Shanghai government. Separately, private equity titan Jean Eric Salata, Chairperson of EQT Asia, also pledged HK$10 million through his family office, Central Cove, to fund grief and psychological support, education resources for displaced children, and financial relief for victims' families.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/11/27/cnbc-inside-india-newsletter-labor-code-growth-worker-welfare.html
Article: The big story India lives in contradictions — think landing a spacecraft on moon but not getting basic infrastructure right, or being the world's fastest growing economy that has millions struggling to make ends meet. Last Friday, when the Indian government announced labor reforms, consolidating 29 separate labor laws into four comprehensive codes, it attempted to address these incongruities — balancing business interests with employee welfare. Nurphoto | Nurphoto | Getty Images The implementation of labor codes is the second big reform from the Indian government in less than 90 days, as it strives to boost an economy facing headwinds from U.S. Prime Minister Narendra Modi in a post on X hailed the measures, saying the new codes "will build a future-ready ecosystem that protects the rights of workers and strengthens India's economic growth." The reform is important for India as it addresses the problem of labor rigidity due to which "firms find it expensive to grow," unable to benefit from economies of scale, HSBC said in a note on Wednesday. "Global companies would like to expand domestic manufacturing in India and sourcing from India," said Richard Rossow, senior advisor and chair, India and Emerging Asia Economics, at the Center for Strategic and International Studies. "The compliance leap from informal to formal will now be easier, as the ease of maintaining registers and filling forms reduces the tyranny of a corrupt and rent-seeking bureaucracy." Under the new policy, gig workers will gain access to social security benefits, and startups will be required to allocate up to 2% of their turnover toward building a social security net for these workers. On the flip side, according to a report by Nomura Research, the code makes it easier to retrench workers and "harder for workers to legally conduct strikes." On Wednesday, trade unions backed by opposition political parties organized sporadic protest across the country, calling for a roll back of the reforms. Sanjeeva Reddy, president of the Indian National Trade Union Congress, who led a protest in Hyderabad, a major IT hub in India, told CNBC they want the reforms to be repealed, claiming the measures were "unilaterally approved by the government." India's Ministry of Labor and Employment did not respond to CNBC's request for comments. "While the codes aim to create a unified national framework, states retain the power to frame many operational rules," said Preeti Sharma, partner, global employer services at business advisory firm BDO India. Each state could implement the code differently and it "may be an initial headache for employers" but that is likely to be a transitory issue, said Arjun Paleri, partner at Mumbai-based law firm BTG Advaya. Over the last few years, India has seen a steep rise in the number of startups that employ gig workers for food and goods delivery, quick commerce, personal concierge and home services. According to government estimates, the number of gig workers in India is expected to rise to 23.5 million by fiscal year 2030, from about 10 million in fiscal year 2025. "The e-commerce industries are going to get impacted heavily with much higher running costs given formal recognition of gig workers and platform workers," said Gerald Manoharan, partner at legal firm JSA. "Labour cost already makes up close to 25%-30% of our overall project cost," said Sujay Kalele, founder and CEO of Mumbai-based real estate firm Tru Realty, adding that his firm is expecting baseline labor cost to increase by 5%-10% over the next 18 months. Top TV picks on CNBC watch now Sumit Ritolia, lead research analyst at Kpler, said that Indian refiners will be adjusting their purchases of Russian oil rather than stopping them entirely. watch now Tan Teck Leng, UBS Global Wealth Management's executive director and APAC FX and macro strategist, said that his base case is for the Reserve Bank of India to cut rates one more time. watch now Aditya Suresh, Macquarie Capital's head of India equity research, expects the country's quick-commerce companies to suffer to losses for "several years," beyond the one-year horizon that other analysts expect. Despite the recent crash of the India-made Tejas fighter jet at an airshow in Dubai, investors are bullish on New Delhi's defense ambitions as the country seeks to double its military production to 3 trillion rupees (about $33 billion) by 2029. The law, enacted in 2024, allows India's Competition Commission to use a company's global turnover while imposing fines and it could expose the iPhone maker to a penalty of up to $38 billion, according to a report by Reuters.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/04/-private-credit-mercer-portfolio-alternatives-scramble.html
Article: With more money flowing into private markets, which are under heightened scrutiny from the Bank of England, Niall O'Sullivan, chief investment officer for global solutions at Mercer, told CNBC that such a shift demands more rigorous investor analysis, especially in untested areas like private credit. Equities indices are becoming increasingly concentrated, dominated by a handful of tech behemoths, and concerns over an AI bubble have prompted investors to seek out portfolio diversifiers, including hedge funds, private equity and private credit. "When I look around the world, and talk to global investors, they are asking themselves how they get diversification into their portfolio," O'Sullivan told CNBC's "Squawk Box Europe" on Thursday. He said that "genuine diversifiers" — such as hedge funds — are "something that people are looking at live at the moment." But he warned: "If you're going to do it, make sure you're getting what you set out to get." Earlier this year, research by index provider PivotalPath suggested that many hedge fund strategies are now showing a historically high correlation to the S & P 500 stock markets. If you are going to add diversifiers to your portfolio, you have got to make sure that the managers you are adding have achieved that diversification in the past and will do so in the future." PwC analysis underlines the surge in appetite for alternative investment, particularly private markets. Its latest 2025 Global Asset & Wealth Management Report said private market revenues are expected to reach $432.2 billion, growing at a compounded annual growth rate of 8.2% and delivering more than half of the total asset management industry's revenues by 2030. With cash returns now trending downward, private credit offers investors a premium over cash rates, while the asset class' floating rate nature provides a diversifier to fixed income risk, Taylor said. The Bank of England announced on Thursday the launch of a new system-wide exploratory scenario focused on private markets, amid ongoing concerns surrounding hidden risks , particularly in private credit. The move follows the launch of a separate inquiry by the House of Lords Financial Services Regulation Committee into the growth of private markets, which is expected to report its findings next year. "To keep delivering those benefits, we need a robust understanding of how risks might flow through the financial system in a stress." Speaking to CNBC, O'Sullivan warned that "we haven't seen a crisis" yet in private credit.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/04/european-markets-expected-to-open-higher-ukraine-peace-talks-in-focus-.html
Article: Apparel companies book-ended the index on Wednesday as Zara's parent company Inditex topped the Stoxx 600 after it reported strong nine-month results on Wednesday, closing the session 10% higher and extending gains on Thursday as it advanced 2.7%. Shares of Jeep owner Stellantis advanced around 3.6%, cementing Wednesday's gains, after Swiss investment bank UBS upgraded the stock to a Buy rating and advised investors to bet on the firm's "American comeback." UBS said it expects Stellantis to regain market share by around 120 basis points year-on-year in 2026, adding that the car maker would also get a boost from relaxed U.S. On currency, the euro hit a seven-week high of $1.167 against the dollar on Wednesday, as the greenback continues to see some depreciation despite stabilizing somewhat in the second half of the year. Markets are pricing a roughly 89% chance of a rate cut during the upcoming meeting, which is much higher than the odds from mid-November, according to the CME FedWatch tool.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/03/airbus-cut-its-delivery-guidance-a320.html
Article: Airbus later said it had identified a quality issue regarding a "limited number" of metal panels, and that the source of the issue has been "identified and contained." It came after the company ordered an immediate software fix for around 6,000 A320-series aircrafts on Friday, forcing a large chunk of it's narrow-body fleet to be grounded, stranding travellers worldwide. The company attributed the revised delivery guidance to "recent supplier quality issue on fuselage panels impacting its A320 Family delivery flow." The company is now targeting 790 commercial aircraft deliveries in 2025, 30 fewer than its previous guidance. It maintained its financial guidance given in late October, still seeing adjusted earnings before interest and taxes of 7 billion euros and free cash flow before customer financing of around 4.5 billion euros.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/03/luxury-could-diverge-further-in-2026-analysts-say-heres-how.html
Article: Next year, the sector will finally return to growth, market watchers say, yet companies' performance is likely to diverge based on their level of exposure to different segments of the customer base, making stock picking key for luxury investors in 2026. "High-end jewelry, watches – the hard luxury, the ultra-luxury – is doing well, but the middle has fallen off, and the bottom is falling out," founder of 5 New Digital Michael Zakkour, told CNBC's "Squawk Box" on Friday. "The aspirational luxury buyer has virtually disappeared." 'Soft luxury' like leather goods, handbags and clothing is in a tough spot, said Zakkour, "because the aspirational luxury buyer who might be saving for a long time to buy a $3,000 handbag, they're just not doing it anymore." Polarized performance J.P. UBS is cautiously optimistic about soft luxury names and expects an uptick for them in 2026 but still foresees a continued outperformance of jewelry which typically relies on a more affluent customer base. "Burberry has shown a stabilization of its sales densities in the last 12 months; however, we think execution risk becomes higher from here, now that some of the easy fixes (e.g. Morgan's head of European luxury, told CNBC in November that it is "early to call it a turnaround and a complete inflection," and that the improvement came against an easy comparison base.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/03/musks-starlink-rival-eutelsat-shares-softbank.html
Article: French satellite group Eutelsat , often seen as Europe's answer to Elon Musk's Starlink, saw its share price plummet Wednesday following a report that Japanese investor SoftBank had sold subscription rights in the company. The moves come following a Reuters report that SoftBank has sold 36 million rights, which would correspond to around 26 million shares and around half its stake in the satellite operator.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/03/uk-exchange-newsletter-reeves-budget-dismays-investors-with-tax-relief-cut.html
Article: Reeves announced she was widening eligibility for the Enterprise Investment Scheme (EIS) and its sister scheme, Venture Capital Trusts (VCTs), "so scale-ups can attract the talent and the capital that they need." VCTs are publicly listed investment vehicles, run by fund managers, offering investors exposure to a portfolio of young, high-risk companies. government offers generous incentives: investors may invest up to £200,000 ($263,975) each tax year, while dividends paid by VCTs are tax-free and gains are not subject to Capital Gains Tax. She went on to say that this would involve "re-engineering our Enterprise Investment and Venture Capital Trust schemes so they don't just back early-stage ideas — but stay with companies as they grow." Any entrepreneur hearing those words, in isolation, would have been delighted. scale-ups." He pointed to a 2023 survey, commissioned by HM Revenue & Customs, the U.K.'s tax authority, that showed tax relief was the single most important motivator for investors and that the number of VCT investors would probably fall if the incentives were reduced. A 'Black Friday rush' Alex Davies, chief executive of the investment platform Wealth Club, said that in 2006-07, when up-front tax relief was cut from 40% to 30%, the amount raised by VCTs fell 65% and took more than a decade to recover to previous levels. He said this year's announced cut had sparked a "Black Friday rush" before the relief cut for the top VCT managers, with his platform seeing a 538% rise in applications the day after the Budget. Peter Hicks, research analyst at the investment firm Chelsea Financial Services, told Trustnet, the investment research and data platform, that the move was "utterly nonsensical," adding: "Rachel Reeves is performing impressive mental gymnastics to badge this as a 'pro-growth' Budget while simultaneously draining the lifeblood from the very companies that drive growth." And Kallum Pickering, chief economist at the investment bank Peel Hunt, called it a "stupid change." The Treasury's justification is that it plans to raise VCT and EIS limits to allow investors to follow-on as companies grow beyond the startup phase and to incentivise funds to support high-growth companies. What that means in practice is that companies qualifying for an EIS or inclusion in the portfolio of a VCT will be able to raise more money than they could previously, significantly so in some cases, particularly those that the Treasury calls "knowledge intensive companies." Previously, VCT investee companies could receive an annual maximum of £5 million worth of investment and a lifetime maximum of £12 million (£12 million and £20 million for knowledge intensive companies), but these limits will now rise to £10 million and £24 million (£20 million and £40 million for knowledge intensive companies). In fairness to the Treasury, the industry campaigned before the Budget for increases in the limits, arguing that they had been eroded by inflation since they were last changed in 2016. The Treasury expects to be £125 million better off in 2027-28 as a result of this measure and by £95 million in each of the subsequent two tax years — more than making up for the cost of extending the scheme limits. According to the latest Treasury statistics, VCTs issued £873 million worth of shares in the 2023-24 tax year, down 17% on the previous year, while VCT investors claimed tax relief on £810 million worth of investment, down 19% on the previous year. Top TV picks on CNBC watch now Megan Greene, external member of the Monetary Policy Committee at the Bank of England discusses the inflation outlook, the impact of the Autumn Budget on monetary policy and her forecast for U.K. watch now IIF CEO Tim Adams says Chancellor Rachel Reeves was dealt a bad hand in the run up to her budget, as Reeves faces accusations of lying about the state of the country's finances. — Megan Greene, external member of the Monetary Policy Committee at the Bank of England In the markets London-listed stocks have moved slightly higher over the past week, taking the FTSE 100 closer to passing the 10,000-point milestone.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/02/mistral-unveils-new-ai-models-in-bid-to-compete-with-openai-google.html
Article: The French company's announcement follows on from model releases from the likes of DeepSeek and Google in recent weeks, as AI labs across the globe scramble to remain at the frontier of research while also building out commercial operations. Mistral's release includes a large model which it claims is the "world's best open-weight multimodal and multilingual." It also announced the release of a small model the company says can be used in robotics, devices and drones. "This spectrum of models further extends our customers' applied AI capabilities to robotics, autonomous drones, and small on-device applications without network access, as well as the world's largest enterprise agentic workflows."

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/02/nvidia-backed-startup-luma-ai-announces-major-london-expansion.html
Article: The Palo Alto-headquartered startup will look to hire around 200 employees — making up around 40% of its workforce — at its new London base by early 2027, across research, engineering, partnerships and strategic development. The expansion comes two weeks on from Luma announcing a $900 million funding round led by Saudi Public Investment Fund-owned AI company Humain, which saw it hit a valuation upwards of $4 billion. Luma is building "world models," a class of AI models that are able to learn from video, audio and images, alongside text, and which large language models (LLMs) like those powering OpenAI's ChatGPT and Google's Gemini use. "With this Series C raise and the upcoming build-out of global compute infrastructure, we have the capital and capacity to bring world-scale AI to creatives everywhere," said Amit Jain, CEO and co-founder of Luma AI.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/02/fear-of-missing-out-may-be-fueling-ai-rally-says-ecb.html
Article: The ECB's review is designed to highlight potential risks to financial stability, Julien Lafargue, chief market strategist at Barclays Private Bank and Wealth Management pointed out, "even if the probability of those risks materialising is low." Valuations are "not cheap" but companies are delivering on growth, he told CNBC, calling for differentiation across specific sectors.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/01/uk-fiscal-watchdog-chair-quits-over-mistakenly-published-budget-report.html
Article: The Office of Budget Responsibility (OBR) released its economic and fiscal forecasts on the budget's measures about 40 minutes before Chancellor Rachel Reeves was due to begin delivering it last Wednesday, sending yields on British government debt see-sawing. In a letter addressed to Reeves and Dame Meg Hillier, a lawmaker who chairs parliament's Treasury Select Committee, Hughes said that the "inadvertent early dissemination of our Economic and fiscal outlook on 26 November was a technical but serious error." The OBR has submitted a report to the Treasury and the Treasury Committee of the House of Commons detailing how and why the early release happened, and "identifies the further actions the Office will take to ensure that it never happens again," the letter stated. "By implementing the recommendations in this report, I am certain the OBR can quickly regain and restore the confidence and esteem that it has earned through 15 years of rigorous, independent, economic analysis," he added. Reeves responded by thanking Hughes "for his public service and for leading the Office for Budget Responsibility over the past five years and for his many years of public service." "This government is committed to protecting the independence of the OBR and the integrity of our fiscal framework and institutions," she added.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/01/airbus-share-prices-falls-on-report-of-quality-issue-on-a320-aircraft.html
Article: The flaw, which is said to affect the aircraft's fuselage panels, is delaying some deliveries but there are no immediate indications that it has reached aircraft in service, Reuters reported, citing unnamed sources. In response, Airbus confirmed it had identified a quality issue regarding a "limited number" of A320 metal panels, saying the source of the issue has been "identified and contained." CNBC has contacted Airbus for comment. The latest report comes after Airbus said the vast majority of the roughly 6,000 A320-family aircraft impacted by a software glitch over the weekend had now received the necessary modifications. In a statement published Monday, Airbus apologized for delays caused to passengers and airlines impacted by the software issue, which affected more than half of the narrow-body fleet and forced airlines to ground jets during one of the busiest travel weekends of the year.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/01/bitcoin-ethereum-fall-sharply-as-crypto-sell-off-resumes-.html
Article: In Asia, a statement by the People's Bank of China on Saturday warning of illegal activities relating to digital currencies heaped pressure on Hong Kong-listed shares of digital assets-related companies, which retreated during Monday's session. Ben Emons, founder and CIO of Fedwatch Advisors, said that people remain "nervous" following the recent bitcoin sell-off, adding that Monday's reversal has broadly been attributed to a $400 million exchange liquidation. watch now Monday's dip came on the back of a sharp sell-off in October, which also moved the stock market, Emons said, with bitcoin showing greater correlation with certain indexes including the Nasdaq.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/11/28/goldman-sachs-investor-poll-gold-can-top-5k-in-2026-.html
Article: Gold has been on a tear this year, and now a Goldman Sachs survey shows many investors think the precious metal will hit a new all-time high of $5,000 by the end of 2026. In a survey of more than 900 institutional investor clients on Goldman Sachs' Marquee platform, 36% of respondents — the largest cohort — expect gold to maintain its momentum and exceed $5,000 per troy ounce by the end of next year.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/11/28/swiss-voters-to-decide-on-inheritance-tax-rise-for-ultra-wealthy.html
Article: Billionaire count: 57Total wealth: $125 billionKnown as the playground of the rich and famous, Switzerland is 8th in the global billionaire sweepstakes and ranks 7th as the home of those worth $30 million and more, or the ultra-wealthy.Switzerland's billionaires represent the top one percent of its 5,597 ultra-wealthy population and control more than 19 percent of the total fortune of this group. Powerful Swiss business lobby Economiesuisse called talk of the inheritance tax a "superfluous and damaging discussion." It welcomed the proposal's defeat, saying: "The threat of forced sales of companies and the resulting weakening of the business location have convinced those entitled to vote from all political camps." The proposal came from the youth wing of the country's left-wing Social Democrats.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/11/28/black-friday-ai-agentic-shopping-comes-with-its-own-perils.html
Article: Lisa Maree Williams | Getty Images The emergence of AI shopping doesn't just give consumers access to personalized advice and hassle-free shopping, it also brings with it an increased risk of digital fraud. This Black Friday, for the first time, consumers and retailers alike are being warned about the perils of so-called "agentic shopping," as consumers turn to large language models to search for products, compare offerings, receive personalized recommendations, and even make purchases without much human input. "It definitely makes my life easier… but at the same time, it also makes fraudsters' life substantially easier as well," said Michael Reitblat, CEO of Forter, an identity intelligence company that works on fraud prevention. "Think of it as sending thousands of robots into different stores to masquerade as good consumers," Reitblat told CNBC's "Squawk Box Europe." watch now While some retailers' knee-jerk reaction has been to simply ban AI purchases, that could be a faulty strategy as more and more consumers use AI for shopping and that is driving good quality traffic, Reitblat said. A report by McKinsey & Company and The Business of Fashion found that among fashion executives, AI and digital tools were seen as the single biggest opportunity for the industry in 2026. To ensure products are visible and favored by AI models, brands must rethink marketing and e-commerce strategies, the report noted, adding that semantically rich data and API-accessible content will be critical to success. "You need to make sure that you're leveraging better data than fraudsters may have, and you need to properly think of: how do you authenticate the consumers?" Shaky consumer confidence Value-conscious consumers is another factor retailers have to deal with this year as heightened trade tensions and worries about a slowing economy impact consumers' spending habits.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/11/28/leonardo-unveils-michelangelo-dome-ai-powered-shield-system.html
Article: and subsidiaries) Italian defense company Leonardo on Thursday unveiled plans for an AI-powered shield for cities and critical infrastructure, adding to Europe's push to ramp up sovereign defense capabilities amid rising geopolitical tensions. Leonardo's shares were marginally higher Thursday and is up around 77% since January, amid a year of steep rises for defense stocks across Europe as the region's governments have hiked defense spending. "In a world where threats evolve rapidly and become ever more complex — and where defending is costlier than attacking — defense must innovate, anticipate and embrace international cooperation," said Cingolani, during an event on Thursday evening. Airbus CEO Guillaume Faury told CNBC earlier on Thursday that the protocols to exchange data between countries and teams on the battlefield were still "still quite limited," adding it could take a decade to build out Europe's "digital battlefield."

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/11/28/rare-earths-the-push-to-develop-europes-critical-mineral-discoveries.html
Article: Bernd Lauter | Getty Images News | Getty Images Two Nordic mining companies at the heart of Europe's push to achieve resource security are taking novel — albeit very different — approaches. Under its forthcoming "RESourceEU" initiative, the 27-nation bloc intends to step up its efforts to secure access to domestic sources of critical raw materials in both the short- and long-term. Alf Reistad, CEO of mining firm Rare Earths Norway, told CNBC that there's been a clear shift in terms of how both domestic and EU policymakers are thinking about mineral supply chains. We have always said that we are too early until we are too late." In June last year, Rare Earths Norway announced the discovery of Europe's largest known rare earths deposit, reflecting what was seen as a watershed moment in the region's pursuit of strategic autonomy. It's estimated that the firm's Fen Carbonatite Complex, situated in the small industrial town of Ulefoss in southern Norway, contains 8.8 million metric tons of total rare earth oxides (TREOs). It looks like it is for us at the moment, but it's not something that you'd say, 'oh it's a no brainer, just run for it.' Niklas Johansson Spokesperson at LKAB Notably, roughly 1.5 million tons of these TREOs are thought to contain highly prized magnet-related rare earths, such as neodymium and praseodymium. Rare Earths Norway said it is currently in close cooperation with the local municipality and national authorities over a zoning plan and hopes to present a prefeasibility study by the end of the year. To help reach these targets, Rare Earths Norway has been lobbying for domestic and EU policymakers to consider fast-track permitting and price guarantees, saying such measures will be pivotal to its success. Reistad compared the firm's push to deliver on its resource potential to participating in the Enhanced Games, a controversial event that allows athletes to take banned performance enhancing drugs under medical supervision. "If you look now at what you see with China and the U.S., they are competing in a kind of Enhanced Games, and it's not possible for us to compete at all if we have no security," Reistad said. European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen delivers her speech during a debate on the new 2028-2034 Multi-annual Financial Framework at the European Parliament in Brussels on November 12, 2025. Nicolas Tucat | Afp | Getty Images A spokesperson for the European Commission, the EU's executive arm, told CNBC that the bloc has a "clear vision" to ensure the secure and sustainable access to raw materials. An 'invisible mine' To develop its discovery, Rare Earths Norway is planning to extract rare earths from its Fen site using an "invisible mine" concept to avoid surface disruption and environmental impact. "It's important that people on top of the deposit are safe," Reistad said, who compared the concept to that of a "Kinder Egg." "So, if you have seen in the project by LKAB in Kiruna, they have to move the town. An Arctic city on the move Swedish state-owned mining firm LKAB, which operates far above the Arctic Circle in the city of Kiruna, is taking a completely different approach to Europe's growing appetite for raw materials. The company announced in January 2023 what was then considered to be Europe's largest known deposit of rare earths, describing the discovery as "good news" for Sweden, Europe and the climate. The extensive urban relocation project received international attention in August, when workers successfully moved a 113-year-old wooden church five kilometers (3 miles) down the road over the course of two days. Jonathan Nackstrand | Afp | Getty Images Like Rare Earths Norway, LKAB's Johansson said the company is currently in discussion with European lawmakers to ensure that it will be economically viable to develop its resources. It looks like it is for us at the moment, but it's not something that you'd say, 'oh it's a no brainer, just run for it,'" Johansson told CNBC by telephone. "I also tell them that if it looks like this for us, who has most of the infrastructure and everything in place, how do you think it will look for others in Europe?" Mineral sovereignty

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/11/27/autumn-budget-what-rachel-reeves-tax-hikes-mean-for-uk-assets.html
Article: "It is a cost that not only reduces the value of savings but also increases the cost of equity capital for U.K.-listed companies, potentially leading to lower valuations." However, the overall policy mix unveiled on Wednesday left many investors feeling optimistic about the outlook for tradeable U.K. It doesn't change much in the way we should think about investing but clears some of the uncertainty we think has been holding back household spending and investing, and companies investing and hiring." The budget is not pleasant, but it is not Armageddon Global head of research at Invesco Benjamin Jones When it comes to U.K. The yield on the benchmark 10-year gilt was last seen trading 5 basis points higher at 4.479% — but Gkeka argued that yields had shown modest movements around the budget "in the grand scheme of things." "This stability is positive for investors, reflecting a more predictable market environment and provides attractive entry points for long-term exposure to elevated real yields," she said. Sally Conway, savings expert at Shawbrook — a British lender that listed on the London market last month — said cutting the cash ISA allowance delivers a blow to many savers. Shopping around for competitive rates, using a mix of easy access and [fixed-term] products, and ensuring emergency savings sit in the most appropriate accounts can help soften the impact of this change." Reeves also announced Wednesday that existing taxes on savings interest will rise by 2 percentage points in 2027. taxpayers do not pay savings tax, but for those who are liable, income tax for savings income will be 22%, the higher rate will be 42%, and the additional rate will be 47%. [But] if your property is significantly above the threshold and you already feel over-housed or want to release equity, downsizing can meaningfully reduce your long-term expenses." Meanwhile, Nick Mann, private client property partner at law firm Collyer Bristow, warned the new tax could have unintended consequences for the U.K.'s wider real estate market. "Whilst the market below [the threshold] will be buoyant, it will have a significant impact on slowing the market for properties valued above £2 million, particularly in London and the southeast [of England]." Pensions Private pensions are also subject to the tax hikes, with tax breaks on salary sacrifice pension contributions set to be reduced from 2029. "While salary sacrifice currently helps workers save up to 8% employee NI on the cost of their pension contributions, the savings on offer are bigger for employers," Young said in a note. Some generous employers have previously rewarded employees by sharing all or some of their saving, but it's likely the added costs to payroll will lead to reward schemes being watered down or withdrawn." Frances Li, founder and director of London-based Biscuit Recruitment, labeled the changes to pension savings "a hit to mid-career professionals." "Now they face a difficult choice: Save for the future or protect their take-home pay.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/11/27/airbus-ceo-europes-digital-battlefield-will-take-10-years.html
Article: CEO Guillaume Faury, who has urged the continent to collaborate more on defense since Russia's invasion of Ukraine, told CNBC the protocols to exchange data between countries and teams on the battlefield were still "still quite limited." The planemaker and defense company is part of efforts to improve information - sharing between European countries through what Faury called a "combat cloud," to better share data between "satellites, tankers, fighter jets, helicopters, and also objects on the ground" for security purposes. "That's a key enabler of the future digital battlefield that is going to take place when there is confrontation in the future," Faury told CNBC's Charlotte Reed in a fireside chat at the Adopt AI conference in Paris this week. "When we create players at scale, we can compete with the Americans or the Chinese." Faury has been vocal about his frustration about defense efforts since Russia's full-scale invasion of Ukraine in 2022. In October Airbus, signed a Memorandum of Understanding with Italy's Leonardo and France's Thales to combine their space projects in a bid to establish a European leader that can rival the likes of Elon Musk 's Starlink. Faury said he expected Airbus' three-way partnership to "be able to fuel innovation, to do the right level of investments in Europe, for Europe and also for the rest of the world."

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/11/27/saba-capitals-boaz-weinstein-targets-baillie-gifford-run-tech-trust-.html
Article: Boaz Weinstein is calling for the removal of the entire board of a tech-focused fund managed by Baillie Gifford, in a bid to reverse what the activist investor sees as "unprecedented" value destruction. In a letter to the Edinburgh Worldwide Investment Trust's board on Thursday, Weinstein — whose activist investment firm Saba Capital owns around 30% of shares in the trust — said the board has "objectively and categorically failed" to deliver the performance expected by shareholders. EWIT's portfolio comprises a global mix of smaller and emerging public and private companies focused on tech innovation and transformation, that target "significant disruptive growth potential," according to the London-listed Baillie Gifford's website. Weinstein said EWIT's net asset value is down 30.8% over the past five years, while its share price return has fallen 35%, having "massively underperformed" its self-selected benchmark, the FTSE All-Share Index, which is up 71.4% over the same period.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/11/27/europes-slow-and-steady-approach-to-ai-could-be-its-edge.html
Article: But the very factors that challenge its growth as a major player may yet give it an edge when it comes to future-proofing the critical warehouses that power the AI boom. The world is racing to double, if not triple, the entire data center capacity that has been built over the last forty years, Pankaj Sachdeva told CNBC, McKinsey senior partner in technology, with McKinsey estimating that build-out will cost up to $7 trillion by 2030. On the losing side is again Germany, the U.K., Ireland and the Netherlands, "where, basically either we just don't have the grid capacity right now or we've got such a shortage in the system that there's effectively a moratorium for the foreseeable future," Jags Walia, head of global listed infrastructure at Van Lanschot Kempen told CNBC. has like 5,400." Constraints are resulting in some a diversification away from the traditional FLAP-D markets of Frankfurt, London, Amsterdam, Paris, and Dublin, and driving investment in data centers where resources are plentiful and stable. Where Europe, from my perspective, stands out as quite interesting is it feels like a much more safer investment case Seb Dooley Senior Fund Manager at Principal Asset Management There have also been some efforts to develop projects faster. A powerful bottleneck Energy consumption from power-hungry data centers could more than double to 1,000 terawatt-hours (TWh) in 2026, up from 460 TWh in 2022 and largely driven by AI, per the International Energy Agency. At the same time, the steady pace of change allows developers to be more deliberate about what they build, where, and how — meaning Europe could put greater emphasis on state-of-the-art facilities. The quickest way for Europe to get around these challenges is not to wait on new grid connection but to say 'where do I currently have good grid connection to an industry in decline?', Walia said, as such sites can be repurposed from industrial to tech hubs. The opportunity in AI inference It's unlikely that Europe will lead in building facilities for AI hyperscalers or for the training of AI — that race is considered all but won — but the general consensus is that it could excel in smaller, cloud-focused and connectivity-style facilities that require huge amounts of fiber going in and out of them, as well those designed for AI inference. As such, the continent isn't seeing "too many" massive data center sites being announced relating to AI, nor "the slightly overpriced nature" of them, according to Seb Dooley, senior fund manager at Principal Asset Management. Zoom In Icon Arrows pointing outwards It is largely driven by AI, but non-AI workloads are also expected to tick upwards Principal Asset Management expects AI inference to take place in the same facilities as cloud, which has already happened at some of its U.S. However, it has different technical requirements; density tends to be higher than the 20 kilowatts a rack for traditional cloud, meaning data centers that want to do both must factor that in. "That just means that you have to design these facilities to be sort of flexible and robust so that you can change between the two different systems as requirements change, Dooley added. The risk of stranded assets The pace of AI development has led to widespread chatter of a bubble, which would result in piles of stranded assets if it were to pop. If AI keeps its cadence, which many believe it will, there is still a risk that data centers built today won't be suitable in the future as AI's technical needs will change. But Dooley expects that tight regulations will work in Europe's favor in the long-run, as data centers will be integrated into local communities "rather than just being a complete blight on everyone's life that they can sometimes be," he said, noting that sustainability is one area where the bloc has been "very good at innovating."

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/11/26/why-medicare-price-cuts-matter-for-novo-nordisk-european-pharma.html
Article: The IRA, voted into law in 2022, allows the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS) to negotiate prices for a number of drugs each year for patients in Medicare, the federal health insurance program for seniors. Late Tuesday, the CMS announced newly negotiated prices for 15 blockbuster drugs from 2027, including Novo Nordisk's mega bestseller Ozempic which will see a 71% discount to its list price. watch now "Whether through the Inflation Reduction Act or President Trump's Most Favored Nation policy, this is what serious, fair, and disciplined negotiation looks like," said CMS Deputy Administrator Chris Klomp in a statement. could have a dramatic effect on companies' top and bottom lines, but companies are finding ways to mitigate the impact by making deals with the Trump administration to voluntarily lower certain prices, as well as pledge investments in U.S.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/11/26/uk-government-borrowing-costs-fall-as-obr-forecasts-released-early.html
Article: LONDON, UNITED KINGDOM - MARCH 26, 2025: Britain's Chancellor of the Exchequer Rachel Reeves leaves 11 Downing Street ahead of the announcement of the Spring Statement in the House of Commons in London, United Kingdom on March 26, 2025. (Photo credit should read Wiktor Szymanowicz/Future Publishing via Getty Images) Yields on the benchmark 10-year gilt were last seen 6 basis points lower, while shorter-term 5-year gilt yields fell by more than 5 basis points. As she began speaking, Reeves labeled the early release of the OBR's outlook "deeply disappointing and a serious error on their part." In a statement, the OBR said the link to its outlook went live on its website "too early this morning" and had since been removed. In its report, the fiscal watchdog gave details of tax-raising measures that will be announced in the budget, including freezes on income tax thresholds, taxes on private pension contributions that exceed £2,000 a year, new mileage-based taxes on electric vehicles, and an annual tax on homes valued above £2 million ($2.6 million). New spending policies, including the removal of a so-called two-child limit on welfare, will increase public borrowing by £7 billion next year, the OBR forecast, and by £11 billion in 2029-30.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/03/israel-launches-airstrike-in-southern-gaza-after-earlier-attack-by-militants-wounded-5-soldiers.html
Article: Earlier Wednesday, Israel received remains of what could be one of the last hostages in Gaza and said it would begin allowing Palestinians to leave the war-torn territory through a border crossing with Egypt. Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said Hamas violated the ceasefire Wednesday when, according to the army, militants emerged from an underground tunnel and attacked Israeli soldiers in an area under their control. Once the last hostages' remains are returned and Israel releases more Palestinian prisoners in exchange, the U.S.-backed ceasefire plan is supposed to advance to the next phases, which call for creating an international stabilization force, forming a technocratic Palestinian government and disarming Hamas. Last hostages in Gaza are an Israeli and Thai national Earlier on Wednesday, Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said forensic testing showed that partial remains returned by militants on Tuesday did not match either of the hostages still in Gaza. Opening of Rafah crossing complicated by dispute The Israeli military body charged with facilitating aid to Gaza, COGAT, said Israel would coordinate with Egypt on the exit of Palestinians, under the supervision of a mission from the European Union. State Department's Bureau of Near-Eastern Affairs, writing on X, cast the opening of the crossing as a measure that would afford "the most vulnerable Gazans" access to better medical care. Citing an unnamed Egyptian official, Egypt's State Information Service said, if an agreement is reached, the crossing will be opened for travel in both directions in accordance with the ceasefire plan advanced by U.S. Fighting in Gaza leads to 1 Palestinian death, several injured Israelis In the southern city of Rafah, four Israeli soldiers were injured, one seriously, after being attacked by militants who emerged from an underground tunnel, the Israeli military said. Health officials in Gaza have said they have only been able to identify a fraction of the bodies handed over by Israel, and the process is complicated by a lack of DNA testing kits.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/03/trump-pardons-texas-democratic-rep-cuellar-in-bribery-and-conspiracy-case.html
Article: Trump, who has argued that his own legal troubles were a partisan witch hunt, said on social media without presenting evidence that Cuellar and his wife, Imelda Cuellar, were prosecuted because the congressman had been critical of President Joe Biden's immigration policies. Trump, a Republican, said in a social media post that Cuellar "bravely spoke out against Open Borders" and accused Biden, a Democrat, of going after the congressman and his wife "simply for speaking the TRUTH." Federal authorities had charged Cuellar and his wife with accepting thousands of dollars in exchange for the congressman advancing the interests of an Azerbaijan-controlled energy company and a bank in Mexico. "Your nightmare is finally over!" Cuellar, who has served in Congress for more than 20 years, is a moderate Democrat who represents an area on the Texas-Mexico border and has a history of breaking with his party when it comes to immigration and firearms. Trump did not pardon Adams, but after Trump took office, the Justice Department moved to drop the case against the mayor, who had begun working with the Republican administration on immigration issues.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/03/russia-ready-for-war-with-europe-putin-says-before-ukraine-peace-talks.html
Article: and Russia on Tuesday failed to deliver a breakthrough with Russian President Vladimir Putin ahead of discussions doubling down on threats toward Europe, saying Russia was "ready" for war with the Continent. President Donald Trump's special envoy, Steve Witkoff, and son-in-law Jared Kushner had traveled to Moscow for talks with Putin and his closest aides on a draft peace plan aimed at ending the almost four-year war in Ukraine. The talks lasted five hours, Russian presidential aide Yuri Ushakov told reporters after the discussions, saying the meeting focused on a U.S.-drafted peace plan and was "very useful, constructive, and highly informative" but that there was more work to be done. Kremlin Press Office/Anadolu via Getty Images Russia and Ukraine are miles apart when it comes to central elements of a framework peace agreement, with Moscow demanding that Kyiv cede partially occupied territory in the east of the country to Russia, and disagreeing over Western-backed security guarantees for Ukraine. "Some things were accepted, some things were marked as unacceptable — this is a normal working process of finding a compromise." 'Ready' for war The talks in Moscow came after Putin launched a tirade against Europe, saying that its counter peace proposals were "absolutely unacceptable" for Russia, and that the region's leadership had "no peace agenda." "We're not going to war with Europe; I've said that a hundred times. Russian President Vladimir Putin speaks, as he visits the command post of the Russian forces "West" grouping in the course of Russia-Ukraine conflict, in unidentified location, in this still image taken from video released Nov. There are concerns that Trump, who has appeared to have a warmer relationship with Putin than with Ukraine's president, Volodymyr Zelenskyy, at times, could throw his support behind Russia's peace proposals in a bid to end the war sooner rather than later. Eager to appear optimistic over the prospect of peace, Zelenskyy told Irish lawmakers on Tuesday that Ukraine was "closer to peace than ever before" and that there was a "real, real chance" of an agreement after talks with Washington. No hurry for a deal Geopolitical experts say the Kremlin is willing to eke out the peace process for as long as possible, with Russia maintaining that it has the advantage on the battlefield and can extract heavy concessions from Ukraine in the peace process. I'm afraid that our prognosis, and it has been from the start, is that this is going to be a very long drawn-out problem." Michael Froman, president of the Council on Foreign Relations, said it was in Putin's "interest just to keep the process going, to have a long process of diplomatic engagement." watch now "He wants to have a broader conversation about Russia's reintegration with the West and relations with the United States, commercial agreements with the United States, and to make this long and drawn out while he continues to bomb Ukraine's energy infrastructure and makes incremental progress on the ground," Froman told CNBC's "Squawk Box" on Tuesday.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/02/trump-takes-aim-at-biden-pardons-with-new-autopen-directive.html
Article: "Anyone receiving 'Pardons,' 'Commutations,' or any other Legal Document so signed, please be advised that said Document has been fully and completely terminated, and is of no Legal effect," Trump wrote on Truth Social.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/02/trump-usda-snap-funding-rollins.html
Article: Agriculture Secretary Brooke Rollins on Tuesday threatened to cut off federal funding to Democratic-leaning states over what she alleged is their refusal to share SNAP program data with the Trump administration. The administration "will begin to stop moving federal funds into those states" starting next week "until they comply," Rollins told President Donald Trump during a Cabinet meeting at the White House. Kathy Hochul, responding to Rollins in an X post, wrote, "Genuine question: Why is the Trump Administration so hellbent on people going hungry?" Rollins said her department needs the state-by-state data on the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program, known as food stamps, "to root out this fraud and to protect the American taxpayer." The secretary said the U.S. Department of Agriculture in February had asked all 50 states "for the first time to turn over their data to the federal government." She said 29 "red states" complied, but 21 "blue states continue to say no." The noncompliant states include California, New York and Minnesota, Rollins said. A USDA spokesperson later specified in a statement to CNBC, "28 States and Guam joined us in this fight; but states like California, New York, and Minnesota, among 19 other blue States, keep fighting us." The department had "established a SNAP integrity team" to analyze state data and "end indiscriminate welfare fraud," the spokesperson said. "We have sent Democrat States yet another request for data, and if they fail to comply, they will be provided with formal warning that USDA will pull their administrative funds." Massachusetts has not yet received any notice from the Trump administration about withheld federal funds, Gov. But Healey nevertheless called Rollins' threat "truly appalling and cruel." "The Trump Administration is once again playing politics with the ability of working parents with children, seniors and people with disabilities to get food," the governor said in a statement. Gavin Newsom, told CNBC, "We no longer take the Trump Administration's words at face value — we'll see what they actually do in reality." Saldivar added: "Cutting programs that feed American children is morally repugnant." Critics have long accused the Trump administration of seeking to weaken food-stamp programs. Rollins at the Cabinet meeting said SNAP suffers from "rampant fraud." But a fact sheet from the USDA's Food and Nutrition Service, citing fiscal year 2023 data, says, "The majority of SNAP benefits are used as intended." Out of nearly 262,000 authorized SNAP retailers, 1,980 were disqualified and 561 were fined in that time period, according to the fact sheet.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/02/trump-cabinet-meeting-hegseth-boat-strikes.html
Article: Please refresh the page if you do not see a player above at that time.] President Donald Trump is holding a Cabinet meeting at the White House on Tuesday, as his administration grapples with a slew of major political issues that have come to the fore since the top officials last convened less than eight weeks earlier.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/01/costco-sues-trump-tariffs-trade-supreme-court.html
Article: In this article COST Follow your favorite stocks CREATE FREE ACCOUNT watch now Costco sued the Trump administration to get a full refund of new tariffs it paid so far this year, and to block those import duties from continuing to be collected from the retail warehouse club giant as a Supreme Court case plays out. In the suit filed Friday, Costco said that it risks losing the money it has already paid to satisfy the tariffs even if the Supreme Court eventually upholds earlier lower court rulings that found President Donald Trump did not have the legal power to impose those duties. Kyle Grillot | Bloomberg | Getty Images Dozens of other companies have filed similar lawsuits to protect their right to potential refunds in case the Supreme Court rules against the so-called reciprocal tariffs that Trump imposed on imports from many U.S. 5, a majority of the Supreme Court's nine justices appeared skeptical of arguments by a lawyer for the Trump administration that the president did have the power to impose the tariffs. The Supreme Court took the administration's appeal of the lower court rulings on an expedited basis, but it is not clear when or how the court will decide the dispute. Costco, in its lawsuit, said, "This separate action is necessary, however, because even if the IEEPA duties and underlying executive orders are held unlawful by the Supreme Court, importers that have paid IEEPA duties, including Plaintiff, are not guaranteed a refund for those unlawfully collected tariffs in the absence of their own judgment and judicial relief."

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/01/trump-mri-results-white-house-walter-reed.html
Article: The results of Trump's magnetic resonance imaging were released a day after the 79-year-old president told reporters that he had "no idea" which part of his body was scanned, and three days after Minnesota Gov. Tim Walz responded to Trump calling him "seriously r-----ed" by saying, "release the MRI results." "Has anyone in the history of the world ever had an MRI assigned to them and have no idea what it was for, as he says?" Walz said Sunday on NBC's "Meet the Press." Trump's physician, Dr. Sean Barbabella, said Monday that the advanced imaging at Walter Reed National Military Medical Center was part of a "comprehensive executive physical, and was ordered because men in his age group "benefit from a thorough evaluation of cardiovascular and abdominal health." Barbabella described the imaging as routine and preventative, meant to identify potential issues early and confirm overall function.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/01/trump-alina-habba-disqualified-appeals-court.html
Article: Alina Habba, President Donald Trump's pick to serve as New Jersey's top federal prosecutor, remains disqualified from serving in that role in either a permanent or acting capacity, a U.S. Abbe Lowell and Gerald Krovatin, lawyers for one of the parties in the case challenging Habba's appointment, noted in a statement with Norm Eisen that Monday's ruling marks "the first time an appellate court has ruled that President Trump cannot usurp longstanding statutory and constitutional processes to insert whomever he wants in these positions." "We will continue to challenge President Trump's unlawful appointments of purported U.S.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/11/29/white-house-blasts-news-outlets-for-coverage-of-illegal-orders-video.html
Article: The White House on Friday evening named the Boston Globe, CBS News and The Independent as "media offender of the week," blasting their coverage of a video released by Democratic lawmakers telling the U.S. In one of its more elaborate and targeted attacks on major media outlets to date, the Trump administration late Friday also rolled out a "media bias" page on the official White House website.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/11/29/trump-says-airspace-above-and-surrounding-venezuela-to-be-closed-in-its-entirety.html
Article: Trump, in a Truth Social post said: "To all Airlines, Pilots, Drug Dealers, and Human Traffickers, please consider THE AIRSPACE ABOVE AND SURROUNDING VENEZUELA TO BE CLOSED IN ITS ENTIRETY." U.S. Massive military buildup in Caribbean David Deptula, a retired lieutenant general who commanded a no-fly zone over northern Iraq in 1998 and 1999, said Trump's announcement raises more questions than it answers. In a statement Saturday afternoon, Venezuela's government condemned Trump's comments, describing them as a "colonialist threat" against the South American country's sovereignty and incompatible with international law."The devil's in the details," Deptula said. military is poised for a new phase of operations after a massive military buildup in the Caribbean and nearly three months of strikes on suspected drug boats off Venezuela's coast.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/11/28/trump-says-national-guard-member-dies-after-shooting.html
Article: Win McNamee | Getty Images A National Guard member died on Thursday after being shot near the White House in an ambush that investigators say was carried out by an Afghan national, an attack President Donald Trump blamed on Biden-era immigration vetting failures as he ordered a sweeping review of asylum cases. Sarah Beckstrom, 20, died of her wounds and her fellow Guardsman Andrew Wolfe, 24, was "fighting for his life," Trump said, as investigators conducted what officials said was a terrorism probe after Wednesday's shooting. The FBI searched multiple properties in a widening investigation, including a home in Washington state linked to the suspect, who officials said was part of a CIA-backed unit in Afghanistan before coming to the U.S. Agents seized numerous electronic devices from the residence of the suspect, identified as 29-year-old Rahmanullah Lakanwal, including cellphones, laptops, and iPads, and interviewed his relatives, FBI Director Kash Patel told a news conference. "I want to express the anguish and the horror of our entire nation that the terrorist attack yesterday in our nation's capital, in which a savage monster gunned down two service members in the West Virginia National Guard, who were deployed as part of the DC Task Force," Trump said in a Thanksgiving call with U.S. Casting blame on the administration of his White House predecessor, President Joe Biden, Trump said the alleged gunman, who he described as having gone "cuckoo," was among thousands of Afghans who came in unvetted as the U.S. Anna Rose Layden | Reuters Trump said the suspect's "atrocity reminds us that we have no greater national security priority than ensuring that we have full control over the people that enter and remain in our country." Armed with a powerful revolver, a .357 Magnum, the gunman shot the two National Guard members before being wounded in an exchange of gunfire with other troops. "My baby girl has passed to glory," Gary Beckstrom, father of the National Guard member who died, wrote on social media, adding that his family was grappling with a "horrible tragedy." Trump later spoke by phone to Beckstrom's parents, a White House official said. Suspected assailant acted alone The alleged assailant, who lived in Washington state with his wife and five children, appeared to have acted alone, said Jeff Carroll, executive assistant chief of the Washington Metropolitan Police Department. Asked whether he was planning to deport the suspect's wife and five children who live in Washington state, Trump said, "We're looking at the whole situation with family." The program under which the suspect entered the U.S., which allowed in more than 70,000 Afghan nationals, according to a congressional report, was designed with vetting procedures, including by U.S. government planned to bring terrorism charges against the gunman and seek a sentence of life in prison "at a minimum." Following the death of the National Guard member, she suggested she would seek the death penalty. Speaking to reporters, Trump echoed Pirro and Patel's accusations that the Biden administration was to blame for policies they said allowed the Afghan immigrant into the U.S., but they also offered no evidence to support their assertions The alleged gunman was granted asylum this year under Trump, according to a U.S. No matter how you want to do it, it's very hard to get them out, but we're going to be getting them all out now." The incident may give Trump, who has made cracking down on both legal and illegal immigration a centerpiece of his presidency, an opening to argue that even legal pathways like asylum pose security risks for Americans. The Trump administration was launching a review of all asylum cases approved under the Biden administration as well as Green Cards issued to citizens of 19 countries, Department of Homeland Security officials said.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/11/26/2-national-guard-members-in-critical-condition-after-shooting-near-white-house-ap-.html
Article: Two National Guard soldiers were shot on Wednesday near the White House in what officials described as a targeted ambush, and the suspect was in custody after suffering gunshot wounds during the attack. President Donald Trump was in Florida at the time of the attack, which prompted the White House to go into lockdown as law enforcement from multiple federal and city agencies swarmed the area. near the corner of 17th and I streets, a few blocks from the White House, when the suspect came around a corner and "ambushed" them, Metropolitan Police Assistant Chief Jeff Carroll said at a press briefing. Another witness, Emma McDonald, said she saw one of the Guard members carried away on a stretcher minutes after the shooting, his head covered in blood and an automated compression system attached to his chest. As of Wednesday, there were about 2,200 National Guard troops in Washington, including contingents from the District of Columbia as well as Louisiana, Mississippi, Ohio, South Carolina, West Virginia, Georgia and Alabama.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/11/26/swalwell-mortgage-fraud-lawsuit-fhfa-pulte-democrat-governor-bid.html
Article: District Court in Washington, D.C., alleging Federal Housing Finance Agency Director Bill Pulte abused his authority to make "fanciful" mortgage fraud allegations against him and other critics of President Donald Trump. The lawsuit asks the court to declare Pulte's conduct unlawful, order him and the FHFA to withdraw a criminal mortgage fraud referral, and award damages for violations of federal privacy law. Swalwell — who announced Friday that he is running for governor of California — alleges in the complaint that Pulte improperly accessed and leaked his private mortgage records in retaliation for his political speech, violating both the Privacy Act of 1974 and the First Amendment. The suit alleges Pulte's referral of the matter to the Justice Department was "patently false," noting that Swalwell had sworn in an affidavit that his Washington, D.C., home would be his wife's primary residence and that he remained a California resident. "Pulte's brazen practice of obtaining confidential mortgage records from Fannie Mae and/or Freddie Mac and then using them as a basis for referring individual homeowners to DOJ for prosecution is unprecedented and unlawful," the lawsuit argues. Cook also has not been charged, though Trump cited the criminal referral as cause in his attempt to fire her from the board of governors for the Federal Reserve in August.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/11/26/trump-georgia-election-case-dismissed-2020.html
Article: Allison Robbert | The Washington Post | Getty Images A judge in Georgia on Wednesday dismissed the historic racketeering case brought against President Donald Trump over his efforts to overturn his loss in the state's 2020 election. The ruling by Fulton County Superior Court Judge Scott McAfee, who ordered the case "dismissed in its entirety," draws to a close the final criminal case against Trump that remained unresolved after he won back the White House in 2024. McAfee's ruling came shortly after state prosecutor Peter Skandalakis moved to drop the case against Trump and his remaining co-defendants "to serve the interests of justice and promote judicial finality." "In my professional judgment, the citizens of Georgia are not served by pursuing this case in full for another five to ten years," Skandalakis wrote in a court filing. Fulton County Sheriff's Office Trump celebrated the ruling later Wednesday, writing in a lengthy Truth Social post that "LAW and JUSTICE have prevailed." "This case should never have been brought," Steve Sadow, Trump's lead attorney in the case, said in a statement. "A fair and impartial prosecutor has put an end to this lawfare." The case brought by Fulton County District Attorney Fani Willis initially charged Trump with 13 criminal counts, including the serious charge of violating Georgia's powerful anti-racketeering law. The indictment, returned by a grand jury in August 2023, alleged that Trump and numerous co-defendants — including his former lawyers Rudy Giuliani and John Eastman, and former White House chief of staff Mark Meadows — illegally tried to reverse Joe Biden's victory in the state's 2020 presidential contest. Alex Slitz-Pool | Getty Images News | Getty Images Those efforts included pressuring Georgia's secretary of state, Brad Raffensperger, to find Trump enough votes for him to overcome his margin of loss to Biden.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/11/25/trump-pushed-paramount-revive-rush-hour-4-reports-say.html
Article: He has informally tapped allies including Sylvester Stallone, Jon Voight, and Mel Gibson as cultural emissaries, and has repeatedly said he wants to restore what he calls "classical masculinity" to studio filmmaking.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/11/25/trump-turkey-pardon-biden-ukraine-2025.html
Article: President Donald Trump looks at Gobble one of two turkeys to ceremonially pardoned for Thanksgiving in the Rose Garden at the White House in Washington, D.C., U.S., November 25, 2025. During the traditional Rose Garden ceremony in which the birds get spared from the butcher, Trump also suggested a U.S.-brokered peace deal between Ukraine and Russia soon could come to fruition. "I think we're making progress." Trump also bashed former President Joe Biden, claiming that his predecessor used an autopen to sign last year's turkey pardons, making them "totally invalid." Trump cracked that he has "officially pardoned" those other birds, Peach and Blossom, adding that he "saved them in the nick of time." Gobble and Waddle were raised on a small farm in Wayne County, North Carolina, owned by Travis and Amanda Pittman, who raised turkeys for Butterball. Born in July and weighing 52 and 50 pounds respectively, Gobble and Waddle spent the past week getting used to noise, lights, and crowds before checking into their ceremonial suite at the Willard InterContinental Hotel — a long-running perk of being a presidential turkey.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/11/25/binance-trump-crypto-lawsuit-pardon.html
Article: Zhao Changpeng, founder and chief executive officer of Binance, attends the Viva Technology conference dedicated to innovation and startups at Porte de Versailles exhibition center in Paris, France June 16, 2022. District Court in North Dakota came one month after President Donald Trump pardoned Binance founder Changpeng Zhao, who had pleaded guilty to failing to combat money laundering on the crypto exchange. "Years before October 7, Binance knew that Hamas, the [Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps of Iran], Hezbollah, [Palestinian Islamic Jihad] and other terrorist organizations were all transacting regularly on its platform and nevertheless actively assisted their use of the platform," the plaintiffs allege. for Hamas, the IRGC, Hezbollah, and PIJ on public blockchains." Binance declined to comment on the lawsuit, but said in a statement that it fully complies with international sanctions laws and has "executed a wide-ranging transformation" of its sanctions framework in recent years.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/11/25/trump-fbi-mark-kelly-democrats-pentagon-video.html
Article: President Donald Trump last week blasted the video, accusing Kelly and the other lawmakers of "seditious behavior," calling them "traitors," and saying that, "In the old days, if you said a thing like that, that was punishable by death." The other lawmakers on the video were Michigan Sen. Slotkin on Tuesday said the FBI's Counterterrorism Division "appeared to open an inquiry into me in response to a video President Trump did not like." "The President directing the FBI to target us is exactly why we made this video in the first place," Slotkin said in a tweet. He uses legal harassment as an intimidation tactic to scare people out of speaking up." Goodlander, Crow, Deluzio, and Houlahan, in a joint statement, said, "President Trump is using the FBI as a tool to intimidate and harass members of Congress." "Yesterday, the FBI contacted the House and Senate Sergeants at Arms requesting interviews," the statement said. We will never give up the ship." Kelly's office told NBC News, "Senator Kelly won't be silenced by President Trump and Secretary Hegseth's attempt to intimidate him and keep him from doing his job as a U.S. "So 'Captain' Kelly, not only did your sedition video intentionally undercut good order & discipline … but you can't even display your uniform correctly," Hegseth snapped in a post on X, which replied to a tweet by Kelly showing his medals.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/04/paramount-questions-warner-bros-discovery-sale-process-letter.html
Article: Zaslav: We write on behalf of Paramount Skydance Corporation ("Paramount", "we" or "us") to express our serious concerns about the fairness and adequacy of the bidding process for a potential combination with Warner Bros. It has become increasingly clear, through media reporting and otherwise, that WBD appears to have abandoned the semblance and reality of a fair transaction process, thereby abdicating its duties to stockholders, and embarked on a myopic process with a predetermined outcome that favors a single bidder. The German newspaper Handelsblatt recently reported on a meeting that reportedly took place in Brussels between Gerhard Zieler, President of WBD's International Business and a direct report to WBD's Chief Executive Officer, who "arrived with a three-person team," with the E.U. The article quotes "sources close" to Zeiler as saying "that the talks with the Commission were important because both Warner and the EU wanted to preserve media diversity." The implications of such a meeting, if it occurred, are clear and evince a tacit resistance to, if not active sabotage of, a Paramount offer. media outlets have reported on the enthusiasm by WBD management for a transaction with Netflix, and on statements by management that a transaction between WBD and Netflix would be a "slam dunk," while also referring to Paramount's bid in a negative light. Additional reporting since the submission of revised bids on December 1 has indicated that WBD's "board has really warmed to" a transaction with Netflix due to the "chemistry between" WBD management and Netflix management. Moreover, these media reports echo similar indications that we have been hearing throughout this process, despite what we viewed as otherwise productive conversations that we have had with WBD leadership. These concerns are amplified by indications of director bias and beholdenness to others whose interests may not align with the stockholders', and the fact that alternatives involving only certain WBD assets are being prioritized notwithstanding their heightened regulatory risk and potential to deprive stockholders of consideration for the entirety of WBD's enterprise value. As we assume you agree, even discounting the accuracy of any media reports, just the appearance of a flawed process imperils any potential transaction that might result and may undermine the potential value maximization to WBD stockholders from any prospective transaction. In light of our grave concerns regarding the integrity of WBD's process, we seek confirmation as to whether WBD has appointed an independent special committee of disinterested members of its board to consider the potential transaction opportunities and to make a final determination regarding a sale or break-up of all or part of the company. This would seem to be an important step at this stage, to ensure the fairness and unimpeachability of the transaction process and to maximize the value of whatever outcome WBD determines to pursue. We remain confident that the Paramount offer would provide the maximum value to WBD stockholders and look forward to the opportunity to continue to engage with you productively in this process.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/04/billionaire-investments-family-office.html
Article: Aglaé Ventures, the firm of LVMH CEO Bernard Arnault, joined a $298 million Series B round for Function Health, which provides regular lab testing for health tracking and early disease detection. In a survey of 317 global family offices by UBS, 65% identified pharmaceutical and biotechnology as top sectors to benefit from AI, second only to banking and financial services, which 75% selected.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/03/macys-m-earnings-q3-2025.html
Article: Macy's on Wednesday beat Wall Street's sales expectations for the third quarter in a row and posted its strongest growth in more than three years as the company's turnaround strategy showed signs of momentum. The retailer now expects adjusted earnings per share of between $2 and $2.20, up from its previous expectation of $1.70 to $2.05, and net sales of $21.48 billion to $21.63 billion, compared with its prior outlook of $21.15 billion and $21.45 billion. Macy's said about $700 million of that annual net sales decrease is due to the 64 stores it shuttered at the end of the last fiscal year, which ended Feb. In an interview with CNBC, CEO Tony Spring said the company is taking a "prudent view" of the fourth quarter because it faces tough year-over-year comparisons and because it's not sure how "aspirational customers," those who like to shop at its stores but are more financially pressured, may spend during the season. Here's how the department store operator did during its fiscal third quarter compared with what Wall Street expected, based on a survey of analysts by LSEG: Earnings per share : 9 cents adjusted vs. Macy's department stores account for the majority of the New York City-based legacy retailer's business, but their performance has lagged behind the company's higher-end department store, Bloomingdale's, and beauty chain, Bluemercury.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/03/fanatics-launches-prediction-market.html
Article: "For years, Fanatics has given fans new ways to enhance their fandom through team merchandise, collectibles, tickets, gaming, events and more," Fanatics Betting and Gaming CEO Matt King said in a statement. "Now, with Fanatics Markets, we're giving fans a safe, and intuitive way to engage with the moments that move sports and culture, and to pick a side and profit along the way if their prediction is correct." Prediction markets like Polymarket and Kalshi have exploded in popularity on the back of legalized online sports betting. "This is really the top of the first inning on a market that's going to grow exponentially over the next five to 10 years, so we're not worried about being a couple months behind [competitors]," King said on CNBC's "Squawk on the Street" on Wednesday.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/03/trump-fuel-economy-standards.html
Article: "We are officially terminating Joe Biden's ridiculously burdensome, horrible actually, CAFE standards that imposed expensive restrictions," Trump said at the Oval Office, flanked by the CEOs of Ford Motor and Stellantis . The oil industry group the American Petroleum Institute has lobbied the Trump administration to repeal the Biden fuel economy standards, contending that they aim to phase out liquid fuel vehicles.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/02/american-eagle-aeo-earnings-q3-2025.html
Article: The apparel company is expecting fiscal fourth quarter comparable sales to grow between 8% and 9% – about four times better than the 2.1% analysts had anticipated, according to StreetAccount. American Eagle is now expecting its full year adjusted operating income to be between $303 million and $308 million – up from its previous range of $255 million to $265 million. The company told CNBC the campaigns are "attracting more customers" and creating more attention around the brand, but the results show they have not yet been a major revenue driver. Beyond its marketing campaigns, American Eagle told CNBC it saw record revenue in its third quarter and that "strong momentum" carried into the current quarter, where it saw a "record breaking Thanksgiving weekend." The rosy holiday commentary comes after peers like Abercrombie & Fitch , Gap and Urban Outfitters posted better than feared results ahead of the crucial holiday shopping season.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/02/black-friday-cyber-monday-shopping-turnout-nrf.html
Article: consumers to shop during the five-day stretch from Thanksgiving Day through Cyber Monday, according to a survey by the National Retail Federation and Prosper Insights & Analytics released on Tuesday. The shopping turnout is the largest since NRF began tracking the five-day total in 2017, and topped the previous high of 200.4 million shoppers during the same days in 2023. On a call with reporters, NRF CEO Matt Shay described the shopping period as "the psychological kickoff of the holidays." He said the number of shoppers represented "a very, very solid beginning" to the season. Shay said the holidays are "very much an emotional purchase." Retailers and economists are closely watching spending during the peak shopping season while trying to make sense of conflicting indicators about the country and U.S. Holiday hiring by retailers is expected to total between 265,000 and 365,000 roles this year, the lowest number of seasonal workers in at least 15 years, according to the NRF.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/02/boeing-plane-deliveries-cfo.html
Article: The bolstered deliveries will be "a big driver" of cash flow as well, Malave said, with positive free cash flow expected to be in the billions in the "low single digits." Boeing hasn't turned an annual profit since 2018. Those deliveries follow a lifting of restrictions by the Federal Aviation Administration, allowing the company to sign off on some of its 737 Max and 787 Dreamliner planes before they reach customers.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/02/apartment-rents-vacancies-november.html
Article: "Earlier this year, it appeared that annual growth was on track to flip positive for the first time since mid-2023; however, that rebound stalled out and reversed course during a particularly slow summer," according to Apartment List researchers. "That 18- to 34-year-old group … I think it's up to 32.5% of those now are living with family, and that's the highest it's been in a while," said Grant Montgomery, CoStar's national director of multifamily analytics.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/02/asset-backed-finance-growth-scrutiny.html
Article: watch now A version of this article appeared in CNBC's Inside Alts newsletter, a guide to the fast-growing world of alternative investments, from private equity and private credit to hedge funds and venture capital. According to KKR, the private ABF market has doubled since 2008 to over $6 trillion today – larger than the syndicated loan market, high-yield bond and direct lending markets combined. In a report, the global investment firm said that while direct lending may have powered the private-lending growth last decade, ABF is now "taking a similar road, grabbing the spotlight with its historically attractive yields, diversification benefits and vast market size." Asset-backed finance is often touted as being less risky than direct lending.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/02/michael-susan-dell-trump-accounts.html
Article: "It's designed to help families feel supported from the start and encourage them to keep saving as their children grow," Michael Dell, founder and CEO of Dell Technologies , told CNBC in an interview. "We know that when children have accounts like this, they're much more likely to graduate from high school, from college, buy a home, start a business and less likely to be incarcerated." The Dells' commitment goes hand in hand with a new federal government program that allows parents to open tax-advantaged investment accounts for children under 18 with Social Security numbers.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/01/eli-lilly-prices-zepbound-weight-loss-drug-vials.html
Article: Starting Monday, cash-paying patients with a valid prescription can get the starting dose of Zepbound vials for as low as $299 per month on LillyDirect, down from a previous price of $349 per month. Eli Lilly on Monday said it is lowering the cash prices of single-dose vials of its blockbuster weight loss drug Zepbound on its direct-to-consumer platform, LillyDirect, building on efforts by the company and the Trump administration to make the medicine more accessible. Eli Lilly's announcement comes just weeks after President Donald Trump inked deals with Eli Lilly and Novo Nordisk to make their GLP-1 drugs easier for Americans to get and afford. The agreements will cut the prices the government pays for the drugs, introduce Medicare coverage of obesity drugs for the first time for certain patients and offer discounted medicines on the government's new direct-to-consumer website launching in January, TrumpRx. But Eli Lilly's deal with Trump centers around lowering the prices of a different form of Zepbound – a multi-dose pen – after it wins Food and Drug Administration approval. "We will keep working to provide more options — expanding choices for delivery devices and creating new pathways for access — so more people can get the medicines they need," said Ilya Yuffa, president of Lilly USA and global customer capabilities, in a statement. Its meteoric rise due to the success of Zepbound and its diabetes injection Mounjaro vaulted it to becoming the first health-care company to hit a $1 trillion market value last month. The company also launched a temporary introductory offer, which will allow new cash-paying patients to access the two lowest doses of Wegovy and Ozempic for $199 per month for the first two months of treatment.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/01/goldman-sachs-acquires-innovator-capital-management.html
Article: Goldmans Sachs on Monday said it agreed to buy Innovator Capital Management, a provider of defined-outcome ETFs, for about $2 billion in its latest deal to bolster the firm's asset management division. "By acquiring Innovator, Goldman Sachs will expand access to modern, world-class investment products." Goldman Sachs, which has made asset and wealth management a priority since pivoting away from a consumer banking push, has made a series of deals in the sector this year.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/11/28/black-friday-shopping-retail-letdown.html
Article: Gerald Martineau | The Washington Post | Getty Images Black Friday has long been defined by massive crowds, rock-bottom prices and rabid consumers willing to bite, scratch and claw their way to the best deals of the season. Stores are opening their doors later, foot traffic is flat, online shopping is up and, in a world where Black Friday begins in September, consumers are wary, unsure if the deals they're getting are even that good. "The integrity of the event is pretty much gone," said Mark Cohen, former CEO of Sears Canada, who spent a decade as the director of retail studies at Columbia Business School. In today's day and age, promotional pricing just gets better and better from a consumer's point of view the closer you get to the holiday." A line forms for the 4 a.m. Michael Macor | San Francisco Chronicle | Hearst Newspapers | Getty Images While Black Friday remains a critical day for many retailers and is still arguably the most popular shopping day of the year, it's no longer defined by the in-person experience. "I still recall queuing up outside stores waiting for those special deals that every retailer would advertise," said Denish Shah, the department chair and professor of marketing at Georgia State University's Robinson College of Business. "Whereas now it goes over weeks, over multiple days, and most of the time the consumers are doing it from the comfort of their home through online sales." For the last six years, more people shopped online on Black Friday than in-store, and foot traffic has been relatively flat following a post-Covid spike, according to data from the National Retail Federation and Placer.ai, an analytics firm that uses anonymized data from mobile devices to estimate overall visits to locations. Since 2021, Black Friday store visits have consistently been more than 50% higher than the daily average for the full year, but the amount of foot traffic stores are getting on the day after Thanksgiving isn't really growing, data from Placer.ai shows. Meanwhile, the amount of money people are spending during the so-called Turkey 5 – the period of shopping days spanning Thanksgiving to Cyber Monday – has declined for two straight years, according to the NRF. "But it is more muted." How Black Friday lost its edge When the modern-day version of Black Friday became popularized in the 1980s, it took an entire year of planning to pull off, Cohen said. "But it required an enormous amount of work." Retailers had to pick the perfect product, set the perfect price and make sure their competitors didn't get wind of their promotional plans. Jewel Samad | AFP | Getty Images But over time, as Black Friday became more popular, retailers began extending the shopping holiday so their biggest sales tailwind of the year could last longer than a single day. "In other words," Cohen said, "to sustain the ride, they started to dilute it." As discounts spread across the store, the operational feat behind inventory and staffing became even more challenging to manage, leading retailers to spread out promotions even earlier, Yeh said. "If it's only for a day, people are not going to necessarily want to sign up for that, versus, if it's for a longer season, then you're more likely to get the necessary team members and also be able to train them." At the same time, consumer habits began to shift in the backdrop. "It makes a difference if they can spread their spending across two pay periods rather than just one." Of course, there's also debate about how good the discounts actually are on Black Friday, especially in a soft economy where retailers are leaning heavily on promotions to drive sales at the same time they're raising prices to offset tariffs.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/11/28/warehouse-real-estate-rebalance.html
Article: "Industrial property rents are showing signs of stabilization, indicating a more balanced market environment," said Judy Guarino, managing director of commercial mortgage lending at JPMorgan Chase , in a note to investors. "The third-quarter demand has far exceeded the entire first half of the year, which is another really strong indicator that the supply and demand is starting to get more into a balanced state," said Stephanie Rodriguez, national director of industrial services at Colliers. New supply totaled 48 million square feet in the first half of 2025, much less than the 330 million square feet completed at the height of the cycle in 2023. In a report titled "Bold Predictions for 2026," Prologis, the world's largest logistics real estate company, cited specific supply chain trends to watch, including forecasts that: E-commerce companies will make up nearly 25% of new leasing next year as the proportion of goods sold online rises to almost 20% globally by year-end. Shrinking trucking capacity will drive double-digit rate hikes in 2026, making transportation an even larger share of total supply chain spend and amplifying the value of well-located logistics real estate. "While re/near-shoring demand continues to pick up speed, albeit slowly and with somewhat uneven impact, opportunity also lies in power-advantaged infill assets that support faster and denser networks; where distance once drove advantage, closeness now creates it," according to the Hines report. "This trend highlights another potential source of demand not only for industrial manufacturing facilities, but for the warehouse subsector as well," according to its report, which predicts reshoring alone could increase overall warehouse demand over the next five years by roughly 35%. "Tariffs may lead to higher costs and supply chain challenges, but these locations are key to maintaining supply chain resilience and adapting to trade shifts." Proximity One example of the proximity advantage: Amazon .

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/11/27/trump-tax-changes-middle-class-donors-giving-gap.html
Article: Eric Lee | The Washington Post | Getty Images A version of this article first appeared in CNBC's Inside Wealth newsletter with Robert Frank, a weekly guide to the high-net-worth investor and consumer. Elena Patel, co-director of the Urban-Brookings Tax Policy Center, told Inside Wealth she is not optimistic that middle- and lower-income donors will be able to make up the shortfall as top earners give less. "That 2-percentage-point reduction [for top earners] might not seem like a big deal, but you have to keep in mind the scale of gifts that are being given among the highest-net-worth individuals in the United States." What the 'K-shaped' economy means for philanthropy Charitable giving by American households continues to rise, reaching $392.45 billion last year, per the latest report by the Lilly School of Philanthropy for Giving USA. While the new deduction is larger, at $1,000 per single filer and $2,000 for married joint filers, a similar legislative effort in the '80s failed to move the needle on charitable giving, he said. "Somewhere out there is the Bill Gates of tomorrow." Get Inside Wealth directly to your inbox The Inside Wealth newsletter by Robert Frank is your weekly guide to high-net-worth investors and the industries that serve them.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/11/27/k-beauty-tiktok-makeup.html
Article: In this article ULTA WMT Follow your favorite stocks CREATE FREE ACCOUNT Carly Xie looks over facial mask items at the Face Shop, which specializes in Korean cosmetics, in San Francisco, April 15, 2015. Avila Gonzalez | San Francisco Chronicle | Hearst Newspapers | Getty Images On a recent Saturday at an Ulta Beauty store in midtown Manhattan, Denise McCarthy, a mother in her 40s, stood in front of a wall of tiny pastel bottles, tubes and compacts. A dad asked a store associate whether a viral Korean sunscreen was the one "from the girl who does the 'get ready with me' videos." Near the checkout, a display of Korean sheet mask mini-packs was nearly empty. Once a niche reserved for beauty obsessives, Korean cosmetics — known as K-beauty — are breaking fully into the American mainstream, fueled by TikTok virality, younger and more diverse shoppers, and aggressive expansion from retailers such as Ulta , Sephora, Walmart and Costco . K-beauty sales in the United States are expected to top $2 billion in 2025, up more than 37% from last year, according to market research firm NielsenIQ, far outpacing the broader beauty market's single-digit growth. In the first half of 2025, South Korea shipped a record $5.5 billion worth of cosmetics, up nearly 15% year over year, and has become the leading exporter of cosmetics to the U.S., surpassing France, according to data from the South Korean government. "When you compare that to the broader beauty market, which is growing at single digits, K-beauty is clearly operating in a different gear right now." Facial skin care remains the biggest K-beauty revenue driver in the U.S., NielsenIQ reported. Hair care is growing fastest, and hybrid items such as tinted serums and skin care-infused cushion compacts — sponge cushions soaked with an SPF foundation — continue to surge, the firm said. Ulta's first quarter 2025 report cited a 38% increase in Korean skin care sales, and executives said in August that new K-beauty partnerships contributed to the company beating Wall Street expectations for earnings in the second quarter. "It's an arms race to see who can capitalize on the market for Korean products," Delphine Horvath, professor of cosmetics and fragrance marketing at the Fashion Institute of Technology, told CNBC. "These products are now seen as a top driver of growth for cosmetic brands, and it seems it will keep booming." The competition is heating up just as Olive Young, often called the "Sephora of Seoul," prepares to open its first U.S. "Across the industry, companies are looking to expand partly because people really don't want to have to wait for shipping or travel all the way to Korea to get products." The boom arrives in the middle of the ongoing trade war. "That being said, a lot of companies have worked with advertisers and internally to do their best to offset and prevent passing those costs on to customers in the U.S." A visitor tries Korean-made cosmetics during the 2022 Korea Tourism Organization's Discover Your Korea, in Vanderbilt Hall of Grand Central Terminal, New York. TikTok is the central engine of discovery, especially for Gen Z and millennial shoppers, who account for roughly three-fourths of K-beauty consumers, according to a Personal Care Insights market analyst report. Brands are deeply invested in paying influencers, and TikTokers talk about textures, formulas and efficacy." Virality has also pushed brands to be more inclusive for younger and more diverse shoppers. The trend is visible across the Americas: 61% of consumers in Mexico and nearly half in Brazil say K-beauty is popular in their country, compared with about 45% in the U.S., according to Statista. "It's not just about the direct sales on that one platform; it's about how it's changing the entire discovery and purchase journey." But the second wave brings its own risks. There are definitely some caution flags we're watching." Collagen eye patches and face masks at the Face Shop, which specializes in Korean beauty items, in San Francisco, April 15, 2015. South Korea had more than 28,000 licensed cosmetics sellers in 2024 — nearly double that of five years ago — creating a pressure-cooker environment that forces constant experimentation, said Neogen's Kim. Everything that's very unique and works really well for skin care, we develop." Korean consumers churn through trends quickly, fueling a pipeline of upstart brands that can go viral and, in some cases, get acquired. For example, when gooey snail mucin, a gel used to protect and repair people's skin, took off globally, skin care brand Amorepacific acquired COSRX, the small Korean brand that helped popularize the ingredient, for roughly $700 million.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/11/26/thanksgiving-box-office-zootopia-2-wicked-for-good.html
Article: Disney's "Zootopia 2" snared $10.2 million in Tuesday previews, the second-highest haul for a Disney Animation Studios film ever, behind only last year's "Moana 2," which took in $13.8 million. Although that will be significantly below the $225.4 million that "Moana 2" took in during the same period last year, it is a welcome jolt for a box office that has struggled in the last few months to drum up ticket sales. Also in the mix is Universal's "Wicked: For Good," which tallied $147 million during its opening last week and is expected to bring in between $80 million and $100 million over the five-day holiday. "The Thanksgiving holiday frame is one of the most important moviegoing periods of the year and is off to a running start with the overperforming 'Wicked: For Good' powering an impressive five days of box office revenue for movie theaters in the $300 million range," said Paul Dergarabedian, head of marketplace trends at Comscore. "'Zootopia 2' has a perfect release date and built-in brand recognition and a revenue enhancing PG rating so that's a huge plus." Thanksgiving this year is facing tough comparisons after the 2024 holiday saw "Moana 2," "Wicked" and "Gladiater II" fuel a record-breaking $424.9 million domestic five-day score. "While that record is in no jeopardy of being broken, this year will nonetheless prove to be a solid Thanksgiving holiday corridor for movie theaters that will likely rank in the top five performing frames historically of all time," said Dergarabedian.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/04/cramer-this-retail-stock-is-one-of-the-greatest-performers-of-all-time.html
Article: See here for a full list of the stocks.) As a subscriber to the CNBC Investing Club with Jim Cramer, you will receive a trade alert before Jim makes a trade.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/04/mark-zuckerberg-comes-to-his-senses-on-metaverse-spending-and-were-thrilled.html
Article: Shares of the social media giant rallied more than 5% to $676 each at Thursday's highs after Bloomberg reported that Zuckerberg is set to reduce metaverse spending up to 30%. Meta stock took a beating back in 2022 when, in addition to aggressive interest rate hikes from the Federal Reserve to combat sky-high inflation, investors grew concerned that Zuckerberg was going to spend countless sums of money building out a virtual world with little idea as to when, or even if, the investment would see any return. Wall Street is wondering whether cutting the metaverse budget is a true turning point for Zuckerberg, who has been on an artificial intelligence spending spree, both on the capital expenditures side and in poaching AI talent for top dollar, or whether it's more about facing the reality that he's been throwing good money after a vanity project that no one cares about. That spending question has been top of mind as Meta shares have dropped more than 20% since reporting earnings in late October , on fears that Zuckerberg was losing his way on efficiency and preparing to continue to ramp up investments without a clear view on returns. As Meta shareholders for the Club, we applaud any decision to cut spending on the more ambitious aspects of the metaverse vision, but take a different view of Zuckerberg's north star. So, rather than talk about the grand vision of a metaverse, Zuckerberg can simply talk about AI and how it's helping in the here and now, by reducing costs and boosting engagement, while aiding topline growth. The recently released display glasses — which take the idea of smart glasses to the next level without the bulk of VR goggles — would certainly lend themselves to user interactions in a virtual environment. By tying that effort to the screenless Ray-Ban and Oakley smart glasses, Zuckerberg has a better chance to start monetizing the research R & D investments that went into the metaverse in the first place. We think this bodes well for 2026 earnings – perhaps a cost guidance cut with the next earnings release – and perhaps, even more important given Meta's already attractive valuation, a reversal of the negative sentiment since the company last reported what were nothing short of fantastic quarterly results. "The stock is up, but it's not up nearly as much as I think it could be given the fact that it's only up 13% for the year, and is not expensive on a P/E multiple," Jim Cramer said Thursday during the Club's Morning Meeting . That's right in line with the S & P 500 's valuation, despite expectations that Meta can grow earnings twice as fast in the coming year as the overall market. See here for a full list of the stocks.) As a subscriber to the CNBC Investing Club with Jim Cramer, you will receive a trade alert before Jim makes a trade.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/04/beta-technologies-q3-ipo-revenue.html
Article: Fully electric battery powered ALIA CTOL, CX300 single engine airplane, manufactured by Beta Technologies, performs during the 55th edition of the International Paris Air Show (Salon international de l'aeronautique et de l'espace - SIAE) at the ParisLe Bourget Airport, in Le Bourget, north of Paris, France on June 18, 2025. "As a newly public company, we remain firmly grounded in what makes BETA unique—our simple, stepwise approach, our vertical integration and our focus on designing and manufacturing the complete electric aviation ecosystem to meet the needs of customers around the world," CEO Kyle Clark said in a statement.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/04/jim-cramer-warns-that-openai-is-the-year-2000-in-a-nutshell.html
Article: "OpenAI is 2000 in a nutshell," Cramer said on "Squawk on the Street," comparing the current everything-AI-mentality to the everything-internet that got the market in trouble more than two decades ago. Cramer, who is not calling for a dot-com-style crash, has been increasingly worried about what OpenAI means for the current market, as much of the artificial intelligence trade depends on the company's success. 16 Sunday column for CNBC Investing Club members, Cramer predicted the "Year of Magical Investing" will come to an end, putting OpenAI at the center of what was a two-pronged market selloff last month: "One involved the spike in the price of Oracle debt insurance and the ill-advised "backstop" comments made by OpenAI CFO Sarah Friar. The endless apotheosis of nuclear alternatives to natural gas, quantum alternatives to graphics processing units – or GPUs, the artificial intelligence gold standard – and all sorts of one-offs involving self-driving adjacencies and, most egregious, all sorts of entities that look like data center buildout but have much more to do with ingenious, levered bitcoin scams that by any other name other than 21st century regulation." The Nasdaq has bounced off its late-November lows and is roughly 2% off its all-time highs set in late October.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/04/5-things-to-know-before-the-stock-market-opens.html
Article: After private payroll data showed weakness in the labor market, stocks climbed as investors hoped the report would strengthen the case for an interest rate cut at the Federal Reserve's meeting next week. The Dow Jones Industrial Average Traders are now pricing in a roughly 89% likelihood of a rate cut, up from under 70% a month ago, according to CME's FedWatch tool. Speaking of tariffs, Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent said that the Trump administration can replicate the sweeping levies if the Supreme Court rules the president exceeded his authority to enact the duties. Jensen's jaunt Nvidia President and CEO Jensen Huang speaks to the media as he arrives for a meeting with the Senate Banking Committee on Capitol Hill on December 3, 2025 in Washington, DC. Huang said the Guaranteeing Access and Innovation for National Artificial Intelligence Act — known as the GAIN AI Act — "is even more detrimental to the United States than the AI Diffusion Act." Huang also broke with some of his fellow AI executives by slamming state-by-state AI regulation.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/03/istari-digital-ai-blue-origins-moon-dust-battery.html
Article: "So what it does is sucks up moon dust and it extracts the heat from it so it can be used as an energy source, like turning moon dust into a battery," Istari CEO Will Roper told CNBC's Morgan Brennan. Spacecraft carrying out missions on the lunar surface are typically constrained by lunar night, the two-week period every 28 days during which the moon is cast in darkness and temperatures experience extreme drops, crippling hardware and rendering it useless unless a strong, long-lasting power source is present. The battery was completely designed by AI, said Roper, who was assistant secretary of the Air Force under President Donald Trump's first term and is known for transforming the acquisition process at both the Air Force and, at the time, the newly created Space Force.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/03/openai-to-acquire-neptune-an-ai-model-training-assistance-startup.html
Article: "We plan to iterate with them to integrate their tools deep into our training stack to expand our visibility into how models learn." OpenAI has acquired several companies this year. It purchased a small interface startup called Software Applications Incorporated for an undisclosed sum in October, product development startup Statsig for $1.1 billion in September and Jony Ive's AI devices startup io for more than $6 billion in May. "It was the ride of a lifetime already, yet still I believe this is only the beginning." WATCH: Sam Altman hits reset at OpenAI, pausing side bets to defend ChatGPT’s AI lead

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/03/microsoft-stock-ai-foundry-sales.html
Article: Microsoft pushed back on a report Wednesday that the company lowered growth targets for artificial intelligence software sales after many of its salespeople missed those goals in the last fiscal year. The sales lag occurred for Microsoft's Foundry product, an Azure enterprise platform where companies can build and manage AI agents, according to The Information, which cited two salespeople in Azure's cloud unit.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/03/verkada-capitalg-valuation-security.html
Article: "I think Google saw the opportunity with us in the application of AI and everything we're driving to apply AI to the physical security industry," CEO Filip Kaliszan told CNBC's Deirdre Bosa. The financing totaled $100 million, a person familiar with the terms of the round told CNBC, raising the company's valuation by $1.3 billion from its Series E funding in February.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/03/waymo-baltimore-pittsburgh-stlouis.html
Article: The three cities represent the latest additions to Waymo's quickly growing list of cities where the Google sister company is either operating its robotaxis, planning to launch service or starting to test its vehicles.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/03/nissan-is-reworking-its-us-supply-chain-to-blunt-tariffs-impact-.html
Article: Jeremie Papin, Nissan's chief financial officer, told CNBC's "Europe Early Edition" that his company was "not immune to it." "It's a significant headwind for all importers into the US," he added. "We've been doing a lot of adjustments, including increasing our production locally as fast as we could, and we took advantage of having dual sourcing for some of our key models," Papin said. "There's obviously been good decisions from the States in terms of facilitating the export of the chips, and so we are just coping with it and being diligent in making quick decisions, finding alternative sourcing wherever we could," Papin said. He added that supply "remains a threat," but the situation has been improving "significantly." He said that "Nissan has shifts off and non-production days," he said, referring to manufacturing pauses the company implemented while supply chain issues were being managed.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/03/5-things-to-know-before-the-stock-market-opens.html
Article: As CNBC's Gabrielle Fonrouge and Natalie Rice report, companies are pulling out all the stops in hopes of winning the so-called "denim war." Plus, the numbers are in: More than 202 million Americans shopped in the five-day period from Thanksgiving through Cyber Monday, the highest number on record since the National Retail Federation began tracking in 2017. Shares soared more than 10% — their best day since April — after CFO Jay Malave said the plane maker expects higher deliveries of its 737 and 787 jets in 2026.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/03/anthropic-claude-reportedly-preparing-ipo-race-openai-chatgpt-ft-wilson-sonsini-goodrich-rosati.html
Article: Anthropic, the AI startup behind the popular Claude chatbot, is in early talks to launch one of the largest initial public offerings as early as next year, the Financial Times reported Wednesday. For the potential IPO, Anthropic has engaged law firm Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati, which has previously worked on high-profile tech IPOs such as Google, LinkedIn and Lyft, the FT said, citing two sources familiar with the matter. The start-up, led by chief executive Dario Amodei, was also pursuing a private funding round that could value it above $300 billion, including a $15 billion combined commitment from Microsoft and Nvidia , per the report. However, an Anthropic spokesperson told the FT: "It's fairly standard practice for companies operating at our scale and revenue level to effectively operate as if they are publicly traded companies," adding that no decisions have been made on timing or whether to go public. The FT report follows several notable changes at the company of late, including the hiring of former Airbnb executive Krishna Rao, who played a key role in the firm's 2020 IPO. CNBC also reported last month that Anthropic was recently valued to the range of $350 billion after receiving investments of up to $5 billion from Microsoft and $10 billion from Nvidia. In its race to overtake OpenAI in the AI space, the startup has also been expanding aggressively, recently announcing a $50 billion AI infrastructure build-out with data centers in Texas and New York, and tripling its international workforce. While OpenAI has been rumoured to be considering an IPO, its chief financial officer recently said the company is not pursuing a near-term listing, even as it closed a $6.6 billion share sale at a $500 billion valuation in October.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/02/jim-cramer-has-faith-in-danahers-turnaround-as-life-sciences-comes-back-to-life.html
Article: Connecting the dots to better times ahead for the struggling portfolio name, Jim Cramer thinks the industry turnaround is best illustrated by looking at Agilent Technologies ' recovery from a post-Covid rut. The bottom line is that "if Agilent's turning around, then I have to believe the arms dealers to the life science industry can keep making a comeback," Jim Cramer said on "Mad Money" on Monday evening. "That includes everybody from Danaher to Thermo Fisher , Revvity , and Waters ." He added, "They're all worth a closer look." It's been a tough few years for the industry since the pandemic boom, when demand for life science innovations surged. See here for a full list of the stocks.) As a subscriber to the CNBC Investing Club with Jim Cramer, you will receive a trade alert before Jim makes a trade.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/02/chatgpt-uses-business-icons-ceos-advice.html
Article: As Strober was laying out the milestones for her startup's next phase of growth, getting guidance and mentorship from successful business leaders — through AI prompts — became a key, surprising part of her process. During a recent plane ride, Strober says she "talked to John Doerr for eight hours," gathering feedback on her ideas for Midi's 'Objectives and Key Results' (OKRs), a framework Doerr has championed to help companies and organizations set and achieve ambitious goals. Doerr is the author of "Measure What Matters" — a guide to the OKR system adopted by Google, the Gates Foundation, and Bono — and has shared his approach across podcasts, speeches, videos and interviews over the the past several decades. Though she has never received advice directly from the real Doerr, Strober's closest friend growing up in Silicon Valley was the late Susan Wojcicki, who is featured in Doerr's book for the OKRs she developed at YouTube. As Strober sat on that same plane ride refining her business strategy, and texting with her husband, he suggested running the business goals past an AI-generated version of Wojcicki, which he did. "I was very emotional on the plane when she said, 'these are pretty good, but I might think about this, and I might change this.'" "It was actually very valuable to have her giving me advice," Strober added.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/11/25/abortion-pill-mifepristone-access-trump-fda.html
Article: Erin Hooley | Chicago Tribune | Tribune News Service | Getty Images Just over a year since Donald Trump was elected president again, the $6.9 billion abortion pill industry is operating under the same federal rules he inherited from former President Joe Biden — but new threats to the drug are mounting. Between a Food and Drug Administration safety review that could upend distribution, legal battles over whether the pill can stay on the market, and anti-abortion rhetoric from activists and the Trump administration, drugmakers appear to be bracing for a storm that could reshape a profitable corner of the health-care industry. "When it comes to medication abortion, there haven't been any major policy changes yet in this administration," said Katie O'Connor, senior director of federal abortion policy for the National Women's Law Center. "But, we've also seen some signaling from the administration that they're going to do something." For now, the FDA permits the pill, mifepristone, to be prescribed via telehealth and delivered by mail. Even small shifts in federal rules could ripple across the supply chain from insurance reimbursement systems to telemedicine platforms and pharmacy compliance protocols, particularly for mifepristone makers such as GenBioPro, Evita Solutions and Danco Laboratories. "If the FDA were to add warning labels or more restrictive limits on treatment, that then can trickle down into policies for payers, Medicaid reimbursement, companies' production and performance and have implications for actually getting the drug to to patients for at an affordable rate," Thome said. The agency put out no press release or statement about the approval, a silence Thome and many abortion rights advocates interpreted as an effort to avoid reigniting one of the country's most polarizing debates. Under federal law, once a generic drug meets equivalence standards —meaning it performs the same way in the body as the brand-name version — the FDA has little discretion to block it, according to the Department of Health and Human Services. Some experts have criticized the studies cited to justify the review as methodologically flawed; Laurie Sobel, an associate director for women's health policy at KFF, told CNBC they are "junk science." Trump has other levers beyond the FDA if he wants to curb access, experts said. Since 2021, the FDA has permitted telehealth and mail-order prescriptions, making abortions cheaper and more accessible, particularly for women far from clinics or in states that restricted the procedure after Dobbs v. "At some point these pharmacies may say we don't want to get involved in that, and they may just decide not to stock the drug." However, Costco announced in August that it would not sell mifepristone in its stores' pharmacies citing low demand from members and other patient customers. Evelyn Hockstein | Reuters How drugmakers are responding Inside the industry, drugmakers like Danco Laboratories, GenBioPro and Evita Solutions appear to be taking steps that would likely cushion the blow of any crackdown on mifepristone. "Companies don't always pursue a formal regulatory approval for a secondary or tertiary use, because to do that, you have to go through another set of clinical trials that's incredibly expensive," Charo said. GenBioPro also remains embroiled in a lawsuit against the FDA and the state of West Virginia from 2023, arguing that the state's ban on mifepristone conflicts with the federal approval authority, a concept known as "federal preemption." The case remains under appeal but more litigation would likely follow suit should future federal directives curb telehealth access to mifepristone. "There's been a lot of litigation around mifepristone in the last few years, and there's a lot of uneasiness by pharmaceutical companies of a court telling the FDA how to act," Caroline Sacerdote, a litigator at the Center for Reproductive Rights, told CNBC. "That's not the protocol." Misoprostol, one of the two drugs used in a medication abortion, is displayed at the Women's Reproductive Clinic, which provides legal medication abortion services, in Santa Teresa, New Mexico, on June 17, 2022.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/11/24/republicans-push-obamacare-tax-credit-alternatives-as-deadline-looms.html
Article: Joe Raedle | Getty Images With enhanced Obamacare tax credits set to expire at the end of the year, Republicans are proposing new alternatives aimed at lowering the cost of health care. The White House is expected to make an announcement this week addressing efforts to either renew or replace the Affordable Care Act enhanced premium tax credits, according to Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent. The couple buys insurance through the ACA exchange and is facing a 50% premium increase for their family plan in 2026 if the enhanced tax credits are not renewed by Congress. "We're looking at a few activities our kids do and things like that." Verstegen traveled to Washington during the government shutdown to advocate for extending financial support for middle-class ACA enrollees like her family. Senate Majority Leader John Thune, R-S.D., promised Democrats the chamber would vote on extending the enhanced tax credits in mid-December as part of a deal to end a record-long government shutdown. 15 is the deadline for the majority of Americans to sign up for 2026 ACA coverage, and as Congress headed home for the Thanksgiving recess, there was no consensus on Obamacare credit funding or what those subsidies would look like. GOP proposes cash payments Some Republicans in the House signed a bipartisan letter urging Senate leadership to have negotiations that include members from both chambers to find a way to extend the enhanced tax credits for a year. President Donald Trump has opposed an extension of the Obamacare tax credits that he says fund the "money sucking" insurance industry, stating in a post on his Truth Social platform, "The only healthcare I will support or approve is sending the money directly back to the people." Sen. Rick Scott, R-Fla., has introduced a bill that would give ACA enrollees cash through a Health Savings Account called a Trump Health Freedom Account, which they could use to pay for both premiums and health expenses. "That gives us savings to put into a Health Savings Account." Trading down from a benchmark Silver plan to a Bronze plan without the enhanced tax credits would not save enrollees much money. A 60-year-old couple in Florida earning $86,000, for example, would qualify for a $0 premium on a 2026 Bronze plan with an enhanced tax credit, according to a premium calculator from KFF. Getting an HSA funding measure not only passed but implemented for the start of coverage next year may not be possible, according to Sabrina Corlette, co-director of the Center on Health Insurance Reforms at Georgetown University. "Conceptually, what they're talking about is a radical restructuring of how the ACA marketplaces and tax credits work, and we literally are days away from when people have to pay their January premiums in order to effectuate their coverage," Corlette said. Oscar Health CEO Mark Bertolini said a national plan in which the government or employers give consumers cash to buy their own coverage in the marketplace is something he supports in the long run, but extending the enhanced tax credits makes the most sense now.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/11/24/novo-nordisk-shares-plunge-after-alzheimers-drug-trial-fails-to-hit-key-target.html
Article: Tom Little | Reuters Shares of Novo Nordisk on Monday fell to a four-year low after the Danish pharmaceutical company said a highly anticipated trial for Alzheimer's disease failed to meet its main goal. While treatment with semaglutide resulted in improvement of Alzheimer's disease-related biomarkers in two separate trials, this did not translate into a delay of disease progression, Novo said in a statement Monday. Analysts had prior to the results called the trial a long shot, whereas Novo itself had referred to it as a "lottery ticket." "Based on the significant unmet need in Alzheimer's disease as well as a number of indicative data points, we felt we had a responsibility to explore semaglutide's potential, despite a low likelihood of success," said Novo's chief scientific officer, Martin Holst Lange. "While hopes were not high for a positive readout, potential success had perhaps kept some in the name, with this result removing a near-term upside scenario," wrote Jefferies analysts on Monday. Current treatments such as Eli Lilly's Kisunla and Biogen/Eisai's Leqembi have been shown to slow down the progression of the disease by up to a third, but come with the risk of severe side effects. The drug works in a similar way to Lilly's rival medicines Mounjaro and Zepbound by mimicking the gut hormone GLP-1 that naturally occurs in the body, to regulate blood sugar levels and enhance feelings of fullness. A competitive market While shares of Novo Nordisk have plunged over the past 18 months, rival Eli Lilly only last week became the first pharmaceutical company with a market capitalization of $1 trillion.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/11/21/eli-lilly-hits-1-trillion-market-value-first-for-health-care-company.html
Article: Scott Olson | Getty Images Eli Lilly reached a $1 trillion market capitalization on Friday, the first health-care company in the world to join the exclusive club dominated by tech firms. While Novo Nordisk's stock fell after disappointing Alzheimer's trial results, the drugmaker's market share losses to Eli Lilly in obesity and diabetes drugs have led its stock to drop nearly 45% this year. Stock Chart Icon Stock chart icon Eli Lilly's stock has soared on the back of the success of its drugs Mounjaro and Zepbound.Demand is only expected to grow as approvals for the treatments' uses and insurance coverage expand. In addition, Eli Lilly expects an oral version of its popular drugs to hit the market next year, which could give patients a more convenient option than a shot that is easier for the company to produce. Eli Lilly became a publicly traded company on the New York Stock Exchange by 1952, and for decades relied on a slate of widely successful products to drive much of its profits and revenue.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/11/18/americas-broken-health-system-is-an-opportunity-says-cityblock-ceo.html
Article: "We're in a moment where health and health care — and what it means to be healthy — is the subject of a national discussion," the co-founder and chief executive officer of Cityblock Health told CNBC Senior Media & Tech Correspondent Julia Boorstin in the latest episode of the "CNBC Changemakers and Power Players" podcast. The "Make America Healthy Again" movement is one example of a recent public discussion that Ajayi sees as a positive, "whether or not I agree with certain people's positions," she said. The company, which has more than 100,000 members and partners across more than 10 states, employs community health workers who conduct hyper-local, in-home assessments and coordinate care, and also connects patients to social services, like food banks and transportation. "Medicine for so long kind of operated on a hierarchy — it was us and it was them," said Ajayi, who during her education as a medical student and career as a medical doctor has seen the inner workings of underfunded, under-equipped pediatric care units in Sierra Leone and high-tech hospitals in Boston. That doesn't work and I think that we have a real opportunity in health care and in public health to regain trust by actually meeting people where they are," she said. The company is investing in AI technology with the aim of ensuring benefits reach patients on government health plans, not just the wealthy, "so that we can look back 10 years from now and say, you know what, we as a society developed AI tools that actually make the world and lives better for people who didn't have a seat at the table and wouldn't otherwise have been built for," she said.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/11/18/oddity-launches-telehealth-skincare-platform-methodiq.html
Article: Courtesy: Methodiq Il Makiage parent company Oddity is branching out into medical-grade skin care with its new brand Methodiq, as the online retailer looks to compete with Hims and help to address what it called a "broken medical care system." Methodiq, which has been in the works for four years and launched on Tuesday, is a telehealth platform that will offer 28 new products, including creams, supplements and cosmetics, that address acne, hyperpigmentation and eczema. It will allow the company to gain a slice of the burgeoning medical skin care market, which is projected to reach $113 billion this year, according to Research and Markets. From there, there's many other medical domains for us to expand into." Oddity, which is set to announce 2025 third-quarter results on Wednesday, hasn't included Methodiq in its 2025 or 2026 revenue outlooks, primarily because it expects sales to make up only a small portion of overall revenue, said Drucker Mann. She pointed to Hims' goal of reaching $6.5 billion in annual revenue by 2030 and said it shows "the size of what you can do with a successful telehealth" platform. In 2021, it acquired Voyage81, a deep tech AI-based computational imaging startup that was co-founded by the former head of research and development for one of the Israel Defense Forces' elite technological units. Courtesy: Methodiq For example, Methodiq's Clindalaq product contains tretinoin, a prescription-strength topical retinoid used to treat acne and other skin concerns, but also a mix of other ingredients that aim to make it more desirable to consumers than the standard creams prescribed by doctors. CNBC tested the product at Oddity's New York City headquarters earlier this month and found both the texture and smell was different from the generic tretinoin cream dispensed by pharmacies. "We're able to deliver these very strong acne-fighting ingredients, but in a formulation that's tolerable and can help actively fight side effects all in one," said Alex Kaplan, Methodiq's vice president of product development.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/11/17/novo-nordisk-cash-prices-wegovy-ozempic.html
Article: Novo Nordisk on Monday said it has cut the direct-to-consumer prices of its blockbuster weight loss drug Wegovy and diabetes counterpart Ozempic, adding to efforts by the company and the Trump administration to make the treatments more accessible. Also on Monday, Novo Nordisk launched a temporary introductory offer, which will allow new cash-paying patients to access the two lowest doses of Wegovy and Ozempic for $199 per month for the first two months of treatment. The announcements come days after President Donald Trump struck deals with Novo Nordisk and chief rival Eli Lilly to make their popular GLP-1 drugs easier for Americans to access and afford. Those agreements will involve cutting the prices the government pays for the drugs, introducing Medicare coverage of obesity drugs for the first time for certain patients and offering discounted medicines on the government's new direct-to-consumer website launching in January called TrumpRx.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/11/13/congress-thc-hemp-ban.html
Article: In this article CRON-CA CRON CURA-CA Follow your favorite stocks CREATE FREE ACCOUNT watch now The hemp industry is bracing for layoffs, production reductions and billions in lost revenue after Congress passed a government funding bill late Wednesday containing a surprise provision that will ban nearly all hemp-derived consumer products. But the law's broad definition created a loophole in federal rules on THC — the psychoactive compound responsible for a high — experts said, allowing producers to extract psychoactive cannabinoids from federally legal hemp. "In effect, this is a total, all out, complete ban on hemp products in the United States." Cannabis beer and other cannabis-infused drinks will be available at a stand at the "Mary Jane" hemp trade fair. Monika Skolimowska | Picture Alliance | Getty Images The new cap replaces the 2018 Farm Bill's definition of hemp, which was based on THC concentration and allowed products with less than 0.3% THC by weight instead of total amount. More than 300,000 jobs tied to the hemp economy are at risk, according to Whitney Economics, a hemp and cannabis research firm, from farmers and extractors to manufacturers, logistics firms and retailers. The ripple effects could hit land use, contracted acreage and equipment financing, as farmers who scaled up hemp cultivation after 2018 could suddenly face canceled or restructured contracts, said Michael Gorenstein, CEO of marijuana producer Cronos Group. Rand Paul has sparred with his colleagues for months over hemp and blasted the provision as an overreach that is "killing jobs and crushing farmers," adding that "every hemp seed in the country will have to be destroyed." "This is the most thoughtless, ignorant proposal to an industry that I've seen in a long, long time," Paul said after the ban was passed.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/11/13/employer-health-plans-afp-prescriptions-feds-illegal.html
Article: In 2019, Zimmerman said, his then-employer offered him an opportunity that sounded irresistible: He and his wife, Becky, could take all-expense-paid trips to the Cayman Islands and the Bahamas to retrieve the medication he needed, Avonex, a drug made by Biogen that currently retails in the U.S. While PriceMDs has taken the business model to another level, flying patients such as Zimmerman to other countries to bring back their drugs themselves, AFPs more typically obtain the medications overseas for significantly less than what they cost in the United States and get them shipped directly to patients. "I couldn't believe what an awesome program it was." But AFPs come with a major catch: Federal authorities say importing medications intended for foreign markets is illegal and could pose risks to patients' health. "These alternative funding programs are fulfilling prescriptions through unverified suppliers and online pharmacies, potentially illicit," said Nicole Johnson, a special agent with Homeland Security Investigations, an agency within the Department of Homeland Security. citizens, how many have come from verified places." Johnson, who is also national program manager for the department's National Intellectual Property Rights Coordination Center, told CNBC that Homeland Security has launched several criminal investigations into AFPs. CNBC submitted nearly 100 public records requests and sorted through more than 10,000 pages of contracts, emails, invoices and complaints that show these companies have penetrated the country's health-care system through private employers, cities, counties, school districts and unions. "No patient, no American should ever have to be forced to take a medication that's going to put their life at risk," Johnson said, speaking for the first time publicly about AFPs. Greg Santulli, CEO of Georgia-based AFP Rx Valet, told CNBC he's so confident in the medications his company sources that he felt comfortable with his own parents taking drugs brought in from overseas for years, and he said they experienced no problems. "We're committed to helping small and midsize American companies [be] able to afford health insurance for their employees in a reasonable manner." Employers who opt to use an AFP typically pay their staff's health-care costs out of pocket. In the last several years, as prescription drug prices have soared, more AFPs are opening up, documents show, and sourcing high-cost medications for a fraction of the price to patients in places including Canada, Australia and Turkey. A study of 260 patients using AFPs that was released in October by the Vanderbilt Health System Specialty Pharmacy Outcomes Research Consortium found the patients were experiencing significant barriers and delays in access to treatment. In one case, a 34-year-old patient with Stage 4 colorectal cancer was told by an AFP that he had to obtain a passport and complete a telehealth visit with an international provider before receiving his medication, according to the study. Patients take a safety hit in order to save an employer money," said Shabbir Imber Safdar, executive director of the Partnership for Safe Medicines, a coalition of nonprofit and pharmaceutical industry groups. CNBC Safdar said his organization has been investigating AFPs for the past two years and that it has found that about $5 million worth of what he said was illegally imported medicine has been provided to patients in the past two years. In one instance, Safdar said, patients thought they were receiving Canadian drugs, but the fine print of the pharmacy's website revealed it also dispensed medications from "international fulfillment centers around the world," including in Turkey and India. "Patients are put in an impossible position, and it's a crime that they're still paying health-care premiums, and yet they are not getting FDA-approved medicine, legal medicine or safe medicine." In a statement to CNBC, SHARx cited the high cost of drugs in the U.S. and said, "We help employees access the medications they need when their medications are not covered by insurance." FDA drug seizures The central question for AFPs is the legality of personal importation of prescription drugs into the U.S. Leigh Verbois, who worked at the FDA for nearly 23 years — the last five as director of the agency's Office of Drug Security, Integrity, and Response — said AFPs are not covered by the agency's personal importation policy. CNBC "If it's not approved or available clinically in the U.S., an individual can obtain a product from a foreign source, assert that they are importing that product for themselves, and then bring that product under a limited supply of 90 days into the United States," said Verbois, who left the FDA in April. However, she said, "there's no gray area when the product is approved in the United States and they are being commercially purchased and brought into the United States." Verbois said she doubts most patients realize that the medications they're getting are not FDA-approved. The FDA wrote that it seized the medication for being potentially "misbranded" and "counterfeit" and said the patient did not "qualify to receive this medication under the personal importation policy." The action came after a 2019 warning letter from the FDA to CANARX saying the company was operating "in a manner that substitutes the FDA-approved drugs prescribed by the U.S. healthcare provider with unapproved drugs." In response to the warning, CANARX said it was not misleading patients but it did agree to stop importing drugs that need to be administered by a doctor, according to the company's general counsel, Joseph Morris. A drug may be available in the U.S., he said, but if its price puts it out of reach for patients, availability becomes irrelevant, especially when the same medication can be found just across the border in Canada for a fraction of the cost. The agreement also says patients must "release the plan holder, its officers, employees, agents, heirs" from "any and all causes of actions with respect to errors or omissions by CANARX in obtaining the prescription medications." CNBC showed Homeland Security's Johnson a copy of the contract. The FDA spokesman, when asked why these AFPs are still allowed to operate, said the agency could not comment on "ongoing compliance issues." The Caribbean connection Bruce Zimmerman was one of those patients who thought everything was fine, picking up his medication and flying it back to the U.S. I went scuba diving, and I got a license so I could scuba dive, and then took three scuba diving trips." Each time, he said, the couple would bring back a three-month supply of medication. From 2020 to 2023, around the same time the Zimmermans were making their Caribbean trips, PriceMDs sourced Avonex that originated in Germany, passed through Customs in Turkey via a Turkish exporter, then made its way to the Cayman Islands, the Bahamas, Switzerland or the United States, according to the Customs data. Biogen, Avonex's manufacturer, told CNBC this route is "not part of Biogen's authorized supply chain" and that it does not have any "direct customers or ship-to locations in either the Cayman Islands or Bahamas." Since 2020, Turkish Customs data shows, PriceMDs has imported more than 1,200 different drugs into the country, valued at more than $2.7 million. When asked if he was concerned about the origin of the drugs provided by PriceMDs, Zimmerman — even knowing that the shipping routes might have been illegal — said he might still have taken the chance. "It's such a desperate thing to think that you might not have your medication at all." 'A game of Russian roulette' Last year, when a Maryland HIV patient reported to his doctor that his medication, Gilead Sciences -made Biktarvy, was mailed from Turkey, with the bottle label and instructions written in Turkish, the drugmaker traced the shipment back to Rx Valet. CNBC The company sued not only Rx Valet, for sourcing the medication from overseas, but also Meritain Health, which manages employee health plans and is part of CVS Health-owned Aetna, as well as several other companies connected to the Biktarvy shipment. [The patient] did not know if the product was safe, genuine, and so they reported it to their health-care provider," said Lori Mayall, who oversees anti-counterfeiting and product security at Gilead Sciences. When asked about the Maryland patient who received Biktarvy that was intended for sale in Turkey, Santulli said Rx Valet does source medication from Turkey and that it is a "modern, sophisticated country" capable of tracking medications throughout its supply chain. A spokesman for CVS Health, Meritain's parent company, said it "has long maintained a policy that it does not support programs for non-FDA-approved medications sourced from outside the United States and does not contract with companies to facilitate the importation of non-FDA-approved medications" from overseas. The company said it "strongly disputes the allegations" made in Gilead's lawsuit and is "vigorously defending itself against the complaint." In June, the judge in the case issued a preliminary injunction prohibiting the defendants from importing Gilead medications, writing: "The risk of harm to Gilead's good will and reputation among the patient and healthcare providing relevant community is stark and acute." All the defendants have appealed the ruling. "The bottom line is that the person living with a chronic, life-threatening illness is being asked to jump through all these hoops just to make sure they have the treatments that they need." Mary Dwight, senior vice president and chief policy and advocacy officer at the Cystic Fibrosis Foundation.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/11/12/healthy-returns-novo-nordisk-boosts-the-case-for-its-obesity-pill.html
Article: In this article NOVO.B-DK LLY Follow your favorite stocks CREATE FREE ACCOUNT A view shows a Novo Nordisk sign outside its office in Bagsvaerd, on the outskirts of Copenhagen, Denmark, on July 14, 2025. As it waits for regulators to sign off, Novo Nordisk bolstered the case for its experimental pill by releasing new data to underscore its safety and effectiveness at the ObesityWeek scientific conference in Atlanta last week. Comparable results to Wegovy An indirect comparison between the OASIS 4 trial and the earlier study on injectable Wegovy showed that the oral and injectable formulations delivered comparable results on weight loss and cardiometabolic markers, as well as safety. "I think it will really open up access further and help to expand the market" to patients who could benefit from a weight loss treatment but aren't taking an injection for reasons such as being afraid of needles, Brett added. Weight loss by menopause stage One additional analysis found that Novo Nordisk's pill was associated with significant weight loss in women with obesity, regardless of the stage of menopause they were in. Pre-menopausal women lost an average of 18.2% of their body weight over 64 weeks, while peri-menopausal women lost an average of 15% and post-menopausal women lost an average of 15.7% of their weight. Brett acknowledged the small differences between groups, but noted that the weight loss across all of them was "robust and significant." He said weight loss can be more challenging for people in the menopausal stages due to the hormonal changes they experience. Improvements in physical function One other analysis found that people who took the pill and self-reported low physical function at the start of the trial saw improvements compared to the overall study population at 64 weeks.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/11/08/trump-republicans-health-insurance.html
Article: President Donald Trump gestures as he speaks during an event to announce a deal with Eli Lilly and Novo Nordisk to reduce the prices of GLP-1 weight‑loss drugs, in the Oval Office at the White House in Washington, D.C., U.S., November 6, 2025. President Donald Trump proposed a compromise on health insurance payments, calling on Republicans to send federal payments that would go to insurers under the Affordable Care Act directly to Americans to bring an end to the government shutdown. "I am recommending to Senate Republicans that the Hundreds of Billions of Dollars currently being sent to money sucking Insurance Companies in order to save the bad Healthcare provided by ObamaCare, BE SENT DIRECTLY TO THE PEOPLE SO THAT THEY CAN PURCHASE THEIR OWN, MUCH BETTER, HEALTHCARE, and have money left over," he wrote in a Truth Social post on Saturday, without providing any details. The plan Democrats put forward on Friday proposed protecting federal ACA subsidies for at least one year, in exchange for dropping their demand that a longer-term extension of Obamacare tax credits be included in a stopgap government funding bill.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/11/07/trump-deals-with-lilly-novo-nordisk-could-broaden-obesity-drug-access.html
Article: President Donald Trump on Thursday struck landmark deals with Eli Lilly and Novo Nordisk that could mark a turning point in how many people can access their costly blockbuster obesity drugs. Under the agreements, Medicare will start covering GLP-1s for obesity for certain patients for the first time beginning in mid-2026 – a shift that will open access to millions of older adults and could spur more employers and other private insurers to follow suit, some experts said. Obesity drug coverage among state Medicaid plans, employers and other private insurers remains spotty due to the $1,000 or more monthly list prices of existing GLP-1s, including Eli Lilly's obesity injection Zepbound and Novo Nordisk's competitor Wegovy. The deals could also address the inability of many patients with limited or no insurance coverage for obesity drugs to access them, by offering the treatments at a discount on the Trump administration's direct-to-consumer website, TrumpRx.gov. It would be voluntary for Medicare prescription drug plans, so "it may be possible that a few plans do not participate, but I would expect almost all do," he said. But Ricks said that it will transition into a formal so-called Center for Medicare and Medicaid Innovation pilot program in 2027, which means it will be mandatory for all Medicare Part D plans.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/11/06/omada-health-to-start-prescribing-glp-1s-other-obesity-medications.html
Article: The announcement comes as digital health companies increase their presence in the blockbuster market for GLP-1s to treat obesity, diabetes and other chronic conditions – a space that could be worth roughly $100 billion by the end of the decade, according to some analysts. Several digital health companies similarly offer prescriptions for GLP-1s, and the manufacturers of those drugs, Eli Lilly and Novo Nordisk, are taking steps to make their treatments more accessible while also developing new ones for patients. He said Omada recognizes that the market will expand beyond GLP-1 injections to pills and other "next-generation" treatments that work in different ways, underscoring the need to help patients manage their medications. Programs from companies like Omada aim to support lifestyle and behavioral changes for patients on those drugs, offering nutrition guidance, education and a team of health coaches and exercise specialists, among other resources, that can help people stay on the drugs longer. That kind of support is crucial, as GLP-1 injections can be complicated for patients to use properly and often come with gastrointestinal side effects that force some people to stop treatment.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/11/06/obesity-drug-prices-trump-deals-eli-lilly-novo-nordisk.html
Article: Shelby Knowles | Bloomberg | Getty Images President Donald Trump on Thursday struck landmark deals with Eli Lilly and Novo Nordisk to slash the prices of their blockbuster weight loss drugs. Under the agreements, the monthly out-of-pocket cost of popular injections and upcoming pills could range from $50 to $350 starting next year, depending on the dosage and insurance coverage a patient has, Trump administration officials said. But under the new deals, Medicare will start covering the drugs for obesity for the first time starting in mid-2026, which could allow more seniors to qualify for them and spur more private insurers to cover them. Patients are eligible if they fall into these three cohorts: The first includes those who are overweight — with a body mass index greater than 27 — or with prediabetes or established cardiovascular disease. Eli Lilly and Novo Nordisk voluntarily agreed to reduce the prices the government pays for existing GLP-1 drugs already approved for diabetes and other uses to $245 a month, across all non-starting doses. On TrumpRx – the government's direct-to-consumer platform for buying prescription drugs with cash expected to launch next year – the average monthly cost for Wegovy, Zepbound and other injectable GLP-1s will start at $350 and drop to $250 within the next two years, according to senior administration officials. Eli Lilly on Thursday said it would lower prices by $50 on its own direct-to-consumer platform, LillyDirect, which already offers Zepbound and other drugs at a discount to cash-paying patients.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/11/06/trump-eli-lilly-novo-nordisk-deal-obesity-drug-prices.html
Article: Jonathan Ernst | Reuters President Donald Trump on Thursday announced deals with Eli Lilly and Novo Nordisk to slash the prices of some of their obesity drugs, including upcoming pills, in a landmark effort to expand access to the costly blockbuster treatments. The agreements will cut prices of so-called GLP-1 drugs for Medicare and Medicaid beneficiaries in 2026 and offer the treatments directly to consumers at a discount on a website the Trump administration is launching in January called TrumpRx.gov. That means Medicare will start covering obesity drugs for some patients for the first time starting mid-2026, a long-awaited move that could broaden the market for the medicines and spur more private insurers to cover them. Starting doses of upcoming obesity pills from Eli Lilly and Novo Nordisk, pending approvals, will be $149 per month for everyone getting them through Medicare, Medicaid or TrumpRx, a senior administration official who declined to be named told reporters during a briefing Thursday. Starting doses of existing injections like Novo's Wegovy and Lilly's Zepbound will be $350 per month on TrumpRX, but will "trend down" to $245 per month over a two-year period, another senior administration official said during the briefing. Andrew Harnik | Getty Images Wegovy and Zepbound have not been covered by Medicare for weight loss, "and they've only rarely been covered by Medicaid," Trump said in the Oval Office. As part of the president's "most favored nation" policy, he has announced deals with Pfizer , AstraZeneca and EMD Serono to sell certain drugs directly to patients at a discount, in exchange for exemptions from planned pharmaceutical tariffs. "This is the biggest drug in our country, and that's why this is the most important of all the [most favored nation] announcements we've made," Health and Human Services Secretary Robert F. All Americans, even those who are not on Medicaid, Medicare, are going to be able to get the same price for their drugs, for their GLP-1s." Kennedy claimed the American public will lose 125 million pounds by this time next year, saying the expanded access will have "dramatic effects on human health" in the U.S. President Donald Trump stands by as attendees help a man after he collapsed during during an event on lowering drug prices in the Oval Office at the White House on November 06, 2025 in Washington, DC. Andrew Harnik | Getty Images The list prices of existing obesity drugs – roughly $1,000 to $1,350 per month before insurance – are a huge barrier for patients, many of whom could benefit from their ability to promote weight loss and ease other related health complications such as cardiovascular risks and sleep apnea. Eli Lilly and Novo Nordisk already have programs to sell their weight loss drugs at a discount directly to cash-paying consumers, but the new agreements appear to take those efforts to boost access a step further. Novo Nordisk and Eli Lilly have agreed to cut the price Medicare pays for GLP-1s it already covers for diabetes and other indications, along with those drugs for obesity, to $245 per month. The companies agreed to extend lower government pricing for their GLP-1 drugs – $245 per month across all other nonstarting doses – to all 50 Medicaid programs for all covered uses. But Medicare coverage could have a bigger impact on who gets the drugs because the program covers about 66 million people, and is the primary source of insurance for people ages 65 and above. The new obesity drug coverage will be enabled through a pilot program designed to cover a majority of beneficiaries under Medicare Part D, which are the program's prescription drug plans. The administration official said, "We are constraining the access for patients that will benefit clinically from it, we've worked very hard to strike a balance between broad access that just makes sure to capture patients that will benefit clinically." As part of the deals, Eli Lilly and Novo Nordisk also made similar pledges to the ones other drugmakers have made as part of Trump's most favored nation agreements. net prices or most favored nation pricing on nearly all primary care drugs on TrumpRx and share savings from foreign drug price increases on existing products, one senior administration official said. healthcare system, and contributing to the health of our nation for generations to come." David Ricks, CEO of Eli Lilly, speaks in the Oval Office during an event about weight-loss drugs at the White House in Washington, DC on November 6, 2025.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/11/06/eli-lilly-amylin-obesity-drug-study-weight-loss-trials.html
Article: Many industry analysts view so-called amylin analogs as the next wave of obesity treatments that could serve as an alternative or complementary option to existing injections targeting gut hormone GLP-1. Novo Nordisk — Eli Lilly's chief rival in the obesity market — and Pfizer are also in the midst of a heated takeover war over Metsera, whose pipeline includes a potential once-monthly amylin drug. Amylin treatments have a similar effect to GLP-1s like Lilly's Zepbound and Mounjaro, but some analysts and researchers say it could be easier for patients to tolerate and help them preserve lean muscle mass. Patients who used a two-step dose escalation – starting at a 6 milligram dose and increasing to a 9 milligram dose – lost 19.9% of their weight at 48 weeks. The most common side effects of the injection were mild to moderate gastrointestinal symptoms and fatigue, which were observed more frequently in patients who took higher doses of the drug, according to Eli Lilly.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/11/05/healthy-returns-pfizer-novo-nordisk-escalate-metsera-bidding-war.html
Article: In this article MTSR NOVO.B-DK PFE Follow your favorite stocks CREATE FREE ACCOUNT watch now A version of this article first appeared in CNBC's Healthy Returns newsletter, which brings the latest health-care news straight to your inbox. Pfizer in September said that it would acquire Metsera for $4.9 billion, or up to $7.3 billion with future payments – a deal that could be the company's golden ticket to enter the space after struggling to bring its own obesity products to market. But Novo Nordisk on Thursday launched a takeover bid valuing the biotech at around $6 billion, or up to $9 billion, triggering a deadline of four business days for Pfizer to renegotiate its offer. If Metsera's board believes that Novo Nordisk's proposal is still better than Pfizer's after that window, Metsera would be entitled to end the existing merger agreement, according to the release. Thomas Fuller | SOPA Images | Lightrocket | Getty Images Metsera, founded in 2022, brings a pipeline of both oral and injectable treatments with different targets that the company has picked up through its own licensing and acquisition deals. But the company is scrambling to regain its lead position in the market after losing market share to its chief rival, Eli Lilly, over the last year and struggling to impress investors with its current obesity pipeline. But in a note on Thursday, TD Cowen analyst Michael Nedelcovych said it's not clear that Metsera's GLP-1 or amylin drugs are "differentiated" from Novo Nordisk's own medicines – raising questions about how much the company could gain from the deal. "Add regulatory risk and a potential bidding war, and this news gives us pause." In an email to clients on Monday, Mizuho health care equity strategist Jared Holz said that Novo Nordisk seems to be going after Metsera "as much for itself as it is to keep [the biotech company's drugs] out of the hands" of Pfizer or other drugmakers. Pfizer's federal antitrust suit alleges that Novo Nordisk's proposed acquisition of Metsera would help it maintain its dominant position in the blockbuster obesity market by eliminating a smaller potential competitor, according to the lawsuit filed Monday in U.S. That suit, filed in the Delaware Court of Chancery, alleges that Novo Nordisk's offer can't qualify as a superior proposal because it's not reasonably likely to be completed due to its significant regulatory risk. Novo Nordisk, in response to the latest lawsuit filed Monday, said "Pfizer's baseless claims that Novo Nordisk intends to suppress innovation through our offer is false and without merit." We'll have to see if Pfizer negotiates adjustments to its proposal with Metsera after the two-business-day period. Meanwhile, a Delaware judge said at an emergency hearing on Tuesday that there is currently no need for a court to grant Pfizer's request to get involved in its bidding war with Novo Nordisk, Reuters reported. In response, Pfizer CFO Dave Denton said in an interview Tuesday that the company is "going to avail ourselves to all of our rights legally." "There are multiple avenues for us to do so, so we're not giving up on the fight for sure," Denton said, without elaborating on the other paths Pfizer could take.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/11/04/novo-nordisk-pfizer-metsera-acquisition.html
Article: The logos of Danish drugmaker Novo Nordisk, maker of the blockbuster diabetes and weight-loss treatments Ozempic and Wegovy is seen outside theri building as the company presents the annual report at Novo Nordisk in Bagsvaerd, Denmark, on February 5, 2025. Metsera on Tuesday said Novo Nordisk 's new bid for the obesity biotech is "superior" to a revised offer from Pfizer , escalating a heated tussle over the startup between the two pharmaceutical giants. If Metsera's board believes that Novo Nordisk's proposal is still better than Pfizer's after that window, Metsera would be entitled to end the existing merger agreement, according to the release. "We believe that Novo Nordisk's offer is illusory, and cannot constitute a superior proposal under the terms of our merger agreement with Metsera because it violates antitrust law and there is a high risk it will never be consummated," Pfizer CEO Albert Bourla said during the company's third-quarter earnings call on Tuesday. Novo Nordisk reiterated that the proposal complies with all applicable laws and "is in the best interest of patients who will benefit from our commitment to innovation, as well as Metsera's shareholders." The new bids comes one day after Pfizer filed its second lawsuit against Novo Nordisk and Metsera, alleging that the Danish drugmaker's attempt to outbid Pfizer to acquire the biotech company is anticompetitive. The clash reflects the shifting landscape for blockbuster weight loss and diabetes drugs, with veteran Novo Nordisk now trailing rival Eli Lilly as other companies like Pfizer race to break in. But Novo Nordisk launched a takeover bid Thursday valuing the biotech at around $6 billion, or up to $9 billion, triggering a deadline of four business days for Pfizer to renegotiate its offer.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/11/04/pfizer-pfe-earnings-q3-2025.html
Article: Pfizer CEO Albert Bourla speaks during a press conference after a visit to oversee the production of the Pfizer-BioNtech Covid-19 vaccine at the Pfizer factory in Puurs, Belgium, April 23, 2021. That agreement has no impact on Pfizer's 2025 guidance, but the company said it expects a dilutive effect to its 2026 outlook, its CFO Dave Denton said on a third-quarter earnings call on Tuesday. Here's what the company reported for the third quarter compared with what Wall Street was expecting, based on a survey of analysts by LSEG: Earnings per share: 87 cents adjusted vs. $16.58 billion expected Pfizer reported revenue of $16.65 billion for the third quarter, down 6% from the same period a year ago, largely because of lower demand for its Covid vaccine and Paxlovid, an antiviral pill for the virus. The results come weeks after Pfizer became the first drugmaker to strike a deal with Trump to voluntarily sell its medications for less, as his administration pushes to link U.S. Under the deal, Pfizer has agreed to a three-year grace period during which the company's products won't face Trump's threatened pharmaceutical-specific tariffs – as long as the drugmaker further invests in U.S. patients pay lower prices for prescription medicines while providing the clarity we need to focus on our business and our investment in future innovation." Pfizer is slowly regaining its footing after a rapid decline in its Covid business over the last three years, with the company betting on new ways to boost revenue, including through cancer products from its $43 billion acquisition of Seagen and a proposed deal with the obesity biotech Metsera. Both pharmaceutical companies raised their bids for Metsera, but the biotech company on Tuesday said Novo Nordisk's new proposal is "superior." That came one day after Pfizer filed its second lawsuit against the two companies, alleging that Novo Nordisk's attempt to outbid Pfizer to acquire Metsera is anticompetitive. "We believe that Novo Nordisk's offer is illusory, and cannot constitute a superior proposal under the terms of our merger agreement with Metsera because it violates antitrust law and there is a high risk it will never be consummated," Pfizer CEO Albert Bourla said during the earnings call on Tuesday.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/11/03/pfizer-files-second-lawsuit-against-novo-nordisk-metsera.html
Article: Pfizer on Monday said it filed a second lawsuit against Novo Nordisk and Metsera , alleging that the Danish drugmaker's attempt to outbid Pfizer to acquire the obesity biotech is anticompetitive. Pfizer alleges that Ozempic maker Novo Nordisk's proposed acquisition of Metsera would help it maintain its dominant position in the blockbuster obesity market by eliminating a smaller potential competitor, according to the lawsuit filed Monday in the U.S. In a statement on Monday, Ambre James Brown, Novo Nordisk's vice president of global media, said "Pfizer's baseless claims that Novo Nordisk intends to suppress innovation through our offer is false and without merit." "Instead of competing on price, Pfizer has taken the highly unusual and seemingly desperate approach in filing its antitrust lawsuit today," Brown said. In a statement, Metsera said, "Pfizer is trying to litigate its way to buying Metsera for a lower price than Novo Nordisk." The company added that Pfizer's litigation arguments "are nonsense, and Metsera will address them in court." The new suit escalates a heated standoff between Pfizer and Novo Nordisk over Metsera, whose obesity pipeline could yield new competitors in the booming weight loss drug market. Pfizer in September said that it would acquire Metsera for $4.9 billion, or up to $7.3 billion with future payments – a deal that could be the company's golden ticket to enter the space after struggling to bring its own obesity products to market. That suit, filed in the Delaware Court of Chancery, alleges that Novo Nordisk's offer can't qualify as a superior proposal because it's not reasonably likely to be completed due to its significant regulatory risk. But the company has lost its leading position in the market to its chief rival, Eli Lilly , over the last year and has struggled to impress investors with its pipeline.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/11/02/whats-next-for-the-weight-loss-drug-market-pills-rivals-insurance.html
Article: In this article NOVO.B-DK LLY Follow your favorite stocks CREATE FREE ACCOUNT A combination image shows an injection pen of Zepbound, Eli Lilly's weight loss drug, and boxes of Wegovy, made by Novo Nordisk. Eli Lilly has pulled ahead in the market, saying during its third-quarter earnings call on Thursday that it gained share for the fifth consecutive quarter and that its drugs account for nearly 6 out of 10 prescriptions within the injectable obesity and diabetes class. Behind them is a slate of drugmakers – from biotech upstarts to pharma giants – racing to win a slice of what some analysts expect could be a roughly $100 billion market by the end of the decade. Eli Lilly and Novo Nordisk have rolled out discount programs for cash-paying patients to close the gap, and more employers are offering coverage as GLP-1s prove their added health benefits like treating obstructive sleep apnea and chronic kidney disease as well as slashing cardiovascular risks. While Novo Nordisk and Eli Lilly's drugs are no longer in shortage, both companies are cracking down on pharmacies, medspas and other suppliers that mass-produce and market cheaper compounded GLP-1s. While new competitors and lower-cost pills could allow drugs to reach more patients, access will largely depend on how companies like Novo Nordisk and Eli Lilly choose to price their drugs in the years ahead. Novo Nordisk scrambles to catch up to Lilly David Ricks, chief executive officer of Eli Lilly & Co., during a news conference at Generation Park in Houston, Texas, US, on Tuesday, Sept. "In our business, that's usually all that's required for share gains, and I think we're seeing that play out very quickly." Investors have unloaded Novo Nordisk's stock, which has fallen almost 40% this year. In a note in September, BMO Capital Markets analyst Evan Seigerman said the company raised expectations too high for its next-generation obesity drug CagriSema, was slow to launch direct-to-consumer sales of its popular drugs and had a "tepid initial response" to compounders selling copycat treatments. What's more, Medicare is negotiating the price of Novo Nordisk's semaglutide – the active ingredient in Ozempic, Wegovy and the company's diabetes pill Rybelsus – effective in 2027, which could further cut into revenue. The company for now "is definitely much more vulnerable" to competition from copycats than Eli Lilly is, largely because most of them contain or claim to be semaglutide, said Cowen's Nedelcovych. Novo Nordisk in June said some mass, so-called 503B compounding pharmacies have scaled back production, but accused others — including those tied to Hims & Hers — of continuing to sell the drugs under the "false guise" of personalization. Nedelcovych likened shutting them down to "a case of whack-a-mole." Eli Lilly and Novo Nordisk's lawsuits against telehealth companies, pharmacies and others since 2023 have consumed time and resources, with mixed legal outcomes. The FDA also doesn't appear to be taking an aggressive stance on compounded GLP-1s: The agency in September published a "green list" of imported GLP-1 drug ingredients deemed safe to let into the country. Coverage for GLP-1s for obesity has ticked up slightly: A May survey of more than 300 companies by the International Foundation of Employee Benefit Plans, or IFEBP, found that 36% provided coverage for GLP-1s for both weight loss and diabetes, up from 34% in 2024. "The cost issue is still a major, major issue for them." Some plans are concerned that patients won't stay on the drugs long term due to gastrointestinal side effects, such as nausea and vomiting, and could regain the weight they lost, said John Crable, senior vice president of Corporate Synergies, a national insurance and employee benefits brokerage and consultancy. Crable added that new direct-to-consumer programs from Eli Lilly and Novo Nordisk — which let patients pay cash for treatments at less than half their monthly list price — may also discourage employer coverage. If that study shows that GLP-1s reduce the risk of cognitive decline, "it would give a big boost" to Novo Nordisk and Eli Lilly because it could encourage patients to stay on them longer, said Leerink Partners analyst David Risinger. "You're paying for the GLP-1 drug with the hope that obesity or these other conditions will improve, so that health-care costs for these individual employees will get better as you move forward," Stich said. The Trump administration plans to pilot coverage of weight loss drugs under Medicare and Medicaid, which could expand access to millions of older Americans, the Washington Post reported in August. All eyes are on pills Malerapaso | Istock | Getty Images While Novo Nordisk already sells an oral GLP-1 for diabetes, the company and Eli Lilly could soon bring pills specifically for weight loss to patients. Novo Nordisk's 25-milligram oral semaglutide could win approval for obesity by the end of the year, which would make it the first needle-free alternative for weight loss on the market. In August, Eli Lilly CEO David Ricks told CNBC the company hopes to launch its pill globally "this time next year." In an August note, Goldman Sachs analysts forecast daily oral pills will capture 24% share — or around $22 billion — of the 2030 global weight loss drug market, which they expect to be worth $95 billion. Nedelcovych added that tapering off injections and switching to pills as a maintenance regimen "also doesn't seem to make a ton of sense, when we ask physicians about it." He said if pills are less effective at promoting weight loss, it raises concerns that patients who initially lose significant weight on an injection could gain some back after switching to an oral drug. But Nedelcovych said the "fate of oral weight loss therapies could really revolve" around another category of people: patients who could benefit from weight loss treatments but don't take injections because they believe they are meant for those with serious diseases. "But they could have different views about an oral therapy, which could be considered more like a vitamin so they would be more amenable to taking that." The question top of mind for health experts is how companies will price the pills. Some investors are eager to see a drug that promotes even more weight loss than Wegovy and Zepbound, which has hit those companies' stocks when their treatments don't meet lofty expectations in clinical trials. Several drugmakers, including Novo Nordisk and Eli Lilly, are betting on amylin analogs as part of the next wave of obesity treatments Other experts have said that an ideal competitor would promote weight loss while being easier to tolerate than existing injections.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/11/01/cannabis-stock-market-trump-marijuana.html
Article: Geoffroy Van Der Hasselt | AFP | Getty Images Cannabis stocks could be poised for a rally after years of stagnation, fueled by investor optimism over the possibility for new federal rules for hemp-derived products and signals that President Donald Trump could take a more permissive stance on marijuana. However, Verano posted a net loss of $44 million, partly due to a $5 million impairment charge on a facility in Pennsylvania and $10 million in legal contingencies as a result of a settlement. Stock Chart Icon Stock chart icon Cannabis company stocks Tilray Brands, Curaleaf and Trulieve Three developments are driving the growth: Trump's seeming embrace of Medicare coverage for CBD, a non-intoxicating hemp-derived cannabis compound; the president's statements about reclassifying the drug status of marijuana; and movement in Congress to regulate hemp. production of cannabis grew 40% last year from the previous year, according to the Department of Agriculture, and cannabis-derived products, which include CBD and marijuana-based items, are now projected to reach a $160 billion global market by 2032, according to Grand View Research. The 'Trump effect' Optimism in the cannabis market surged in September after Trump shared a video on Truth Social that promoted Medicare coverage of CBD and made unproven anti-aging claims about the substance. The video was produced by The Commonwealth Project — which advocates for seniors using cannabis and was founded and is funded by Palm Beach billionaire Howard Kessler — and directly appealed to the president. Known for pioneering affinity credit cards, Kessler shifted to cannabis advocacy in 2019 but has been in Trump's orbit since at least 2005, attending Trump's wedding to Melania Trump and appearing at Mar-a-Lago and state dinners. "A lot of folks in the industry saw him [Trump] posting the video as a bit of a surprise but we think he's trying to gauge how the public feels about cannabis products," said Adam Smith, executive director of the Marijuana Policy Project, which advocates for the legalization of marijuana. "Some people call it the 'Trump effect,' and think if he leans into CBD, it's possible that other Republicans will support." There is limited data on effective doses of CBD for inflammation or chronic pain, particularly in seniors, according to the National Institutes of Health. "A lot of times his posts don't line up with formal policy positions." To date, the FDA has only approved one CBD-based drug, Epidiolex, to treat rare forms of epilepsy. Jeremy Rehm | AP The Farm Bill Trump's post also adds to momentum around regulating hemp — which is a variant of the marijuana plant that doesn't cause a "high, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention — which was legalized under the 2018 Farm Bill. "Regulation isn't scary, as long as it is effective, because the clearer the lines are, the better it is to be in the business [when] you don't have a looming axe over your head," said Pamela Epstein, the chief legal and regulatory officer of hemp producer Terpene Belt Farms. Hemp-derived CBD products containing less than 0.3% THC — the psychoactive compound responsible for a high — were legalized under the bill and spread rapidly into gummies, beverages, creams and even pet treats, and are projected to drive more than 20% growth by 2030, the data firm said. "Problems came up with some stuff masquerading as CBD but having high levels of THC, products marketed to kids and some products with tainted samples." Proposals in Congress range from an outright ban on hemp to tightening THC limits. Others in the cannabis industry are lobbying for an "alcohol-model" framework — with the FDA overseeing product safety and the Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau managing taxation and distribution. "They're the best way to grow sustainably and shed the uncertainty that's defined this space for years." People like Epstein caution that a complete ban could cripple the hemp economy, which supports about 320,000 jobs nationwide, according to the U.S. Smart, consistent rules could be the key to unlocking billions in growth while working to ensure consumer safety." Marijuana rescheduling Trump's apparent openness to CBD has fueled speculation he may go further. "It's like the chicken and egg conundrum." A White House official described the rescheduling process as ongoing and said that "all policy and legal requirements and implications are being considered." Cannabis industry sources said investor optimism partly centers on Trump's chief of staff, Susie Wiles, who previously worked at Ballard Partners, a Florida lobbying firm representing Trulieve, one of the largest U.S. Rivers attended two pre-inauguration events, including a dinner for Vice President JD Vance, and reportedly joined a $1 million-a-plate fundraiser at Trump's New Jersey golf club in August, where she urged him to reclassify marijuana, the Wall Street Journal reported.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/10/30/breast-cancer-drug-stock-olema-could-more-than-double-from-here-analysts-say.html
Article: The best way to predict how a drug is going to do, or how a combination of drugs is going to do, is to look at the data produced with that drug or that combination," Olema CEO Sean Bohen said on CNBC's "Power Lunch." "I think if [investors] take the time to sit down and look at that, they are going to see that there is a reason for the optimism the analysts have, and certainly for our investigators and the patients." Palazestrant is a part of the same therapeutic family as tamoxifen, another estrogen receptor-targeting therapy that was approved in 1997. "We're focusing on the vast majority of patients who are diagnosed with breast cancer, which is the ER, estrogen receptor, positive or two negative population, or about 70%," he said. and what we're doing is we're improving on targeting that particular driver of the growth and proliferation of breast cancer to provide better therapy for breast cancer patients." Bohen explained that there have been other attempts to improve upon that, which haven't really solved the problem.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/10/30/this-biotech-stock-has-jumped-nearly-50percent-in-3-months-its-ceo-says-business-is-growing-substantially.html
Article: "[We] grew 30% on average for four years, and this year, about 50% … adding new products, growing those products, financially disciplined, so that we are profitable." The stock has jumped about 50% in just the last three months, earning it a spot on CNBC's list of top performing stocks of companies based in the City by the Bay. It's been a stellar few months for shares of San Francisco-based biotech company Rigel Pharmaceuticals , which has approved treatments for hematology and oncology — as well as potential new drugs in the pipeline. "So by the end of next year, we'll be able to say something much more definitive about this product and this indication." Rigel is expected to announce its latest quarterly results on Nov.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/10/30/were-raising-our-eli-lilly-price-target-what-a-difference-a-quarter-makes.html
Article: In last year's third quarter, EPS of $1.18 included $3.08-per-share worth of charges related to IPR & D, or recognized acquired in-process research and development, largely from its Morphic deal. LLY YTD mountain Eli Lilly YTD At the time, we immediately downgraded Lilly to our penalty-box 3 rating, but quickly double upgraded it back to our buy-equivalent 1 rating less than a week later at around $660 after a flood of insider buying activity from company leadership, including Lilly CEO David Ricks and Chief Scientific Officer Daniel Skovronsky. Lilly shares have climbed nearly 30% since those insider purchases were disclosed — a strong reminder of why it pays to watch insider activity , especially when it happens during times of apparent stress. "Really the upside here versus the Street was driven by a really strong international performance," CEO David Ricks said on "Squawk on the Street" about Mounjaro's rollouts in China, India and Brazil earlier this year. "What we're seeing is global demand for this product." Looking ahead, Lilly continues to plan on filling its once daily oral GLP1 pull orforglipron for approval in obesity later this year. The $63.25 billion midpoint of the new outlook is above the consensus estimate of $61.74 billion and implies fourth quarter revenue of about $17.36 billion which is above the consensus estimate of $17.29 billion. See here for a full list of the stocks.) As a subscriber to the CNBC Investing Club with Jim Cramer, you will receive a trade alert before Jim makes a trade.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/02/euro-zone-inflation-in-november-2025.html
Article: The trim, which coincided with euro zone inflation hitting the ECB's target rate of 2%, was part of a rate-cutting cycle that has brought rates down from last year's record high of 4%.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/11/30/monument-gravestone-makers-tariffs-cremations.html
Article: "I have no idea if it will." Rome Monument is part of a fabric of small, family run companies that make memorialization products facing the dual challenges of levies and cremations. "But this tariff thing has been like a gut punch." In recent months, Milano has found himself rushing to communicate with his ordering controller when he sees a headline about higher levies to ensure his containers hit the water before they would take effect. Importers can see significantly different levy rates if the White House adjusts its trade policy between when memorial products are first ordered by customers and the granite is actually shipped to the U.S. "The uncertainty part is the hardest part we struggle with," said Nathan Lange, president of Monument Builders of North America, a trade group representing hundreds of business with an average lifespan of more than seven decades. At Kentucky-based PS Granite, operations chief Parthi Damo said they have delayed printing annual marketing materials for next year because they aren't sure if tariff rates could change again, which would mean prices need to be adjusted. Krimkate | Istock | Getty Images But memorial creators said that their smaller margins and lower volumes make it tougher to cover the costs than it would be for large retailers. "We can't go back to a grieving family and say, 'You know what, we got to add an additional $1,000 to your family's memorial to cover the tariffs.'" A changing business Even before the tariffs ramped up, the industry was busy reorienting itself for a future with fewer traditional burials. The U.S.' five-year cremation rate has surged to more than 60% in 2024, up from under 40% a decade and a half prior, according to the Cremation Association of North America. Dioguardi has considered expanding the work radius around his Pennsylvania headquarters to buoy demand for grave site products, a broader trend which he said has prompted a wave of acquisitions within the industry. At the same time, the 75-year-old knows that the fate of the business is married in part to whether people want their loved ones to have any sort of memorialization.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/11/25/consumer-confidence-lowest-point-since-april.html
Article: Consumers soured on the current economy and their prospects for the future, with worries growing over the ability to find a job, according to a Conference Board survey released Tuesday. "Mid-2026 expectations for labor market conditions remained decidedly negative, and expectations for increased household incomes shrunk dramatically, after six months of strongly positive readings." A key reading within the report that measures job expectations showed deterioration. The share of workers saying that jobs are "plentiful" slid to 6%, down from 28.6% in October and reflective of the "no hire, no fire" current job climate showing in other data points. "Consumers' write-in responses pertaining to factors affecting the economy continued to be led by references to prices and inflation, tariffs and trade, and politics, with increased mentions of the federal government shutdown," Peterson said. "Mentions of the labor market eased somewhat but still stood out among all other frequent themes not already cited." Inflation expectations rose, with respondents predicting a 4.8% rate one year from now, well above the Fed's 2% target and topping the Michigan survey outlook for 4.5%.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/11/25/core-wholesale-prices-rose-less-than-expected-in-september-retail-sales-gain.html
Article: The producer price index, a measure of what producers get for final demand goods and services, increased a seasonally adjusted 0.3% on the month, in line with the Dow Jones consensus estimate.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/11/25/private-payroll-losses-accelerated-in-the-past-four-weeks-adp-reports-.html
Article: Government agencies such as the Bureaus of Labor Statistics and Economic Analysis have released revised schedules, but critical reports such as the monthly nonfarm payrolls count won't come out until December. "With the next jobs report now scheduled for December 16 and CPI for December 18, there is little on the calendar to derail a cut on December 10," Jan Hatzius, chief economist at Goldman Sachs, said in a client note Sunday. When the releases do start rolling out, Hatzius said he expects that "alternative indicators show renewed job losses in October" even though the BLS last week reported better-than-expected 119,000 growth in payrolls for September.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/11/23/bessent-economy-no-recession-2026.html
Article: Scott Bessent, US treasury secretary, arrives to speak during a site expansion groundbreaking ceremony at the Boeing South Carolina (BSC) manufacturing facility in North Charleston, South Carolina, US, on Friday, Nov. "I am very, very optimistic on 2026," Bessent said in an interview on NBC News' "Meet the Press." "We have set the table for a very strong, noninflationary growth economy." Parts of the GOP's massive spending package — the One Big, Beautiful Bill Act — are still going into effect and have yet to be felt in the economy, Bessent said. Kevin Hassett, the director of the White House National Economic Council, also said on Sunday that economic data from the fourth quarter could show weakness because of the government shutdown.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/11/21/fed-wont-get-key-inflation-data-before-next-rate-decision-as-bls-cancels-october-cpi-release.html
Article: The Bureau of Labor Statistics said it was canceling the release of the October consumer price index, leaving the Federal Reserve without a key piece of inflation data to ponder when it next decides on interest rates on Dec. In addition to the Fed announcement, the Commerce Department's Bureau of Economic Analysis said another key inflation measure, the personal consumption expenditures price index, "is to be rescheduled" though no firm date has been announced. And we're going to do our jobs, we're going to collect every scrap of data we can find, evaluate it, and think carefully about it," Fed Chair Jerome Powell said after the October meeting. There's a possibility that it would make sense to be more cautious about moving." However, New York Fed President John Williams said Friday he thinks the Fed probably has "room for a further adjustment in the near term," implying the likelihood of a cut sometime soon.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/11/20/cleveland-feds-hammack-supports-keeping-rates-around-current-barely-restrictive-level.html
Article: "I think that we need to maintain a modestly, somewhat restrictive stance of policy to make sure that we are continuing to bring inflation back down to our 2% objective," she told CNBC's Steve Liesman on "Squawk on the Street." "Right now, to me, monetary policy is barely restrictive, if at all, and I think we need to make sure that we're maintaining that somewhat restrictive stance to bring monetary to bring in place." Hammack added that she thinks the current federal funds rate, targeted in a range between 3.75%-4%, is "right around a neutral rate," indicating it does not need to come down much further. 9-10, and market expectations have swung from a near-certainty that the committee would approve a third consecutive quarter percentage point reduction to now pricing in about a 60% probability that the committee will stand pat, per the CME Group's FedWatch tracker of futures prices. While focused on inflation, Hammack expressed concern over current price levels, noting that interviews she and her staff have conducted around the Cleveland area indicate labor market pressures as well as inflation concerns that are causing difficulty for households to make ends meet. that inflationary pressure is still very salient for them." Addressing the September nonfarm payrolls report released Thursday, Hammack called the picture "mixed" as it showed both higher-than-expected payrolls growth and a tick up in the unemployment rate.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/11/20/jobs-report-september-2025.html
Article: "September's jobs report shows the labor market still had resilience before the shutdown, beating payroll expectations, but the picture remains muddy with August jobs revised to a job loss and the unemployment rate increasing," said Daniel Zhao, chief economist at jobs site Glassdoor. "These numbers are a snapshot from two months ago and they don't reflect where we stand now in November." A 'Now Hiring' sign sits outside the entrance to a Burlington department store on Nov. Hawkish talk out of the October Fed meeting, as reflected in minutes released Wednesday, contributed to a general feeling that the central bank will be on hold into the end of the year. "Equities like the fact that payrolls were stronger than expected, suggesting the economy is still on a firm footing, while the bond market likes the rise in unemployment and slowdown in wage growth which may keep the case for a December Fed cut just about alive." Overall, the report shows the labor market entered the autumn months on much the same footing it has been all year – a slow but steady pace, with firms reluctant both to hire many new workers or lay off existing workforce during a time of unusual economic volatility spurred by aggressive policy actions in President Donald Trump's White House. On the downside, transportation and warehousing lost 25,000 and federal government, which had been a large contributor to employment growth, was off 3,000, part of a loss of 97,000 on the calendar year.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/11/19/the-september-jobs-report-is-finally-coming-out-thursday-what-it-may-show.html
Article: Coming a week after the government impasse ended, the data also is expected to show the unemployment rate at 4.3% while average hourly earnings increased 0.3% for the month and 3.7% from a year ago, all numbers unchanged from August, according to Dow Jones consensus estimates. "My sense is that the both the September report and the revisions for July and August will suggest a little bit brighter outlook than is commonly assumed, but not much to brag about," said Joseph Brusuelas, chief economist at RSM. "The labor market is holding in there, just like the economy." Though the report will be backward-looking, it at least will provide some fodder for investors, economists and Federal Reserve officials who have had to rely on a host of private alternative data during the record-long shutdown in Washington, D.C. ET, the release is forecast to show a gain of 50,000 jobs in the public and private sectors, up from the initially reported 22,000 in August but still indicative of a soft labor market. Fed Chair Jerome Powell recently referred to the situation as "driving in the fog" and cautioned against looking at further interest rate cuts as guaranteed while officials look for direction. "Because of the duration of the shutdown, I don't think we're going to get a clean reading until early February on where the labor market's at." Nevertheless, other data, such as the private payrolls running tally from ADP along with layoff announcements from job placement firm Challenger, Gray & Christmas and a host of other indicators are providing some clues on where the labor market stands. "While it is always nice to have more data, as economists, we are skilled at using whatever available data there is to formulate forecasts." Judging by data revealed so far, Goldman Sachs holds an above-consensus view of 80,000 jobs created in September but sees a decline of 50,000 in October, due largely to the expiration of the federal government's deferred resignation program from cuts associated with Elon Musk's Department of Government Efficiency. "While we do not expect the Bureau of Labor Statistics to produce an October unemployment rate, we estimate it likely would have increased, reflecting upward pressure from shutdown-related furloughs and increases in broader measures of labor market slack," Goldman economists Ronnie Walker and Jessica Rindels said in a note.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/11/19/fed-minutes-october-2025.html
Article: Federal Reserve officials were at odds during their October meeting over cutting interest rates, divided over whether a stalling labor market or stubborn inflation were bigger economic threats, minutes released Wednesday showed. Disagreements stretched into the outlook for December, with officials expressing skepticism about the need for an additional reduction that markets had been widely anticipating, with "many" saying that no more cuts are needed at least in 2025. "Several participants assessed that a further lowering of the target range for the federal funds rate could well be appropriate in December if the economy evolved about as they expected over the coming intermeeting period," the minutes said. "Many participants suggested that, under their economic outlooks, it would likely be appropriate to keep the target range unchanged for the rest of the year." In Fed parlance, "many" is more than "several," indicating a tilt against a December cut. Powell told reporters that a December cut was not a "foregone conclusion." "In discussing the near-term course of monetary policy, participants expressed strongly differing views about what policy decision would most likely be appropriate at the Committee's December meeting," the minutes said. Judging from public statements, the panel is divided between inflation doves including Governors Stephen Miran, Christopher Waller and Michelle Bowman, who prefer cuts as a way to stave off weakness in the labor market. The FOMC agreed to stop the reduction of Treasury and mortgage-backed securities in December, a process that has shaved more than $2.5 trillion off the balance sheet, which is still around $6.6 trillion.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/11/19/bls-october-jobs-data.html
Article: The new date is six days after the Federal Reserve concludes its final policy meeting of the year — leaving the central bank with less information on the state of the economy.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/11/19/from-1-trillion-spending-to-f-35s-us-saudi-pledges-arent-done-deals-yet.html
Article: President Donald Trump welcomes Saudi Crown Prince and Prime Minister Mohammed bin Salman during an arrival ceremony on the South Lawn of the White House in Washington, D.C., U.S., November 18, 2025. President Donald Trump trumpeted Saudi Arabia's $1 trillion investment pledge in the States and the potential sale of American fighter jets to Riyadh, but experts say there are lingering doubts over whether such deals will materialize. Trump rolled out the red carpet for Saudi's de facto ruler Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman as he arrived in Washington on Tuesday for talks ranging from security to civil nuclear energy partnerships. visit by Mohammed bin Salman (or MBS, as he's widely known) was not without controversy as it was the first time he had visited the States since the killing of Saudi critic and journalist Jamal Khashoggi in 2018. Undeterred by global outrage over the death of Khashoggi, and question marks over Saudi Arabia's rehabilitation and invitation to the White House, Trump and MBS said they had "finalized a series of landmark agreements that deepen the U.S.-Saudi strategic partnership." Among them, the White House said in a statement, was Saudi's pledge to increase the $600 billion worth of investments in the U.S. The White House said the bump reflected "deepening trust and momentum for the United States under President Trump's leadership." No further detail was given as to a time-scale around that trillion-dollar investment, however. US President Donald Trump meets with Crown Prince and Prime Minister of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia Mohammed bin Salman in the Oval Office of the White House in Washington, DC on Nov. Brendan Smialowski | AFP | Getty Images A $1 trillion investment is equal to Saudi Arabia's annual economic output in 2023 (of $1.07 trillion) and economists questioned whether that level of investment would, or could, materialize any time soon. In addition to the investment pledges, Trump and MBS discussed the sale of F-35 fighter jets to Saudi Arabia, with the kingdom reportedly looking to buy as many as 48 of the stealth fighter jets in what would be a multibillion-dollar deal. Israel is currently the only country in the Middle East to have F-35s and any sale of such advanced stealth technology to Saudi Arabia could be seen as risky, having the potential to shift military and power dynamics in the fractious region. Trump shrugged off those concerns, telling reporters in the Oval Office on Tuesday that: "We'll be selling F-35s," although he alluded to Israel's discontent, noting: "This [Saudi Arabia] is a great ally, and Israel is a great ally." "I know they'd like you to get planes of reduced calibre, but as far as I'm concerned, I think they are both at a level where they should get top of the line," he added. Ricardo Arduengo | Reuters Analysts say giving Saudi Arabia F-35s before it has signed the Abraham Accords thereby normalizing relations with Israel, would be a reward too far for Riyadh. security partner, and increasing bilateral defense cooperation can further common interests and support efforts to build a regional security architecture that more effectively deters and defeats aggression," Bradley Bowman, a senior director at the Foundation for Defense of Democracies, said in analysis. "However, before providing Riyadh with the F-35, Washington should address concerns related to Riyadh's relationship with China, follow the law regarding Israel's Qualitative Military Edge, and demand that Saudi Arabia first normalize relations with Israel." 'Long road' to supply Lingering and deep-seated differences over a two-state solution could give the White House reasons to hesitate over the supply of F-35s to Saudi Arabia, analysts noted. It's one thing to announce that Saudi Arabia will be permitted to buy the F 35 this advanced stealth fighter, but it's another thing to actually have planes touching down and taking off from Saudi runways," Paul Musgrave, associate professor of Government at Georgetown University in Qatar, told CNBC Wednesday. And when you start to get into the details about who's going to transfer what technology at what point, that's where Congress — which is, I think fair to say, a little bit more friendly toward Israel than to towards Saudi Arabia — is going to have some input." watch now

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/11/17/china-soybean-mountain-exports-trump-xi-us-farmers-trade-deal-brazil-crop-legumes.html
Article: China, the world's largest consumer of soybeans, has built up a glut of supplies after months of aggressive stockpiling, which analysts said allowed Beijing to slow-walk its purchase agreement even as both sides touted improved relations. Department of Agriculture report released last Friday showed only two Chinese purchases of American soybeans since the summit between Trump and Chinese President Xi Jinping in South Korea, totaling 332,000 metric tons from Oct. "Beijing's promises to American presidents have historically had a short expiration date, and Xi's promises to Trump about soybean purchases will likely be the same," said Michael Sobolik, a senior fellow at policy research house Hudson Institute. Head of Commodities at BMI Sabrin Chowdhury The legumes have long been a political flashpoint in U.S.-China trade tensions, with Beijing squeezing American farmers earlier this year when it boycotted U.S. The White House last month stated that Beijing also agreed, under a sweeping bilateral pact, to purchase 25 million tons annually over the next three years, although that would fall short of the 26.8 million tons China bought last year. Beijing's stockpiling Chinese processors of raw soybeans, also known as crushers, pig farmers and feed producers have built up inventories that exceed typical levels, while state reserves have added further cushion. Little sign of big buying Industry participants said they see little evidence of a major buying program from China's state grain importers, such as COFCO and Sinograin, which would likely handle the bulk of the promised purchases. "There's very little indication that these state buyers are engaged in a program to purchase 12 mmt ahead of the end of this year, let alone 25 mmt more for calendar year 2026," Arlan Suderman, chief commodities economist at StoneX, wrote in a note on Nov. At the country's largest agricultural imports expo last week, Chen Chao, a director at China's Ministry of Commerce, described agricultural trade as a cornerstone of the broader U.S.–China economic relationship. In another diplomatic gesture, top Chinese trade negotiator Li Chenggang met with a delegation of American agricultural groups earlier this month, during which he vowed to create a favorable environment for agricultural trade cooperation. Soybeans as a bargaining chip "Beijing is likely to vary the quantity of soybean imports according to geopolitical temperature, increasing when relations are better and decreasing when worse," said Sabrin Chowdhury, head of Commodities at BMI, noting that imports of the American crop will remain "a bargaining chip" for Beijing's trade talks with Washington. Beijing's use of soybeans as leverage in the wider trade dispute — squeezing American farmers who formed a key voting bloc for Trump and the Republican Party — is hardly new. During Trump's first term, Beijing reduced imports of the crop in retaliation for American tariffs and export controls — a pressure that prompted the administration to negotiate a deal for Beijing to buy $200 billion worth of U.S. But a deeper reliance on South America carries its own risks for China, including potentially higher costs, longer shipping distances, and greater exposure to weather volatility in Brazil and Argentina.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/11/14/heres-where-things-stand-on-when-the-government-will-start-releasing-key-economic-reports.html
Article: A day later, the BLS will release real earnings, a companion report to the monthly consumer price index that did not come out simultaneously in October because average earnings earnings, which are part of the payrolls report, were not released. "The absence of timely official numbers left the markets and the Fed operating in a data fog, forced to scour alternate sources to gauge the underlying outlook," Bank of America economist Shruti Mishra said in a note. "With the shutdown resolved, all eyes will now be on the incoming data dump." The shutdown not only halted data collection and releases, but it also complicated the picture once the data does start coming out.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/11/13/trump-tariffs-high-beef-prices.html
Article: "When you impose an extra 50% tariff on a major supplier like Brazil, importers may keep buying and pass costs along, or they may stop buying, but that means less supply to meet the demand," said Dan Anthony, president of economic research firm Trade Partnership Worldwide. The most recent consumer price index report from the Bureau of Labor Statistics for the month of September showed prices for a variety of uncooked beef products rising year over year between 12% and 18%. Bloomberg | Bloomberg | Getty Images Cattle ranchers have had difficulties increasing the herd because of drought, which has diminished the amount of grasslands to feed their herds, and the higher costs in buying feed. "Producers start second-guessing whether to hold back heifers or take the money today because uncertainty adds risk to ranchers wanting to retain or purchase heifers to rebuild their herds," Clement said. President Trump added to frustration among ranchers when he announced as part of a deal with Argentina in October having the country export beef into the United States to help lower beef prices, which the National Cattlemen's Beef Association said would harm rural America and do nothing to help solve the issues in the domestic cattle market.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/11/12/atlanta-fed-president-bostic-says-hell-leave-position-when-his-term-expires.html
Article: "I'm proud of what we accomplished during my tenure to turn the lofty goal of an economy that works for everyone into more of a reality, and I look forward to discovering new ways to advance that bold vision in my next chapter," Bostic said in a statement. Regional presidents serve five-year terms that generally run in sync and are designed to expire on years that end in either 1 or 6, which will be the case next year. And his steady voice has exemplified the best of public service — grounded in analysis, informed by experience, and guided by purpose." Until the board names a successor, Cheryl Venable, the first vice president and chief operating officer at the Atlanta Fed, will handle the role of president. The controversy was part of a larger issue with investments from Fed officials that triggered tighter internal controls and rules over what types of securities they are permitted to hold.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/11/11/when-the-government-data-will-start-rolling-out-with-the-shutdown-ending-and-what-it-is-likely-to-show.html
Article: Assuming the government reopens before the end of the week, Goldman figures the Labor Department's Bureau of Labor Statistics will put out an updated schedule of releases in the early part of next week. "The shutdown of the federal government has delayed nearly all federal economic data releases for September and October," Goldman Sachs economists Elsie Peng and Ronnie Walker said in a client note. "While the shutdown appears to be nearing its end, it will take time for the statistical agencies to work through the backlog of releases." From there, though, it will take the various agencies, primarily in the departments of Labor and Commerce, to get up and rolling again as it regards data collection and releases. "Although some important federal government data have been delayed due to the shutdown, the public- and private-sector data that have remained available suggest that the outlook for employment and inflation has not changed much since our meeting in September," Powell said at an Oct. "Conditions in the labor market appear to be gradually cooling, and inflation remains somewhat elevated." Economists surveyed by Dow Jones had been expecting the October nonfarm payrolls report to show a loss of 60,000 jobs. Powell said Fed estimates put the key inflation rate at 2.8% for September, which is still considerably above the central bank's 2% target but expected to decelerate gradually through 2026.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/11/11/ghost-job-postings-add-another-layer-of-uncertainty-to-stalled-jobs-picture.html
Article: The level of job openings as reported by the Bureau of Labor Statistics for years has shown there are at least as many available positions as there are unemployed workers. Millions of openings suggest opportunity, but many are illusions," said Jasmine Escalera, career expert at MyPerfectResume, an employment assistance platform that released a report this week on the shadow employment market. "The ghost job economy inflates hope, wastes job seekers' time and clouds the data [that] policymakers rely on to steer the economy." Job openings have generally been on the decline since peaking above 12 million in March 2022, when opportunities outnumbered available workers by better than 2 to 1.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/11/11/stocks-are-buoying-wealthy-sentiment-a-labor-market-break-could-end-that.html
Article: "If you start getting negative job prints, the jig is up." K-shape economy Economists told CNBC that the stock market is behaving as if the economy is "K"-shaped, with the best-off thriving while the lower end struggles. The group's resilience even in the face of high tariffs this year and the brief April swoon in stocks has eased concern about the likelihood of the economy tipping into a recession anytime soon. RSM chief economist Joe Brusuelas, for example, said that while he doesn't expect top end consumers to crack and cause a recession, the Michigan survey data underscores "severe market stress" on lower-end consumers that don't own stocks and aren't benefiting from the artificial intelligence trade. "It points to [a] very highly segmented economy with different realities based on which economic decile you live in." In other words, how much money you make and how many investments you hold. Housing wealth too The best-off consumers also likely benefit from rising home prices on their properties and, in many instances, low mortgage rates obtained during the Covid pandemic, according to Jeffrey Roach, LPL Financial's chief economist.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/11/10/nexperia-parent-wingtech-shares-beijing-china-signals-thaw-in-tensions-with-netherlands-dutch-hague.html
Article: Shares of Wingtech Technology , parent company of chipmaker Nexperia, extended gains on Monday after Beijing agreed to further talks with a Dutch delegation, easing concerns about a global auto supply crunch. Shanghai-listed Wingtech Technology saw its shares jump as much as 6.4% on Monday, according to LSEG data, after surging 9.7% in the final minutes of trading last Friday on signs of de-escalation in a battle over control of the Dutch-based Nexperia. The Chinese Commerce Ministry said in a statement Sunday that it had taken steps to allow exports of certain chips from Nexperia's China facility, while urging the European Union to press the Dutch government to lift restrictions on the firm. In a separate statement on Saturday, Beijing said that it has agreed to the Dutch government's request to send representatives to Beijing for talks, and that it hoped the Netherlands would propose "constructive solutions" and take "concrete actions" to resolve the dispute over Nexperia soon. The move followed a statement from Dutch Economic Affairs Minister Vincent Karremans last Thursday, which suggested Nexperia chips would reach customers in Europe and beyond in the coming days, citing "the constructive nature of our talks with the Chinese authorities." China and the U.S. 30, citing security concerns that the company would shift its operations to China, where its parent company Wingtech is based, prompting Beijing to retaliate by blocking exports of components from Nexperia's Chinese facility.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/11/07/consumer-sentiment-shutdown.html
Article: Volunteers load boxes of food into cars during an event held by the Community FoodBank of New Jersey in partnership with Bergen County to deliver emergency food relief to Federal workers and SNAP recipients amid the U.S. Worries over the government shutdown surged in the early part of November, pushing consumer sentiment to its lowest in more than three years and just off its worst level ever, according to a University of Michigan survey released Friday. The university's monthly Index of Consumer Sentiment posted a reading of 50.3 for the month, indicating a decline of 6.2% on the month and about 30% from a year ago. The current conditions index slid to 52.3, a drop of nearly 11% from last month and the lowest in its history going back to 1951, while the future expectations measure fell to 49.0, down 2.6%.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/11/06/chicago-feds-goolsbee-says-hes-cautious-about-further-rate-cuts-during-shutdown.html
Article: While Goolsbee has otherwise been an advocate for gradually lowering rates, the central bank official said during a CNBC interview that he has concerns over the lack of important price reports, particularly with general inflation recently trending higher. "If there are problems developing on the inflation side, it's going to be a fair amount bit of time before we see that, where if it starts to deteriorate on the job market side, we're going to see that pretty much right away," Goolsbee said. with front-loading rate cuts and counting on the inflation that we have seen in the last three months to just be transitory and assume that they're going to go away." Goolsbee spoke as the Chicago Fed updated its own dashboard of labor market indicators. Goolsbee said the lack of inflation reports concerns him, as three-month trends before the shutdown showed core inflation, which excludes food and energy prices, running at a 3.6% annualized pace. "When it's foggy, let's just be a little careful and slow down." Goolsbee will get a vote when the Federal Open Market Committee meets in December to decide whether to cut rates again following reductions at the prior two meetings.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/11/06/job-cuts-in-october-hit-highest-level-for-the-month-in-22-years-challenger-says.html
Article: Layoff announcements soared in October as companies recalibrated staffing levels during the artificial intelligence boom, a sign of potential trouble ahead for the labor market, according to outplacement firm Challenger, Gray & Christmas. "At a time when job creation is at its lowest point in years, the optics of announcing layoffs in the fourth quarter are particularly unfavorable." The report provides a glimpse into the labor market at a time when the government has suspended data gathering and releases during the shutdown in Washington, D.C. To be sure, the Challenger monthly numbers can be highly volatile, and an accelerated pace of layoffs has yet to show up in state-level weekly jobless claim filings that continue to come in despite the shutdown. The central bank has lowered its benchmark interest rate twice since September and is expected to approve another quarter percentage point reduction in December as policymakers look to get ahead of any more serious problems. Consumer products also saw a sharp gain to 3,409, while nonprofits, an area hit hard by the shutdown, listed 27,651 cuts year to date, up 419% from the same point in 2024. "Some industries are correcting after the hiring boom of the pandemic, but this comes as AI adoption, softening consumer and corporate spending, and rising costs drive belt-tightening and hiring freezes.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/11/06/bank-of-england-rate-cut-a-close-call-ahead-of-the-autumn-budget.html
Article: Niklas Halle'n | Afp | Getty Images LONDON — The Bank of England on Thursday voted narrowly to hold interest rates steady, exercising caution ahead of the government's Autumn Budget in November. Out of the BOE's nine-member monetary policy committee, five members voted to hold the key interest rate, known as Bank Rate, at 4%, while four opted for a 25 basis point cut. As for the timing of the next cut, Bailey said he would be watching inflation and labor market data that'll be released before the last monetary policy meeting of the year, on Dec.18. "I'll certainly be looking at the rest of this year and the evidence we see between now and our last meeting," Bailey noted, adding that the MPC would also be able to incorporate Chancellor Rachel Reeves' budget, due Nov.26, into the central bank's assessment. "[BOE Governor Andrew] Bailey has made it clear he wants a bit more data and that was certainly my judgement, that there is a lot of value in waiting for December. Cuts coming There is a general consensus that rate-setters could trim rates as soon as December, and will cut again over the coming year in response to expected cooling inflation — the rate of which remained unchanged for the third consecutive month in September, at 3.8% — and a softening of labor market data. Most MPC members are more concerned about the implications of cutting rates too quickly rather than too slowly, Oxford Economics noted in analysis, and the BOE will want to see evidence of sustained downside surprises in the data and pay growth slowing to a target-consistent pace before voting to cut again. For example, a move up in the unemployment rate to 4.9% in September could be significant, as well as further soft sequential gains in core CPI services and private pay." Autumn Budget The fact the central bank's meeting this month came ahead of the upcoming Autumn Budget on Nov. It's widely expected that Chancellor Rachel Reeves will announce tax rises as she looks to fill a fiscal black hole estimated to be anywhere between £20-50 billion ($20-$65.2 billion), based on assumed forecasts of lower productivity, servicing debt and the cost of U-turns on welfare spending cuts, among other things. Earlier this week Reeves gave a clearer indication that tax rises are coming and is she is expected to consider increasing income tax as one way to raise revenues, but she has not given any further detail.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/5/us-supreme-court-allows-texas-to-use-redrawn-district-map-for-2026-midterms?traffic_source=rss
Article: The United States Supreme Court has ruled that the southern state of Texas may proceed with using a controversial map of congressional districts designed to favour Republicans in the 2026 midterm elections. A nationwide trend The controversy started in June, when reports emerged that President Donald Trump was pushing Texas state legislators to adopt a new congressional map, one that would help Republicans scoop up an extra five seats in the US House of Representatives. Then, in November, voters in California approved a ballot initiative championed by Democratic Governor Gavin Newsom that would suspend the state’s independent election commission and replace its work with a new partisan map. Advertisement While the Supreme Court has acknowledged that partisan gerrymandering can threaten democracy, it has ruled that federal courts cannot determine whether legislatures have gone too far in redrawing their maps. In November, in a two-to-one decision, the US District Court for Western Texas sided with plaintiffs who argued that the new Texas map was explicitly designed to dilute the power of Black and Latino voters in the state. If the motive behind the new Texas map was simply race-based, Alito asserted that it was up to the plaintiffs to show how a partisan map would differ from a race-based one. “Texas is paving the way as we take our country back, district by district, state by state.” But in a stinging dissent, Justice Elena Kagan questioned whether her colleagues on the Supreme Court had thoroughly considered the evidence. Texas largely divided its citizens along racial lines to create its new pro-Republican House map, in violation of the Constitution’s Fourteenth and Fifteenth Amendments.” The district court, Kagan pointed out, also explained its reasoning in a lengthy 160-page decision, not just a brief emergency order. “We are a higher court than the District Court, but we are not a better one when it comes to making such a fact-based decision.” Despite the legal setback, the plaintiffs in Thursday’s case and other advocates have pledged to continue their fight against Texas’s redistricting efforts. “No matter what Donald Trump or his hand-picked Supreme Court throw our way, we’re going to keep fighting.” The Trump administration itself is in the midst of a court challenge against California’s partisan redistricting efforts.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/5/trump-can-keep-national-guard-in-washington-dc-for-now-appeals-court?traffic_source=rss
Article: A United States appeals court has issued a stay on a lower court’s order requiring the administration of US President Donald Trump to withdraw the National Guard from Washington, DC, in the coming weeks. The decision on Thursday by a three-judge panel of the US Court of Appeals for the DC Circuit granted a Trump administration request for a pause on a previous order as it considers its response. The Trump administration has deployed at least 2,000 National Guard troops – reservists who are not full-time soldiers – to Washington, DC, as part of what he has described as part of an anti-crime and beautification initiative. Nevertheless, Cobb ruled in November that the Trump administration had “acted contrary to law” by deploying the National Guard for “non-military, crime-deterrence missions in the absence of a request from the city’s civil authorities”.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/5/us-military-kills-four-in-latest-strike-on-boat-in-the-caribbean?traffic_source=rss
Article: The attack on Thursday comes as the administration of US President Donald Trump has faced renewed scrutiny over the strikes after it was revealed that a targeted boat had been struck twice during a September 2 attack. “Bradley was very clear that he was given no such order, to give no quarter or to kill them all,” said Republican Senator Tom Cotton, who heads the Senate Intelligence Committee, according to The Associated Press news agency. Smith said video of the attack showed the survivors were “basically two shirtless people clinging to the bow of a capsized and inoperable boat, drifting in the water – until the missiles come and kill them.” Even prior to revelations over the September 2 double-strike attack, rights groups have said the strikes were tantamount to extrajudicial killings. Earlier this week, the family of Alejandro Carranza, filed a complaint to a regional rights body, saying the Colombian fisherman’s right to life was violated when he was wrongfully killed in a US strike in September. The Trump administration has framed the attack as part of a broader “war” against so-called “narco-terrorists”, but no declaration of war or use of force laws have been approved by Congress.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/4/trump-hails-great-day-for-the-world-as-drc-rwanda-finalise-peace-deal?traffic_source=rss
Article: United States President Donald Trump has hosted the leaders of Rwanda and the Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC) to sign a peace deal that could end the conflict between the two countries. The agreement has raised hopes of ending the conflict in the DRC, where the March 23 Movement (M23), a Rwanda-backed armed group, has been advancing deeper into the resource-rich east of the country. The renewed violence had raised fears of a full-blown conflict, akin to the wars that the DRC endured in the late 1990s, which involved several African countries and killed millions of people. Rwanda’s main grievance with the DRC focuses on accusations that the Central African country has been harbouring ethnic Hutu militias linked to the 1994 Rwanda genocide, which targeted the country’s Tutsi population. The Trump-backed peace deal stipulates that Rwanda will end its support for M23 and the DRC will help “neutralise” Hutu militias – namely, the Democratic Forces for the Liberation of Rwanda. “They bring together, under a coherent architecture, a declaration of principles of a peace agreement and also the regional economic integration framework to provide to the peoples of the region a new perspective, a new outlook,” Tshisekedi said. “Rwanda will not be found wanting, I can assure you of that.” Reporting from Washington, DC, Al Jazeera’s Alan Fisher said the leaders of the DRC and Rwanda appeared to acknowledge that it will take more than a signing ceremony for the agreement to stick. “So the pressure is on the United States, on the African leaders and, of course, on the two countries to make sure that what develops from here is something that can develop into a lasting peace.” The DRC had signed a separate deal with M23 in July.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/4/new-york-times-sues-pentagon-over-rules-limiting-access-for-media?traffic_source=rss
Article: The New York Times newspaper, one of the largest in the United States, has filed a lawsuit against the Pentagon that seeks to overturn new rules limiting access to media outlets. In the filing on Thursday, the newspaper said the rules imposed by Defense Secretary Pete Hegseth violate the US Constitution’s First Amendment freedom of speech guarantees, as well as its due process provisions. Several outlets, including The New York Times, have left offices located inside the Pentagon instead of agreeing to the new rules, reshaping the press corps inside the building to include mostly outlets seen as friendly to the administration of US President Donald Trump. “The policy is an attempt to exert control over reporting the government dislikes,” Charles Stadtlander, spokesman for the Times, said in a statement after the case was filed with the US District Court in Washington, DC. News outlets have continued to report on the military from outside of the facility since October, breaking several stories in recent weeks, including a so-called double-tap strike on a boat in the Caribbean that experts say may constitute a war crime. Still, the Times argues in the lawsuit that the denial of access restricts its reporters’ ability to do their jobs and will, in turn, “deprive the public of vital information about the United States military and its leadership”. Advertisement The policy enacted under Hegseth states that receiving or publishing sensitive information “is generally protected by the First Amendment”, but adds that soliciting the disclosure of such information “may weigh in the consideration of whether you pose a security or safety risk”. “So, we’re not going to beg these old gatekeepers to come back, and we’re not rebuilding a broken model just to appease them.” In a statement, the Pentagon Press Association, a group that represents journalists who cover the agency, said it was encouraged by the Times’ “effort to step up and defend press freedom”. “The Defense Department’s attempt to limit how credentialed reporters gather the news and what information they may publish is antithetical to a free and independent press and prohibited by the First Amendment,” it said.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/sports/2025/12/4/real-betis-vs-barcelona-la-liga-teams-start-lineups?traffic_source=rss
Article: Who: Real Betis vs Barcelona What: Spain’s La Liga Where: Estadio Benito Villamarin in Seville, Spain When: Saturday, December 6 at 6:30pm (17:30 GMT) How to follow: We’ll have all the build-up on Al Jazeera Sport from 14:30 GMT in advance of our text commentary stream. Defending champions Barcelona travel to Real Betis on Saturday with the chance to extend their lead to four points at the top of the La Liga table, with second-placed Real Madrid not playing Celta Vigo until Sunday. It has been a mixed period of results for the Catalan giants, however, and Betis are a side riding the crest of last season’s wave, which saw them reach the Europa Conference final. It was only their second league defeat of the season and preceded the five-match winning streak in La Liga, which has netted 17 goals in that time with only five conceded. The gap to the top four – and the Champions League qualification spots – is 11 points, however, making this game in hand on those above crucial for their ambitions this season. The game in hand for Betis follows their participation in the Copa del Rey in midweek, which saw them advance with a 4-1 win at Torrent of the Spanish third division. The home side claimed a 5-1 victory in the January fixture with goals from Gavi, Jules Kounde, Raphinha, Ferran Torres and Lamine Yamal all settling the tie before Vitor Roque’s consolation penalty in the 84th minute. While all eight home matches have resulted in victories, Barca have found their travels more difficult with 16 goals scored and 12 conceded in their seven away games, of which they have won four. Advertisement Of their last five away games in all competitions, the Flick’s side have lost three and drawn one – they have also conceded 14 goals in that run on the road. Head-to-head – Real Betis vs Barcelona This is the 71st meeting between the sides with Barcelona winning on 38 occasions and Betis claiming the spoils from 10 of the meetings. Real Betis predicted lineup Valles; Ruibal, Natan, Bartra, Gomez; Altimira, Roca; Antony, Fornals, Ezzalzouli; Hernandez Barcelona predicted lineup J Garcia; Kounde, Cubarsi, Martin, Balde; De Jong, E Garcia; Yamal, Pedri, Raphinha; Lewandowski

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/4/putin-challenges-us-pressure-on-india-over-russian-oil-during-state-visit?traffic_source=rss
Article: Click here to share on social media Russian President Vladimir Putin has questioned Washington’s stance on India’s oil purchases from Moscow, pointing to US imports of Russian nuclear fuel as he began a state visit aimed at strengthening ties between the two nations. Putin arrived in New Delhi on Thursday evening to a warm airport reception from Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi, who embraced the Russian leader in a rare gesture that underscored their personal rapport. “The United States itself still buys nuclear fuel from us for its own nuclear power plants,” he said, adding that if the US has the right to buy Russian fuel, India should enjoy “the same privilege”. Modi posted on social media that he was “delighted to welcome my friend, President Putin to India,” calling their relationship “a time tested one that has greatly benefitted our people”. India-Russia friendship is a time tested one that has greatly benefitted our people.@KremlinRussia_E pic.twitter.com/L7IORzRfV9 — Narendra Modi (@narendramodi) December 4, 2025 Al Jazeera’s Neha Poonia, reporting from New Delhi, said the reception sent a clear message. Advertisement “Experts say that the warm reception for President Putin [shows] that he is not a pariah, that there are countries that will accept him despite pressure from western nations,” over Russia’s full-scale invasion of Ukraine, she said, adding that Modi wanted to signal “he won’t give into pressure from Donald Trump.” Putin defended the energy relationship, telling Indian media that cooperation with India “remains unaffected by political swings or the tragic events in Ukraine”. India’s oil imports from Russia surged from just 2.5 percent of total crude purchases before 2022 to nearly 36 percent currently, making it the world’s second-largest buyer of Russian oil. The Russian leader received a warm personal welcome from Prime Minister @narendramodi.#DruzhbaDosti pic.twitter.com/jUeufbIdCv — MFA Russia 🇷🇺 (@mfa_russia) December 4, 2025 Indian refiners have saved approximately $12.20 per barrel by purchasing discounted Russian crude. Russia is pushing to sell India additional S-400 missile defence systems and Su-57 stealth fighter jets, while both sides aim to reach $100bn in bilateral trade by 2030, though the target now appears distant as oil imports decline.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/economy/2025/12/4/us-senators-unveil-bill-to-keep-trump-from-allowing-ai-chip-sales-to-china?traffic_source=rss
Article: A bipartisan group of United States senators, including prominent Republican China hawk Tom Cotton, has unveiled a bill that would block the administration of President Donald Trump from loosening rules restricting Beijing’s access to artificial intelligence chips for 2.5 years. It would require the Commerce Department, which oversees export controls, to deny any licence requests for buyers in China, Russia, Iran or North Korea to receive US AI chips more advanced than the ones they currently are allowed to obtain for 30 months. The legislation, which was co-sponsored by Republican Dave McCormick and Democrats Jeanne Shaheen and Andy Kim, represents a rare effort led in part by Trump’s own party to stop him from further relaxing tech export restrictions on China. Faced with new Chinese export curbs on the rare earth metals that global tech companies rely on, Trump’s Commerce Department imposed and then rolled back curbs on Nvidia’s H20 AI chips, a move that was criticised by Republican Representative John Moolenaar, who chairs the House Select Committee on China. As part of negotiations with China to delay its own rare earth controls, Trump pushed back by a year a rule to restrict US tech exports to units of already-blacklisted Chinese companies and has pledged to nix a Biden-era rule restricting AI chip exports globally to countries based in part on concerns around chip smuggling to China.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/features/2025/12/4/who-was-yasser-abu-shabab-israel-backed-militia-leader-killed-in-gaza?traffic_source=rss
Article: The killing of Gaza militia leader Yasser Abu Shabab, confirmed by his Popular Forces group and by Israeli media, is the final chapter of a man who tried to present himself – with Israeli support – as an alternative to Hamas, but who was widely derided by Palestinians as a collaborator. In his early 30s and from southern Gaza’s Bedouin Tarabin tribe, Abu Shabab was largely unknown in the Palestinian enclave until his emergence at the head of a militia last year. Initially called the “Anti-Terror Service”, by May this year it had popularised itself as the “Popular Forces”, a well-armed group of at least 100 fighters operating in Israeli-controlled areas of Gaza. That branding served a purpose for Israel, even if its end goal for the group was never clear, particularly once it became evident that the Popular Forces lacked any form of mass popular appeal. That was because, for many Palestinians, Abu Shabab was a criminal – he had been imprisoned by Palestinian authorities in Gaza for a number of years on drug-related charges prior to escaping from jail in the early part of the war on Gaza. His subsequent alliance with Israel, as it committed a genocide in Gaza killing more than 70,120 people, was immediately disqualifying for most Palestinians – including his own tribe, who said in a statement that his killing served as “the end of a dark chapter that does not represent the history of the tribe”. Advertisement The initial branding of his group in the language of “anti-terrorism” is somewhat ironic considering reports of his links to ISIL (ISIS), although they are mostly related to cooperation in smuggling from Egypt’s Sinai Peninsula into Gaza, rather than any shared ideology. There has also always been a disparity between Abu Shabab’s background and his social media presence, with English-language posts and even an opinion piece published by the Wall Street Journal. But while Abu Shabab attempted to downplay his links to Israel, Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu admitted in June that his government was using armed clans – which media reports made clear were Abu Shabab’s forces – to fight Hamas. The idea of using such forces was, according to Netanyahu, the result of advice from security officials, even after past failed attempts at working with local groups such as the South Lebanon Army in Israel’s northern neighbour. Looting The Popular Forces has sought to portray itself as a group helping to distribute much-needed aid to Palestinians in Gaza, particularly at sites run by the US- and Israeli-backed GHF. Abu Shabab told CNN that he led “a group of citizens from this community who have volunteered to protect humanitarian aid from looting and corruption”, and his group shares pictures of its forces distributing aid. But Abu Shabab and the Popular Forces have since been accused of looting from aid convoys, with an internal United Nations memo seen by the Washington Post calling him “the main and most influential stakeholder behind systematic and massive looting”, and security sources in Gaza confirming to Al Jazeera Arabic that the Israeli-backed group had participated in looting. Those accusations, as Gaza suffered from a famine brought on by Israeli restrictions on aid access and its destruction of Palestinian infrastructure, added to the perception that Abu Shabab was simply an Israeli proxy.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/video/newsfeed/2025/12/4/gaza-war-amputees-mark-international-disabilities-day?traffic_source=rss
Article: NewsFeed Gaza war amputees mark International Disabilities Day Palestinians with a range of disabilities came together in Gaza to mark the International Day of Persons with Disabilities, as campaigners called for better recognition of disabled people.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/video/newsfeed/2025/12/4/fifa-world-cup-draw-to-be-announced-as-trophy-arrives-in-washington?traffic_source=rss
Article: FIFA World Cup draw to be announced as trophy arrives in Washington NewsFeed FIFA World Cup draw to be announced as trophy arrives in Washington The FIFA World Cup 2026 draw takes place Friday in Washington, DC, where the trophy has been on display.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/4/last-foreign-carriers-halt-flights-to-venezuela-after-trumps-airspace-ban?traffic_source=rss
Article: Bogota, Colombia – The last international airlines flying to Venezuela have suspended routes to the country, days after United States President Donald Trump declared the South American country’s airspace closed. Panamanian carrier Copa and its Colombian budget subsidiary Wingo announced Wednesday evening that routes to Caracas would be suspended on December 4 and 5, while Colombian state airline Satena and Bolivian flagship carrier Boliviana de Aviacion also cancelled flights on Thursday. “Due to intermittent problems today with one of the navigation signals during its flight to Caracas… [Copa and Wingo] took the preventive decision to temporarily suspend flights to and from this city,” wrote Copa and Wingo in statements. The companies added that the interruptions “at no time compromised operational safety”, with a spokesperson telling Al Jazeera that aircraft from both carriers had been affected by the signal problems. The suspensions also follow a 90-day warning issued on November 21 by the US Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) of risks to commercial planes flying in Venezuelan airspace, which prompted several major carriers to suspend flights. It is unfortunate that due to the political situation, Venezuelans must live with so much uncertainty.” The cancellations complicate travel plans, especially for those in Venezuela who may have to undertake risky overland journeys.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/video/inside-story/2025/12/4/what-is-at-stake-in-french-presidential-visit-to-china?traffic_source=rss
Article: Presenter: Tom McRae Guests: Andy Mok – Senior research fellow at the Center for China and Globalization in Beijing Remi Bourgeot – Associate fellow at the French Institute for International and Strategic Affairs in Paris Ben Aris – Founder and editor in chief of bne IntelliNews

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/4/spain-ireland-boycott-eurovision-song-contest-over-israels-inclusion?traffic_source=rss
Article: The response on Thursday came immediately after the European Broadcasting Union (EBU), which runs the competition, said there would not be a vote on whether to exclude Israel, despite calls from some countries to do so. Opponents of Israel’s participation criticise it over its genocidal war on Palestinians in Gaza – which has so far killed at least 70,125 people – and over allegations that it unfairly intervened in the most recent competition to the benefit of its entrant. In a statement which cleared Israel to take part, the EBU said on Thursday that its members had shown “clear support for reforms to reinforce trust and protect [the] neutrality” of the contest. Ireland will not take part in Eurovision 2026 either, with its broadcaster RTE citing “the appalling loss of lives in Gaza and humanitarian crisis” as the reason for its boycott. “The situation in Gaza, despite the ceasefire and the approval of the peace process, and the use of the contest for political goals by Israel, make it increasingly difficult to keep Eurovision a neutral cultural event,” its secretary-general, Alfonso Morales, said in a statement. Israeli President Isaac Herzog welcomed the EBU announcement, arguing that his country, which says it faces a global smear campaign, “deserves to be represented on every stage around the world”.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/video/newsfeed/2025/12/4/rwanda-drc-presidents-sign-washington-accord-peace-deal?traffic_source=rss
Article: NewsFeed Rwanda, DRC presidents sign ‘Washington Accord’ peace deal The presidents of Rwanda and the Democratic Republic of the Congo have signed the “Washington Accord” peace deal aimed at stabilising their region and attracting Western mining investment.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/sports/2025/12/4/qatar-keep-alive-fifa-arab-cup-hopes-with-syria-draw-as-palestine-top-group?traffic_source=rss
Article: Tournament hosts Qatar kept alive their FIFA Arab Cup 2025 hopes, avoiding a shock early elimination, following a 1-1 draw with Syria in Group A at the Khalifa International Stadium in Al Rayyan. Despite dominating proceedings, with 18 attempts on goal while Syria only managed two efforts on target, Qatar’s nerves were heightened as they had to wait until the 77th minute to find the breakthrough. The group now goes to the final round of games on Sunday when Qatar face Tunisia at Al Bayt Stadium in Al Khor, while Syria face Palestine at Education City Stadium in Al Rayyan.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/4/us-authorities-arrest-suspect-in-2021-capitol-hill-pipe-bombs?traffic_source=rss
Article: Authorities in the United States have arrested a suspect believed to be involved in leaving pipe bombs near two major political headquarters in Washington, DC, during the night before the Capitol riot on January 6, 2021. Officials under President Donald Trump also touted the arrest as a victory for the current Republican administration — and a sign of the incompetence under Trump’s predecessor, Democrat Joe Biden. “An investigation spearheaded by the deputy director and the AIC [agent in charge] of our Washington field office brought in a new team of investigators and experts, reexamined every piece of evidence, sifted through all the data — something that the prior administration refused and failed to do.” US Attorney Jeanine Pirro, who was also at the news conference, explained that Cole would be charged with transporting an illegal explosive device and attempting “malicious destruction by means of explosive materials”. “We all know pipe bombs are dangerous, not because of the potential loss of life, the damage the property or injury that they can cause, but also because they are tools that terrorise our community.” Police and law enforcement had gathered early on Thursday morning in a residential neighbourhood in Woodbridge, Virginia, to take Cole into custody. “And now, thanks to the FBI, we know that this defendant was living just miles away from here, in Virginia.” The targets of the 2021 pipe bombing attempt appeared to be the headquarters for the Democratic National Committee and the Republican National Committee, which represent the two biggest political parties in the US. On the night before January 6, 2021, the perpetrator had walked through the densely populated Capitol Hill neighbourhood to arrive near the political party headquarters offices, where he placed the pipe bombs. In one of his first decrees after returning to the White House early in 2025, Trump issued a presidential pardon for more than 1,500 people charged or convicted of criminal offences related to the riot. Inside the investigation In the lead-up to Thursday’s arrest, officials had offered $500,000 for information about the suspect in the pipe bomb case, with the warning that he “may still pose a danger to the public”. Last year, the FBI said it was still working through “thousands of hours conducting interviews, reviewing physical and digital evidence, and assessing tips from the public about who may have placed pipe bombs on Capitol Hill”. While the officials at the news briefing declined to say what evidence ultimately pointed them to Cole, Pirro praised the detailed investigative work that FBI agents and local law enforcement had conducted. “I want you to think about the fact that the FBI had to go through the sale of every one of them to try to find commonality with an individual, along with the purchase of the pipe itself, the cap ends, the wires, the steel and the nine-volt batteries.” Still, despite the complexity of the case, Trump administration officials said the crucial evidence was there all along — and they blamed the Biden administration for failing to act on it.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/4/from-mogadishu-to-minneapolis-somalis-reject-trumps-bigoted-remarks?traffic_source=rss
Article: Somalis and Somali Americans have rejected United States President Donald Trump’s characterisation of their community as “garbage” with a mixture of outrage and creative mockery that has lit up social media platforms. “ When they come from hell and they complain and do nothing but b****, we don’t want them in our country.” The remarks have drawn widespread condemnation from community leaders, Democratic lawmakers and civil rights organisations. We are teachers and doctors and lawyers and even politicians taking part in every part of Minnesota’s economy and the nation’s economy.” Fateh, who ran a campaign for city mayor this year, accused Trump of engaging in “political theatre” to energise his base ahead of the 2026 midterm elections. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) has already begun raids in the area this week, and as of Tuesday, the Trump administration has paused immigration applications from Somalia and 18 other countries. I’m scared that people [are] not showing up to buy from me, and I am like, I don’t want to close my business.” Jaylani Hussein, the executive director of the Council on American-Islamic Relations, framed Trump’s targeting of lawful citizens as a betrayal of American values. Advertisement “Many of these jokes Somalis are making online are showing how ridiculous some of the debates in our society are, from having [an] anti-immigration movement in a land where the natives were genocided to the situation in Gaza and Palestine.” For Faisal Roble, a Somali American and former principal planner for the city of Los Angeles, the social media satire illustrated something distinctly American: an embrace of the First Amendment right to free speech. “Young Somalis have hybrid identities and have utilised the American aspect of it to defend themselves, to build alliances, to mock people who are targeting and have shown skill and bravery despite the attacks,” Roble said. They live their lives and their values and participate.” After racist attacks on social media, Somali Americans are parodying pro-Israel narratives – joking that Minnesota was promised to them “3,000 years ago.” pic.twitter.com/agSBdOr9cH — AJ+ (@ajplus) December 2, 2025 Eyeing the election Roble, however, speculates there could be political machinations behind Trump’s recent attack on the Somali community. “It is election season, and his MAGA base, which he’s appealing to, responds to this type of messaging.” Roble added that many Somalis are Black and Muslim – “two identities some Americans remain uncomfortable with”. “The president’s goal may have been to try to tear me down, but my community and my constituents rallied behind me then, just as they are now.” International consequences Trump’s comments this week have even triggered backlash across the world, in Somalia. During Trump’s past attacks against Omar, Somali Defence Minister Ahmed Moallim Fiqi has pushed back, saying: “If our daughter is being targeted because of her identity, we stand firmly by her side.” Roble, meanwhile, placed the attacks on Somalis within Trump’s broader pattern of targeting communities of colour.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/4/qalqilya-targeted-as-israel-escalates-raids-in-northern-west-bank?traffic_source=rss
Article: The Israeli military stormed the eastern entrance of Qalqilya at dawn on Thursday morning before deploying soldiers through several neighborhoods and establishing what local reports have described as a tight cordon around one, Kafr Saba. According to the Palestinian news agency Wafa, Israeli forces conducted raids on a number of homes in the neighbourhood, including some belonging to the families of Palestinians detained or previously killed by Israeli forces. Dreams of annexation Local Palestinian sources, including Tubas Governor Ahmed Asaad, also claim that the recent uptick in violence in the northern West Bank is aimed primarily at imposing “new realities” in the area around the Jordan Valley, which runs along the West Bank’s border with Jordan. Advertisement Senior politicians in Israel continue to push for an expansion of illegal settlements in the occupied West Bank, and particularly in the Jordan Valley, tightening Israel’s grip on the territory, paving the way for annexation. Annexing the West Bank is a particular focus of the right-wing settler groups that Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has been accused of both encouraging and relying upon to sustain his coalition and his political survival. Reacting to a United Nations nonbinding resolution endorsing a two-state solution in September, Smotrich wrote on social media that, in response, “Israel must apply sovereignty [to the West Bank] as a preventive measure against the reckless attempt to establish a terror state in the heart of our land”. In addition to storming refugee camps in Jenin, Nur Shams, and Tulkarem in January, attacks by the Israeli military, settler groups, or combinations of the two have killed more than 1,000 Palestinians and injured nearly 10,000 across the occupied West Bank, UN figures show.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/4/russias-putin-found-morally-responsible-for-nerve-agent-death-in-uk?traffic_source=rss
Article: A public inquiry has found that Russian President Vladimir Putin bears “moral responsibility” for the death of a British woman in a nerve agent attack in the English city of Salisbury in March 2018, with the UK government responding by sanctioning the Russian intelligence agency (GRU) accused of carrying it out. Speaking on Thursday after the inquiry’s findings were published, its chair, Anthony Hughes, a former senior judge, said Putin had “authorised the mission” to assassinate the former Russian spy Sergei Skripal. Eight years later, he and his daughter Yulia were discovered unconscious on a park bench in Salisbury, poisoned by the Russian nerve agent Novichok that had been daubed on the door handle of their homes. However, Dawn Sturgess, 44, a mother-of-three, died four months later, shortly after spraying herself with what she thought was perfume from a discarded bottle, but which turned out to contain the deadly chemical. Sturgess’ family said her death came as “direct result of Russia’s cruel and cynical attempt to assassinate Sergei Skripal”, but that the British authorities had failed to assess the threat against the former Russian spy, something which “put the British public at risk, and led to Dawn’s death”. ”That is a serious concern, for us now, and for the future.” The inquiry into her death concluded that there had been “failings” around Skripal’s security, but determined it was not “unreasonable” for British intelligence to not consider his assassination risk high.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/4/un-warns-sudans-kordofan-faces-mass-atrocities-as-fighting-spreads?traffic_source=rss
Article: UN human rights chief Volker Turk said on Thursday that history was “repeating itself” in Kordofan following last month’s fall of el-Fasher, the capital of Sudan’s North Darfur state, where warnings of impending violence were largely ignored by the international community before widespread killings occurred. “It is truly shocking to see history repeating itself in Kordofan so soon after the horrific events in el-Fasher,” Turk said, urging global powers to prevent the region from suffering a similar fate. Since late October, when the paramilitary Rapid Support Forces captured Bara, in North Kordofan state, the UN has documented at least 269 civilian deaths from aerial bombardment, artillery fire and summary killings. Amnesty International has since called for war crimes investigations, and the European Union has placed sanctions on Abdelrahim Dagalo, the RSF’s deputy and brother of the group’s chief, Mohamed Hamdan “Hemedti”.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/opinions/2025/12/4/netanyahu-will-win-again-because-in-israel-there-is-none-like-him?traffic_source=rss
Article: The fact that more than 350 Palestinians, including more than 130 children, have been killed during this so-called “ceasefire” is neither here nor there, as is the fact that Israel killed them. Two years later, an unprecedented deal was reached that not only pardoned the Shin Bet members accused — but never convicted — of the extrajudicial killings, but also allowed Shin Bet leaders who manipulated the investigation into the incident to resign without being indicted. He is asking the president (a largely ceremonial role) to stop the trial in the interest of “national unity” and the “stupendous developments” expected (by Netanyahu) in the Middle East. They describe his trial as a personal vendetta by the Israeli legal system, a result of the “crucial” legal and judicial reform Netanyahu began to implement long before October 7, 2023. These supporters, in parliament and the media, consider the uproar in response to Netanyahu’s request a perfect representation of the hatred of the Israeli “deep state” towards Netanyahu and towards Israel in general. They have responded to Netanyahu’s request with gusto that ranges from Environmental Protection Minister Idit Silman warning that if Herzog does not halt the trial, Donald Trump will be “forced to intervene” against Israel’s judicial establishment, to Netanyahu’s personal attorney, Amit Hadad, insisting that the trial must stop so Netanyahu can “get on with the business of healing the nation” and lead Israel through its current crisis. Others don’t care for a solution as much as for the general framing of the issue, calling for a “moderate” approach that would refrain from accusing Netanyahu of corruption but focus instead on his responsibility for the events of October 7, 2023, particularly the dysfunctional behaviour of the Israeli military and other governmental authorities. In all cases, the desirable narrative is one of unity, and unity can only be reached if both “sides” agree to end up with less than 100 percent of what they initially wanted.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/politics/supreme-court/supreme-court-allows-texas-use-new-congressional-district-map-drawn-fa-rcna244696
Article: WASHINGTON — The Supreme Court on Thursday gave a boost to President Donald Trump by allowing Texas to use a new congressional district map in next year’s midterm elections that was drawn to maximize Republican political power. Greg Abbott, the conservative majority paused a lower court ruling that said the map was unlawful because Republican lawmakers, at the direction of the Trump administration, explicitly considered race when drawing new districts. “This map reflects the political climate of our state and is a massive win for Texas and every conservative who is tired of watching the left try to upend the political system with bogus lawsuits,” Texas Attorney General Ken Paxton, who defended the map, said in a statement. "Federal courts have no right to interfere with a State’s decision to redraw legislative maps for partisan reasons," Attorney General Pam Bondi said on X in response to the decision. House Minority Leader Hakeem Jeffries, D-N.Y., posted on X that the Supreme Court had "shredded its credibility by rubber-stamping a racially gerrymandered map." But, he added, the Democrats’ own map-drawing efforts in California and potentially other states would counteract potential Republican gains. The unsigned Supreme Court order said that Texas is “likely to succeed on the merits of its claim,” including that the lower court “failed to honor the presumption of legislative good faith” when assessing the state Legislature’s motives. Justice Elena Kagan wrote in dissent that the decision “disrespects the work of a district court that did everything one could ask” and also “disserves the millions of Texans whom the district court found were assigned to their new districts based on their race.” While no one contests the state's ultimate partisan goal, the lower court found that the map was drawn with the aim of moving certain minority voters into different districts. In a separate concurring opinion pushing back on Kagan, conservative Justice Samuel Alito said that the plaintiffs challenging the map needed to do a better job of showing that race was the motivating factor by, among other things, producing their own map that would show the state’s partisan goals could be achieved by other means. Thomas Saenz, president of the Mexican-American Legal Defense and Educational Fund, one of the groups that challenged the Texas map, said in a statement that the Supreme Court decision incentivized "guerrilla tactics" in redistricting. A Trump administration letter earlier this year said the state could be subject to a federal lawsuit if it did not eliminate “coalition districts” in which nonwhite voters of different races constitute the majority. Thanks to a Supreme Court ruling in 2019, states are free to redistrict in a way intended to maximize the majority party’s political power, but there remain some restrictions under both the Constitution and the Voting Rights Act when race is a factor. In asking the Supreme Court to block the lower court ruling, Texas’ lawyers argued in part that it was too late in the election cycle for federal judges to intervene. The lawsuit was brought by six groups of plaintiffs, including the League of United Latin American Citizens, or LULAC, the Texas NAACP and two members of Congress, Texas Democratic Reps.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/politics/justice-department/grand-jury-declines-indict-ny-attorney-general-letitia-james-less-two-rcna247310
Article: James, a frequent political target of President Donald Trump’s who had successfully brought a fraud lawsuit against him, had previously been indicted by a grand jury on one charge of bank fraud and another of making false statements to a financial institution. In a statement Thursday in response to reports that a grand jury did not re-indict her she said, "As I have said from the start, the charges against me are baseless. It is time for this unchecked weaponization of our justice system to stop." "I am grateful to the members of the grand jury and humbled by the support I have received from across the country. attorney for the Eastern District of Virginia and a former personal attorney to Trump with no prior prosecutorial experience, presented the case to a grand jury on her own in the first go-round — and that case was declared void on Nov. Prosecutors have also been discussing trying to again bring a case against former FBI Director James Comey, who was indicted in October on charges of making a false statement to Congress and obstructing a congressional investigation. The Halligan appointment also came after Trump urged Attorney General Pam Bondi in a social media post to push ahead with prosecutions of Comey, James and another perceived political adversary, Democratic Sen. They’re all guilty as hell, but nothing is going to be done,’” Trump said the post, which a source previously confirmed to NBC News the president had intended as a direct message to Bondi, not a public post.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/politics/jd-vance/vance-says-antisemitism-isnt-exploding-right-rcna247414
Article: Vice President JD Vance, reflecting Thursday on his first year in office, said that he disagrees with fellow Republicans who have warned of a rise in antisemitism in their party. Ted Cruz, R-Texas, has positioned himself as a potential Vance rival in the 2028 presidential race, raising his profile in part by condemning what he sees as an escalation of anti-Israel and anti-Jewish sentiment. Cruz has singled out young conservatives who pressed Vance with questions about Israel at a recent political event, while also criticizing Tucker Carlson, a Vance ally who hosted a Holocaust denier on his podcast. I think it’s kind of slanderous to say that the Republican Party, the conservative movement, is extremely antisemitic.” Vance offered the comments — his first on the subject since Cruz began raising it — during an interview inside his West Wing office, wading into an issue that has roiled his party in recent weeks amid a broader focus on antisemitism by the Trump administration. And the vice president talked about what he views as key areas of progress and disappointment since he and President Donald Trump were inaugurated in January, including recognizing that voters are “impatient” to see more progress on prices and the economy. I think Stephen Miller, Tom Homan, all these people have done a very good job,” said Vance, referring to Homeland Security Secretary Kristi Noem and other officials involved in U.S. “That’s where you see the clearest numbers and the most immediate return on all of our time and all of our hard work, and so that’s what I’m proudest of.” Vance, who has played a role in Middle East diplomacy and efforts to negotiate a peace deal between Russia and Ukraine, said he feels he was most effective this year in helping Trump get his signature “big beautiful bill” through Congress. “I spent hours at the Capitol with a bunch of United States senators, late into the night on the first vote, and I frankly didn’t know whether we were going to be able to get it passed, and we did,” Vance said. That’s probably where I see the most tangible connection between the hard work that I did and a good outcome for the American people.” Asked about his biggest frustration so far as vice president, Vance cited the failure so far to broker a deal to end Russia’s war against Ukraine. And if you would put, you know, peace in the Middle East as easier to achieve than peace in Eastern Europe, I would have told you you were crazy.” Vance added that he remained optimistic. “I think there’s hope — should hopefully be some good news the next few weeks on that front.” The vice president also expressed frustration that prices have not come down as fast as he and Trump promised on the campaign trail last year, while deflecting the blame onto former President Joe Biden. Trump, meanwhile, has chosen a different message, arguing in recent days that Americans’ affordability concerns are part of a “fake narrative.” “I think the president certainly understands that prices got way too high,” Vance said when asked about Trump’s remarks. “But I think what the president’s saying is the idea that, 11 months into the administration, that we could solve all of the affordability problems created by Democrats — I mean, that’s the hoax. In an NBC News poll conducted in late October, 63% of registered voters, including 30% of Republicans, said they felt Trump had fallen short of their expectations on the economy. But I think that the reason why we have elections every two years and not every year, at least for Congress, thank God, is you’ve got to give a little bit of time for this stuff to work.” “I think I would certainly say voters are impatient. “We are impatient, too, and we’re going to see if what we do and what we think we have to do converges with what the voters think we should be doing.” Next year’s midterm elections will help answer that question, Vance added. “We’ll find that out in about a year,” he said, “and we’re just going to keep on working as hard as we can until then.” The midterms also are a key waypoint for Vance as he weighs a campaign to succeed the term-limited Trump in 2028. “I try to not wake up and ever think, ‘What does this mean for my future?’ I always try to think, ‘How can I do a good job right now,’ right? … I never want the focus on the future to come at the expense of this job.” Vance steered away again when pressed with the same question that haunted then-Vice President Kamala Harris while running for president last year. But I am never going to attack the president of the United States.” While Vance said there’s no Democrat who greatly worries him as a potentially strong 2028 presidential contender, he singled out Sanders, Khanna and Mamdani. And Vance described Mamdani, the democratic socialist mayor-elect who recently had a friendly Oval Office visit with Trump, as “fascinating.” “Obviously, I’m not a communist, and I think he is,” Vance added, “but the fact that he focuses so aggressively on the affordability question in New York City, which does have one of the worst affordability crises anywhere in the world, is smart, and he’s at least listening to people.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/politics/congress/speaker-johnson-struggles-keep-control-house-floor-rcna247365
Article: Thomas Massie, R-Ky., and a trio of GOP women defied Johnson and his top lieutenants and teamed with Democrats to force a near-unanimous vote to release the Jeffrey Epstein files to the public. Anna Paulina Luna, R-Fla., filed a discharge petition in a bid to bypass Johnson and force a vote on a bipartisan bill that would ban members of Congress from owning or trading individual stocks. “It’s not a tool of the minority — it’s a tool of the rank and file.” On Wednesday, Johnson’s team abruptly yanked the SCORE Act — which would create federal standards for compensating student athletes — off the House floor amid opposition from a bloc of conservative Republicans led by Rep. Mace is part of a group of high-profile female lawmakers who’ve been slinging arrows at Johnson, lambasting his leadership and making life miserable for the speaker, who unexpectedly rose from obscurity to the top job two years ago after Kevin McCarthy was toppled by his own internal revolt. Since he swore in Tennessee Republican Matt Van Epps on Thursday morning, Republicans have a 220-213 edge over the Democrats, meaning Johnson can afford only three GOP defections on any bill he brings to the floor. 'A lot of anxiety and stress' Privately, senior Republicans point to a “confluence” of circumstances and events that has resulted in the flurry of discharge petitions and other rogue antics on the floor. There’s a lot of anxiety and stress about the election, and people looking at their own districts, saying, ‘I thought things were going to be different,’” one senior House Republican lawmaker said. But Johnson downplayed the drama on the floor and in his 220-member conference, saying that despite the variety of opinions and narrow margins, his party has been able to move “a very aggressive agenda on a very short time frame.” “Sometimes there’s friction, sometimes there’s vigorous debate. Come by the office.” While he has his share of detractors, Johnson, a Trump loyalist who’s been accused by Democrats of handing over too much congressional authority to the president, has an equal number of defenders. … It clearly empowers the minority in what is otherwise a majoritarian institution.” But facing fewer opportunities to secure bipartisan accomplishments, vulnerable Republicans are turning to the legislative tool to advance policy priorities they can tout back home. On Tuesday, Luna, a Democratic target whose private investments have come under scrutiny, filed her petition on a bipartisan stock trading ban for members of Congress and their immediate family members. It’s unclear, however, if backers of the bill will be able to secure the requisite 218 signatures, given that a large number of lawmakers hold and trade individual stocks, some in industries related to the committees on which they serve. Leaders had to pull the SCORE Act shortly before the floor vote Wednesday after Roy, who is running for attorney general in Texas, and a handful of other Republicans remained opposed to the bill. “Obviously, there were three of us on the rule, but there was, like, I’m not gonna give the number … There were a lot of people who were not prepared to be on this bill today.” Rep. Jim McGovern, D-Mass., who served as Rules Committee chairman and now is the top Democrat on the panel, said he understands Republicans who are turning to discharge petitions amid a gridlocked floor.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/nightly-news/video/mother-fights-to-get-coverage-for-daughter-s-scoliosis-surgery-253743686002
Article: In our series “The Cost of Denial,” NBC News’ Kate Snow reports on the surgical procedure doctors say can help a 12-year-old competitive dancer struggling with scoliosis that insurance has denied.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/pop-culture/pop-culture-news/hollywood-saudi-arabia-key-financial-backer-red-sea-film-festival-rcna246854
Article: For the entertainment industry, Saudi financing has become more appealing as other sources of money have dried up in the aftermath of the 2020 Covid pandemic, the 2023 dual actors’ and writers’ strikes, and shifting audience habits away from film and TV to social media. “For the Saudis, it’s all about building their own film industry, and they’re trying to get the expertise and the people there.” But Saudi Arabia’s controversial human rights record makes the relationship an uneasy one for some in the West — and a sensitive topic to talk about in Hollywood, where more than a dozen insiders including agents, producers, executives, bankers and publicists declined to go on the record about the inrush of potential Saudi cash. In recent years, the festival, a nonprofit organization financed by Saudi government money, has paid talent up to $2.5 million to attend at least part of the event, according to two sources with knowledge of the deals who were not authorized to speak on the record about them. A spokesperson for the Red Sea Film Festival contested the figure, calling it “inaccurate, and not representative.” “The festival does not disclose the details of any of its commercial arrangements, but we on occasion engage with talent on a contractual basis for work we ask them to do at the festival which includes labs, in conversations, mentorship sessions with emerging regional talent,” the festival said in a statement. “The Foundation is first and foremost committed to nurturing talent in underrepresented markets — as evidenced by our programme and the filmmakers we support year round.” This year, festival organizers announced that the nine-day event will feature a jury with Oscar-winning “Anora” director Sean Baker and actor Riz Ahmed; stage conversations with actors including Ana de Armas, Dakota Johnson, Kirsten Dunst, Jessica Alba and Adrien Brody; and tributes to actors Sigourney Weaver and Michael Caine. A diverse slate of films is set to screen including “Couture” starring Angelina Jolie, Paramount’s “The Spongebob Movie: Search for Squarepants,” and Jordan’s Oscar submission, “All That’s Left of You,” which received financial support from the Red Sea Foundation. Saudi money is also behind a portion of Paramount Skydance’s more than $60 billion bid this week for Warner Bros Discovery, according to Variety, which cites multiple sources, and Bloomberg, which cited people familiar with the discussions. Additionally, the kingdom is backing a $1 billion new independent content studio called Arena SNK launched in October by former Lionsgate executive Erik Feig, and a $55 billion deal for video game maker Electronic Arts announced in September. Comcast CEO Brian Roberts also traveled to the country this fall to attend a conference and view a potential theme park site in Qiddiya, a tourism megaproject in Riyadh province, according to a source with knowledge of Roberts’ trip who was not authorized to speak on the record about it. (Comcast owns NBCUniversal, which is the parent company of NBC News.) While there are many deals in discussion, Moore noted that a major Hollywood studio has yet to actually close one with Saudi financing. Critics, including Human Rights Watch, an international nongovernmental organization, and the Atlantic Council, a research institute, have accused the Saudi government of so-called “sportswashing,” investing in golf and soccer to improve its international image. Daniele Venturelli / Getty Images for The Red Sea International Film Festival In 2027, WrestleMania will be held in Riyadh, marking the first time the WWE will hold its signature pay-per-view match outside North America. In a statement announcing the deal in September,Paul “Triple H” Levesque, WWE’s chief content officer, said that the General Entertainment Authority (GEA) in Saudi Arabia and its chairman, Turki Alalshikh, “have made a massive impact on the world of sports and entertainment.” He described them as “phenomenal partners to WWE.” Video gaming giant Electronic Arts announced in September that it will be acquired for $55 billion in an all-cash deal by the Public Investment Fund of Saudi Arabia, Silver Lake and Affinity Partners (the investment company run by Trump’s son-in-law Jared Kushner). From the Saudi perspective, the entertainment industry spending is a way to reduce the country’s economic dependence on oil and to improve their image globally, which is all part of Saudi Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman’s modernization plan for the kingdom called Vision 2030. In September, the Saudi Film Fund rebranded as Riviera Content, with a mandate to finance and produce movies with major global studios, bolstered by a 40% tax incentive for production in the kingdom. “A lot of it is driven by a feeling in Saudi that their story isn’t being told well,” said one entertainment industry dealmaker who has done business in Saudi Arabia, who requested anonymity due to the sensitivity of the issue. The Saudi Film Council had delivered a splashy pitch at the Cannes Film Festival, handing out guides to Saudi film locations and a book with data on the young, digitally savvy Saudi audience. The Khashoggi murder chilled the nascent cultural relationship and led Endeavor Content, the film and TV company behind shows like “Severance” and “Killing Eve,” to back out of a $400 million deal with the Saudi government in 2019. Human Rights Watch accused the Saudi government of using the event “to deflect attention from its brutal repression of free speech and other pervasive human rights violations.” In October, late night host Jimmy Kimmel pressed comedian Aziz Ansari about his decision to perform at the festival. They’ve done a lot of horrible, horrible things.” “There’s people over there that don’t agree with the stuff that the government’s doing, and to ascribe like the worst behavior of the government onto those people, that’s not fair,” Ansari said of his decision, noting he asked his aunt who used to live in Saudi Arabia. “Just like there’s people in America that don’t agree with the things the government is doing.” The talent that is expected to attend the Red Sea Film Festival in the coming days have not publicly commented on their upcoming plans.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/video/shorts/elderly-austrian-nuns-fight-social-media-ban-253690949660
Article: Three elderly Austrian nuns who recently managed to return to their convent outside Salzburg after being evicted against their will said they would not be "shut up" after Reichersberg Abbey asked them not to post on Instagram.Dec.

Link: https://www.latimes.com/california/story/2025-12-04/porn-advertisers-target-california-secretary-of-states-website
Article: Google users searching for information related to the sites, both of which are overseen by the California secretary of state, were directed to PDFs with links and titles that include “My friends hot mom” and “Japanese Sex Video Porn Videos sexy.” Those links, which appear connected to the state government website, were interspersed with legitimate web address for the business services and other information provided by the secretary of state. Among the government agencies mentioned in these reports, a small subset are Granicus customers.” Brian Penny, a freelance journalist and AI researcher in Tuscon, alerted The Times to the secretary of state links.

Link: https://www.latimes.com/california/story/2025-12-04/hate-crimes-la-county-report
Article: Shopkeeper Sabrina De La Pena, who identifies as transgender, was the victim of a reported hate crime in April at her store in the Westlake District in Los Angeles after she rejected the advances of a customer. The findings from the Los Angeles County Commission on Human Relations, presented at a news conference in Koreatown, said there were 1,355 reported hate crimes victims in the county during 2024, a 1% decrease from the prior year. Advertisement Toma said hate crimes continuing locally at historic rates can be partially attributed to improved reporting, along with partnerships between law enforcement agencies, and community organizations such as LA vs. The report cited one incident in December last year, when a Black woman driving her car in Long Beach said a white perpetrator began to yell slurs at her and brandish a weapon “about 8 times.” Professor emeritus Brian Levin, founding director at the Center for the Study of Hate and Extremism, said “socially scapegoated groups” bear the brunt of violent hate crimes. In October of last year, according to another incident highlighted in the commission’s report, a Latina Certified Nurse Assistant was repeatedly punched and visibly injured by a Black patient after he told her, “I hate Central America. Go back to your country.” Toma said that data on immigrant or Latino communities may be skewed because some are afraid to report incidents for fear of immigration enforcement consequences. “But on a weekend, if I go to a Home Depot, not in uniform, I’m looking over my back to my reality, and so I have that sensitivity that we are in some challenging times.” Nearly all crimes against transgender individuals resulted in violence, with a 3% increase in total reported incidents, the commission’s report said. California String of unsolved ‘transphobic’ attacks target MacArthur Park shopkeeper Sabrina De La Peña alleges she was sexually assaulted, beaten with a skateboard and pepper-sprayed over the course of two weeks in April at the Westlake convenience store she has run for nearly 30 years. “What that means is that, for every week of the year, at least one of us has been murdered.” Incidents involving Asian victims decreased from 70 in 2023 to 52 in 2024, the report said.

Link: https://www.latimes.com/california/story/2025-12-04/cdc-hepatitis-b-vaccine-newborns
Article: A vaccine advisory panel for the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention was poised to vote Friday on whether to scrap the recommended birth dose of the hepatitis B vaccine, a move that would be the body’s most controversial decision since it was overhauled by Health and Human Services Secretary Robert F. Although a change in the current recommendation would not bar newborns from receiving the vaccine, Medicaid and other public insurance programs would no longer be required to cover it, putting a birth dose out of reach for millions of poor families and complicating access for many others. Unlike most vaccine-preventable diseases, such as whooping cough and chickenpox, hepatitis B is typically asymptomatic, often spreading silently until midlife, when 1 in 4 infected people develop liver cancer or cirrhosis. “The life expectancy we give people is six months on average.” Opponents of the current vaccine guidance — among them, Kennedy, surgeon general nominee Casey Means and President Trump — characterize the virus as the result of high-risk “adult” behavior, including sex and IV drug use. “Prior to the 1991 change to universal vaccination, nearly 20,000 babies and children were infected annually in the U.S.” For babies exposed to the blood-borne virus in utero or during delivery, every minute the shot is delayed heightens the risk of transmission. That reality prompted American public health officials to bump the first dose from early childhood, when it was given in the 1980s, to the first 24 hours of life, a recommendation the CDC has maintained since 1991. “There’s more safety and efficacy data on the hepatitis B vaccine than just about anything else we put into our bodies.” Those who catch hepatitis as infants are far more likely than those who get it as adults to develop chronic and ultimately fatal infections, data show. “Even some mothers living with hepatitis B are refusing the birth dose, putting their own infants at the highest risk of infection.” Moving the recommendation from the first day of life to the second month could lead to 1,400 new infections a year, experts warned.

Link: https://www.latimes.com/environment/story/2025-12-04/trump-california-water-pumping-plan
Article: Acting on an order from President Trump , the federal government on Thursday announced plans to pump more water to Central Valley farmlands from the Sacramento-San Joaquin River Delta, a unilateral action that California officials warned could threaten fish and reduce the amount of water available for millions of people in other parts of the state. Bureau of Reclamation said in a statement that its update of the operation plan for the federally operated Central Valley Project aims to “maximize water deliveries across California while maintaining protections for endangered fish species.” The revised plan will increase water deliveries to farmlands and communities across the San Joaquin Valley. Advertisement With the decision finalized, Interior Secretary Doug Burgum said the federal government was “delivering on the promise” of Trump’s executive order earlier this year “to strengthen California’s water resilience.” Some of California’s largest agricultural water districts supported the decision. Allison Febbo, general manager of Westlands Water District, said the changes “will help ensure that our growers have the water they need to support local communities and the nation’s food supply, while also protecting California’s wildlife.” Federico Barajas, executive director of the San Luis & Delta-Mendota Water Authority, said the action should bring an estimated 250,000 to 400,000 acre-feet of additional water annually to the region. Barajas said the additional water was “critical to the economic and social fabric of the San Joaquin Valley, particularly as groundwater supplies become less accessible” because of pending limits on groundwater pumping . Advertisement Last month, three state agencies warned in letters to the Trump administration that pumping more water into the federal aqueducts would have significant negative consequences for fish in the Delta. In a summary document, however, the Bureau of Reclamation said the changes “are not expected to result in any significant negative effects to the environment or species listed under the Endangered Species Act.” The Delta is the central hub of California’s water systems, and the pumping of water has taken a toll on the ecosystem of the Delta and San Francisco Bay. Officials at the California Department of Water Resources have said the increase in federal pumping also could force reductions in what the state can deliver via the other main water system, the State Water Project, which sends water from the Delta to Southern California’s cities. “As per usual, the emperor is left with no clothes, pushing for an outcome that disregards science and undermines our ability to protect the water supply for people, farms and the environment,” Gallegos said of Trump’s approach to the issue. Karla Nemeth, director of the Water Resources Department, said “close coordination between California’s two main water systems, the State Water Project and the Central Valley Project, is crucial to protecting water supply, fish and wildlife, and water quality.” Nemeth said in a written statement that the Bureau of Reclamation’s changes to its operation of reservoirs, canals and pumping plants this winter and spring “could compromise the state’s ability to deliver water to 27 million Californians and 750,000 acres of farmland.” However, as the federal government changes its operations, she said the state agency “will do its best to make sure both projects are operating in concert to the benefit of all of California.” Advertisement The Bureau of Reclamation contends that its revised plan — called Action 5 — should allow both the Central Valley Project and the State Water Project to increase water deliveries. Andrea Travnicek, the Interior Department’s assistant secretary for water and science, said it “represents a forward-looking approach to water management that balances the needs of California’s communities, agriculture, and ecosystems.” Climate & Environment https://www.latimes.com/environment/story/2025-04-16/california-salmon-fishing-restricted Regulators have voted to ban commercial fishing for Chinook salmon in California for an unprecedented third straight year because of low population numbers. That cleared the way last year for the Biden administration, working together with Newsom’s administration, to set new rules for operating California’s main water delivery systems, which are among the largest in the world. The State Water Resources Control Board said the Trump administration’s decision abandons decades of cooperative efforts among state and federal agencies to “improve watershed conditions,” and that it is “difficult to assess the full impact” because the changes were not adequately analyzed. Advertisement Chuck Bonham, director of the California Department of Fish and Wildlife, said many measures in the federal plan “are vague, unclear, impossible to implement, or not based in best available science.” “We believe this proposal provides less protection for species than previous Reclamation proposals supported by both Republican and Democratic administrations,” he said. “The measures in Action 5 run counter to the state’s efforts to bolster commercial and recreational fishing by supporting healthy populations of Chinook salmon — harming the California communities that rely on salmon for their livelihood.”

Link: https://www.latimes.com/sports/dodgers/story/2025-12-04/metro-approves-dodger-stadium-gondola-project-protests
Article: Advertisement He promptly was drowned out with chants of “Let us speak!” from antigondola forces and responses of “You already spoke!” from pro-gondola forces, since this meeting was Metro’s fourth on the gondola, and its second specifically related to the adoption of a revised environmental impact report. Dutra attempted to calm the crowd by saying, “Public comments are allowed at the end of the meeting.” That instead inflamed the public, and the chants only grew louder and more repetitive, and Dutra threatened to have Metro officers clear the room. (Courtesy of Aerial Rapid Transit Technologies/Kilograph) With Metro certifying the revised environmental impact report, various state agencies and the Los Angeles City Council will consider whether to approve the gondola project. In 2024, Metro’s initial approval required that Metro staff work with the organization responsible for getting the gondola up and running to “provide quarterly updates to the Metro board on the project’s progress and financing.” Those updates were “not produced because work on the project was paused during a litigation process,” a Metro spokeswoman said. I just did not feel that it was appropriate to stop it now.” Councilwoman Eunisses Hernandez, whose district includes Dodger Stadium, said she has worked hard to develop support from her council colleagues and provide them with alternatives to the gondola by the time the council is expected to vote on the project next fall.

Link: https://www.latimes.com/california/story/2025-12-04/altadena-homeowner-struggles-to-evict-550-pound-bear
Article: (Juliana Yamada / Los Angeles Times) The homeowner, who described himself only as “rattled,” had prepared a trash can and sandbags to place in front of the entrance once the bear left. Advertisement Johnson had hoped that running noisy appliances — the dishwasher and the laundry spin cycle — would scare the bear away, but all the noise managed to do was frighten his cat. It had been moved in the last year from Altadena and was relocated about 10 miles away from Johnson’s home but returned in the last five months, according to their records.

Link: https://www.latimes.com/california/story/2025-12-04/mistrial-declared-for-orange-county-man-who-filmed-himself-killing-homeless-man
Article: An Orange County man who recorded himself fatally shooting a homeless man he said was blocking his path remained free this week after a jury deadlocked in his manslaughter trial. In charging him, Orange County prosecutors said the confrontation and shooting were a tragic example of someone trying to take the law into their own hands, yet the jury could not reach a unanimous verdict, deadlocking Wednesday 11-1 to convict, according Kimberly Edds, spokesperson for the district attorney’s office. Elliott, who was also pushing a cart holding his two pet dogs, allegedly nudged Avalos with the cart, prompting Avalos to wake up and yell at Elliott to get away. Prosecutors alleged Elliott began to record the confrontation and, when Avalos threw a shoe, Elliott pulled out a gun he had in the cart and fired multiple rounds, killing Avalos. Elliott was innocent and had acted in self defense when being physically attacked by a younger assailant who appeared to be under the influence and acting erratically,” said Calvin C. Elliott faced a possible maximum sentence of 21 years in state prison if convicted, but on Wednesday, Orange County Superior Court Judge Kimberly Menninger declared a mistrial after the jury could not reach a consensus.

Link: https://www.latimes.com/california/story/2025-12-04/federal-investigation-of-democratic-consultants-in-sacramento-nets-guilty-plea
Article: Lobbyist Greg Campbell stood emotionless beside his attorney, Todd Pickles, inside a Sacramento federal courtroom and pleaded guilty to one charge of conspiracy to defraud the United States and one charge of conspiracy to commit bank and wire fraud. Nunley told the defendant that each charge carried a maximum sentence of five years in prison, a fine of up to $250,000 and a supervised release period of up to three years. Campbell is deeply grateful for the support from his family and friends during this difficult time.” Campbell, a 52-year-old Davis resident, is one of three influential Democratic political strategists whose arrests last month rattled Sacramento’s political establishment.

Link: https://www.latimes.com/california/story/2025-12-04/fireworks-explosion-kills-teen-in-south-los-angeles-officials-say
Article: Members of the LAPD Bomb Squad, Hazardous Materials Unit and Major Crimes Division also arrived at the scene and seized a large amount of illegal pyrotechnic devices, which were transported to a storage location, according to the release.

Link: https://www.latimes.com/california/story/2025-12-04/kissing-club-chatsworth-private-school-bullying-sexual-assault-lawsuit
Article: The parents of an 8-year-old girl are suing a Los Angeles-area private school for allegedly failing to take action against a “Kissing Club” that was started by older students who bullied and sexually assaulted their daughter. Advertisement At the time of the alleged bullying and sexual abuse, the child was a 7-year-old student at Sierra Canyon School in Chatsworth, a private college preparatory school for students in pre-K through 12th grade. Neither parent had any idea that their daughter was being assaulted at school until Kipnis “was told by another parent whose child was also assaulted by the same girls.” Advertisement The parents are suing the school for failing to report their daughter’s alleged assault under California Department of Education’s mandatory reporting laws that require school staff to report suspected child abuse.

Link: https://www.latimes.com/environment/story/2025-12-04/los-angeles-says-so-long-to-coal
Article: City officials on Thursday announced that the Los Angeles Department of Water and Power has stopped receiving coal-powered electricity from its last remaining coal source, the Intermountain generating station in Utah. This milestone will further accelerate our transition to 100% clean energy by 2035.” Electricity generation is one of biggest causes of climate change, and burning coal is the most destructive way to generate power from a climate and environmental perspective. Together, we are building a cleaner, more resilient energy future for Los Angeles.” More than 60% of the city’s energy supply is now coming from renewable sources, Quiñones said, including the newly completed Eland solar-plus-storage center in Kern County, which began supplying L.A. (City officials said green hydrogen is expected to be added to the fuel mix next year.) The board of the DWP also recently approved an $800-million plan to convert two units of its Scattergood Generating Station in Playa del Rey to run on a mixture of natural gas and green hydrogen, with a similar goal of running entirely on hydrogen as more supply becomes available. “I know that the model that we’ve built here is going to help the rest of this country and the rest of the world follow in L.A.’s footsteps over the next 20 years.”

Link: https://www.latimes.com/politics/story/2025-12-04/issa-california-reelection-rather-than-texas
Article: “I believe that the people of San Diego County, who have elected me so many times, will, in fact, regardless of registration, vote for me,” Issa told the Fox affiliate in San Diego on Thursday. “I think I can hold this seat in spite of the governor’s gerrymandering, and you know, my intention is to stay right where I am.” Advertisement Issa acknowledged that Texans urged him to run for a seat there, but that California is his home, where he raised his family and where his mother and three granddaughters live. The high school dropout and Army veteran made his fortune by purchasing a struggling electronics business in 1980 and transforming it into the Viper car alarm system, with Issa’s voice warning potential thieves to “stand back.” The Bonsall resident has served in the U.S. And the new congressional boundaries that California voters approved by passing Proposition 50 in November — a response by state Democrats to counter President Trump’s efforts to boost GOP seats in Congress — dramatically affected Issa’s electorate. His congressional district had a 12-point GOP edge in voter registration this year, but Democrats have a lead of more than four points in the new map, according to the nonpartisan California Target Book. But after President Trump urged leaders in GOP-led states earlier this year to change congressional boundaries to boost Republican efforts to keep control of Congress in next year’s midterm election, Democratic leaders in states across the nation weighed in, notably Newsom. But Newsom and other prominent California Democrats pushed to create new district lines that could boost the number of Democrats in the state’s 52-member delegation, the largest in the nation. California voters approved the move in November, though the new districts are being challenged in the courts, as are new congressional boundaries drawn by Texas legislators as well as a challenge to a significant plank of the federal Voting Rights Act. House Speaker Mike Johnson (R-La.) and the leadership of the National Republican Congressional Committee have made it clear to Issa that they would not invest significant money in his campaign if he seeks reelection in California, according to a veteran California GOP fundraiser who asked for anonymity to speak candidly.

Link: https://www.latimes.com/california/story/2025-12-04/influencer-palisades-home-investigation
Article: A hip hop artist and social media influencer accused of rape lured his victims to a vacant Pacific Palisades home damaged in January’s fires where he was pretending to live, according to police. The 32-year-old social media influencer and hip-hop performer with hundreds of thousands of followers on Instagram and TikTok filled his feeds with images of himself at events like the BET Awards and on runway catwalks around the globe while working with designer brands. Advertisement But behind the scenes, Los Angeles police investigators say Adams had been using a home in the Pacific Palisades, unbeknownst to its owners, to meet women and get them alone to assault them. Authorities allege that Adams, in separate incidents, met two different women and invited them to a place he portrayed as his home in Pacific Palisades, where he sexually assaulted them. He has worked with other more prominent artists and appeared on a track, “Ay Caramba.” Advertisement Adams was previously arrested in December 2023 by the LAPD’s Van Nuys Division for a misdemeanor, jail booking records show. Miami-Dade criminal records show that in 2021, he was arrested and charged with discharging a weapon and felony throwing a “missile,” and subsequently pleaded the case out for a probation term in 2023.

Link: https://www.latimes.com/california/story/2025-12-04/no-earthquake-felt-after-shakealert-issues-alert-for-magnitude
Article: A phone in the San Francisco Bay Area receives a false alarm about a magnitude 5.9 earthquake that was purported to hit near Carson City, Nev., just after 8 a.m. The ShakeAlert computer system that warns about the imminent arrival of shaking from earthquakes sent out a false alarm Thursday morning for a magnitude 5.9 temblor in Carson City, Nev., that did not actually happen. The ShakeAlert blared on both the MyShake app and the Wireless Emergency Alert system — similar to an Amber Alert — on phones across the region, including in the San Francisco Bay Area, the Sacramento area, and in eastern California, just after 8 a.m. The ShakeAlert system has previously proved effective in giving seconds of warning ahead of expected shaking coming from significant earthquakes, including from a magnitude 5.2 earthquake in San Diego County in April; earthquakes in El Sereno and the Malibu area last year; and a temblor east of San José in 2022. Advertisement And in 2021, phone users across Northern California got a warning of a magnitude 6 earthquake in Truckee, near Lake Tahoe; but the quake was actually a far more modest magnitude 4.7. Scientists said the significant overestimation of the quake’s magnitude was in part caused by it being on the edge of the ShakeAlert seismic network sensors, and that researchers worked on reprogramming the computer system to avoid a similar issue in the future.

Link: https://www.latimes.com/politics/story/2025-12-04/as-trump-calls-affordability-con-job-democrats-unveil-affordable-housing-plan
Article: As the economy emerges as a likely defining issue in next year’s midterm elections, President Trump has wrestled with Americans’ rising cost of living, declaring himself the “affordability president,” then soon dismissing the issue as something that “does not mean anything to anybody.” At two White House events this week, the president accused Democrats of pushing a “fake narrative” about affordability to trick voters ahead of the election, calling them “great con people” who do not offer details about how they intend to lower prices. Adam Schiff (D-Calif.) is expected to introduce legislation Monday aimed at increasing the supply of affordable housing for low- and middle-income families, expanding rental assistance and boosting funding for long-term housing and emergency homeless shelters, according to a draft copy of the bill reviewed by The Times. “I want to see the Democratic Party be the party advocating for the next housing boom in America.” The 48-page bill — titled the Housing BOOM (Building Occupancy Opportunity for Millions) Act — proposes expanding federal tax credits to help finance the development and rehabilitation of affordable housing. Advertisement It would create a $10-billion annual loan fund and a $5-million annual grant program to expand affordable housing for middle-income families, as well as a federal grant program to convert hotels and unused residential properties into transitional housing or emergency homeless shelters. Schiff’s proposal is a long shot in Congress, where Republicans control the House and Senate, and where any proposal championed by Schiff, a longtime Trump foe, is unlikely to get the president’s approval. The proposal is an example of how Democrats are shaping their midterm strategy with a heavy focus on lowering rising prices, a message that helped the Democratic Party secure election victories in key states last month and make significant gains in a deep-red district in Tennessee on Tuesday night. Advertisement The off-year election results have informed much of the new Democratic playbook, and have prompted Democratic leaders in the Senate and House to further embrace it as a policy agenda. At a news conference Wednesday, Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer and House Minority Leader Hakeem Jeffries, both of New York, characterized Trump and Republicans are being out of touch with the working class. “Well, Democrats know our job is to fight for the American people and to lower their costs.” Schumer and Jeffries said the immediate focus for Democrats is trying to negotiate a deal to extend Affordable Care Act tax credits, that if allowed to expire at the end of the year, will lead to the healthcare insurance premiums of millions of Americans to spike on New Year’s Day. Two weeks ago, the healthcare issue prompted the White House to get involved in negotiations with lawmakers, a move that was seen as a political Hail Mary for an increasingly divided party entering an election year. James Blair, a White House deputy chief of staff, said at the time the “president probably would like to go bigger than the Hill has the appetite for.” Since then, negotiations have stalled. Advertisement Business California unemployment set to rise as the economy continues to suffer The UCLA Anderson Forecast released Wednesday predicts the state and nation will muddle through a weak jobs market until the economy picks up next year. “The con job here is Democrats now harping on the very affordability crisis they spent four years creating in the first place, an issue that they also have no real solutions for,” the statement said. Vice President JD Vance said at a Cabinet meeting on Tuesday that it was “absurd” to see Democrats talk about affordability, saying the Trump administration has been focused on addressing the economic situation Biden left. But I think 2026 is going to be the year where this economy really takes off.” Advertisement Democrats, meanwhile, are starting to unveil policy plans that they say will help them counter that message. “When families can’t afford to stay in their communities, when veterans sleep on our streets, when working people are one rent increase away from losing everything, that is a failure of policy and political will,” Simon said in a statement. “The Housing BOOM Act is a comprehensive answer to that failure.” Advertisement Schiff said his pitch to expand the affordable housing supply is a crucial step in addressing what he says is an affordability crisis exacerbated by Trump’s policies, whether it’s an immigration crackdown or tariffs. “If he continues to not deliver more housing, but actually raises the cost of housing by tariffs on building materials, by deporting construction workers, then he’s only creating further problems from him and the Republican Party,” Schiff said.

Link: https://www.latimes.com/california/story/2025-12-04/expected-loss-in-federal-funds-could-push-thousands-of-households-into-homelessness-local-officials-say
Article: The predicted displacement would wipe away the slight reduction in the local homeless population since 2023 and is setting off a scramble by nonprofits and local government officials to try to blunt the potential effects. “This is not a normal moment and we cannot treat it like it’s a normal moment,” said Los Angeles City Councilwoman Nithya Raman, who chairs the council’s housing and homelessness committee. “There is a potential for the entire homeless services system that we have built up here to fall apart.” Advertisement The estimate that more than 14,500 households are now at risk of becoming homeless comes from the Los Angeles Homeless Services Authority, which did not say how many individuals could be affected. About 3,500 of those households are at risk mostly because of state funding cuts, LAHSA said, and an additional 6,000 households could lose housing because a federal emergency housing voucher program, launched during the pandemic, is set to expire next year, four years ahead of schedule. Advertisement Last month, the Trump administration announced it was slashing the amount that program would distribute for permanent housing and shift dollars to temporary housing options that mandate people enroll in services such as job training and mental health treatment. If the lawsuit fails and the cuts go through, LAHSA and nonprofit service providers say they expect many people to return to homelessness because they can’t simply use the additional transitional housing money and turn those people’s permanent apartments into temporary ones. “I cannot fathom a universe where we will not see people falling into homelessness and see our streets explode with folks who today are housed,” said Stephanie Klasky-Gamer, president of L.A. Advertisement In response to the combination of cuts, the Los Angeles City Council recently ordered city staff to work with the county to make sure dollars both governments do have are efficiently used to limit the possibility of budget cuts pushing people into the streets. The Republican-controlled Congress has been seeking to shrink the size of government and both state and local governments face their own fiscal challenges, forcing them in recent years to make cuts to balance their budgets, including to programs that fight homelessness. Los Angeles County Supervisor Lindsey Horvath said “there is absolutely no way” the county can backfill all the money lost, but it might be possible to keep housed a small number of at-risk people by shifting them into different programs managed by the county. But to “come up with a clear plan,” Horvath said county officials first need more clarity from the federal government on its new requirements for funding and what sort of “tools I will and will no longer have.” If thousands are forced back onto the streets, Horvath said, it could ruin the trust those people have in the government to help, making it harder to get them off the streets again. Advertisement In a statement, Los Angeles Mayor Karen Bass said that despite the “attacks from D.C.” and the county’s financial situation, “going backwards is not an option for L.A.” She pledged to keep working to get people off the streets and keep them housed. Advertisement Raman said she is exploring whether those dollars could be used to keep at least some of the 14,500 households at risk housed, something other officials said they are looking at as well.

Link: https://www.latimes.com/california/story/2025-12-04/the-snake-mulholland-highway-reopens-after-nearly-7-years
Article: For more than six years, adrenaline junkies have yearned for the moment that, once again, they can careen around the serpentine corners of a stretch of Mulholland Highway with the crisp mountain air rushing through their hair. The area of the highway roughly between Kanan Road and Sierra Creek Road has been closed to vehicle traffic since early 2019 after it was charred in the Woolsey fire and further damaged by winter rains. Advertisement “We have kept this road closed following the Woolsey Fire for as long as state law allows, and we remain committed to keeping Mulholland Highway safe for everyone,” L.A. “My office has directed Public Works to continue evaluating the area for additional improvements and report back in six and twelve months.” In 2016, prior to the road closure, the Board of Supervisors voted to ban vehicles stopping along both sides of the highway in an attempt to eliminate races that drew spectators. In 2023, Horvath spearheaded a motion for the implementation of Vision Zero on Mulholland Highway, which instructed Public Works to evaluate traffic conditions and propose ways to enhance safety and reduce vehicle speeds. In a 2023 opinion article in local news outlet the Acorn titled “Keep the Snake closed, it’s quiet,” resident and avid cyclist Todd Bank described how peace and safety abounded in the absence of vehicles. “Maintaining Mulholland Highway as a functioning roadway is critical for public safety in emergency response, evacuation, and recovery efforts and provides access and connections throughout the Santa Monica Mountains,” the Public Works Department said in a September report. “This need can be compared to how Tuna Canyon Road served as a critical connection for ingress and egress in the Santa Monica mountains when Topanga Canyon Boulevard was closed as a result of the recent Palisades Fire.” Public Works also pointed out that were the road to be converted to a private highway, residents would have to collectively assume costs for repairs and maintenance. After the Woolsey fire, the county spent $3 million fixing the closed section of Mulholland Highway and was able to get the majority of spending reimbursed by the federal government.

Link: https://www.latimes.com/california/story/2025-12-03/protest-at-koreatown-temple-ends-in-arrests-hate-accusations
Article: “Officers responded and were able to disperse the crowd.” Advertisement Rabbi Joel Nickerson, speaking on behalf of Wilshire Boulevard Temple, described the incident as a “disturbing outbreak of hate that resulted in arrests for battery and the destruction of property.” He said in a statement that individuals “targeted the Jewish community” and disrupted an event aimed at “advancing public safety in Koreatown.” “No one should be targeted in the City of Los Angeles on account of their faith,” he said. The demonstration, organized by Nodutdol for Korean Community Development and Koreatown for Palestine, was held in opposition to a private public-safety symposium hosted by the Israeli Consulate at the Audrey Irmas Pavilion. In statements circulated ahead of the event, protest organizers urged the temple “not to welcome war criminals and genociders.” According to event materials, speakers focused on “AI-driven safety tools” that communities could use “to strengthen local security without relying solely on government agencies,” and discussed safety challenges “amid pro-Palestinian protests.” The program featured Israeli defense sector speakers and a Korean missionary. “We know that these technologies are created on the targeting and killing of Palestinians in Gaza and the West Bank, and will do the same to vulnerable communities in Ktown,” the group posted on its Facebook account. Advertisement “We do not believe the lie that Elbit Systems and the genocidal state of Israel which has attacked 5 of its neighbors in the last 2 years, and uses their technology to target humanitarian relief sites, refugee camps and hospitals will be able to make LA safer,” the group said. “The City of Los Angeles stands with [Wilshire Boulevard Temple] and fully condemns these attacks.” Advertisement Bass said she spoke with Rabbi Nickerson and deployed additional LAPD patrols to sites of worship in Koreatown.

Link: https://www.latimes.com/california/story/2025-12-03/king-tides-california-coast-high-tide-southern-california
Article: The National Weather Service warned California beachgoers on Wednesday to stay out of the water due to hazardous swimming conditions as rip currents can pull swimmers and surfers out to sea. The agency also advised staying off rocks: “Rock jetties can be deadly in such conditions.” Advertisement Though the massive waves can present dangers for seaside visitors, king tides provide insightful data into what the regular high tide will look like in years to come as sea levels continue to rise. But because these high tides can reach 1 to 2 feet higher than average high tides, they provide a glimpse into the future of sea level rise over the next few decades. Advertisement In the San Diego County and Orange County coastal areas, elevated surf of up to 5 to 6 feet is predicted, and the San Francisco Bay Area has been warned of breaking waves up to 14 feet high. Despite the dangers associated with king tides, people can view this phenomenon safely — if they take a few precautions — from various locations throughout the coast as part of the California King Tides Project.

Link: https://www.latimes.com/california/story/2025-12-03/palisades-high-to-reopen-fire-damaged-campus-using-portables
Article: Palisades Charter High School students are scheduled to return to their campus in January, one year after the Palisades fire devastated their community and badly damaged the popular school, displacing some 3,000 students. The plan is for students to use the approximately 70% of campus that was damaged by smoke but not destroyed as well as portable buildings that will temporarily occupy the baseball field. that are intact, we’re going through the industrial cleaning process and getting those buildings repaired,” Issam Dahdul, a senior facilities administrator, said in a presentation Tuesday to a committee of the Board of Education. “They have not cleared all of the environmental clearances yet, so we’re still working on that, and we’re going to continue to work with that community to inform them as to when it’s safe to return to those buildings.” Advertisement The school district estimates the cost of setting up the temporary campus at about $30 million, which includes installing roughly 30 portable classrooms along with administrative and restroom facilities, and site preparation for interim recreation areas and hardscaping and landscaping, according to a district statement. By the time the vacant Sears building was refitted and repurposed, about 1 in 6 students had left the school, either because other options offered a more normal high school experience or because dislocated families faced logistical hurdles getting to the temporary campus. Palisades families focus on healing and moving forward, and find solutions when we hit a bump.” “Our students and athletes are killing it in competitions, all while at the Sears building and bouncing between fields, theaters, borrowed instruments and lost team uniforms,” Minassian said. “Their dedication to their academics and social well-being is a testament to our faculty, admin, and resilient students.” Advertisement The $11-million cost of the Sears campus was almost entirely paid for by insurance policies held by the school, according to campus administrators. Marquez Elementary — which occupies an unusually large site for an elementary school — opened in September in temporary buildings laid out at its original location, while the permanent campus is under construction. Last spring, there had been some hope that the temporary Pali High campus also would be ready this fall, but that timeline proved unrealistic despite a fast-tracked schedule and state oversight process. The commitment we’ve made, and that I’ll say again publicly now, is that we’re going to continue to ask about those things.” The temporary modular buildings on the baseball field are essentially ready to go. “We’re still going through the remaining cleaning of the existing buildings to get those ready for the return to campus, and then the phase-two schedule would be for us to build back 30 classrooms.” Advertisement The three school construction projects will be paid for initially out of voter-approved school bonds — although these dollars were originally targeted for other purposes.

Link: https://www.latimes.com/california/story/2025-12-03/claude-san-francisco-beloved-albino-alligator-dead-at-thirty
Article: Claude, a rare albino alligator whose ghostly white scales and statue-like stillness earned him a cultlike following around the world, died Tuesday, according to the California Academy of Sciences in San Francisco. He was moved out of his publicly viewable swamp habitat to be treated for a suspected infection and had seemed to be responding well to antibiotics before he was found dead early Tuesday, Shepherd said. And his every move was tracked by a recently launched 24/7 livestream called Claude Cam, underwritten by San Francisco-based tech company Anthropic, which developed an artificial intelligence chatbot called, you guessed it, Claude. Nancy Pelosi (D-San Francisco) called the gator the museum’s “cold-blooded icon” and wrote that “San Francisco is heartbroken by the loss of Claude — our city’s distinguished albino alligator who was taken from us in his prime at just 30.” Museum staffers dubbed Claude their “iconic swamp king.” And thousands turned out for his 30th birthday bash in September, during which he was presented a “cake” made of fish and ice and a proclamation from Mayor Daniel Lurie declaring Sept. 15 to be “Claude the Alligator Hatch Day.” “Claude represented that core San Francisco value of seeing the beauty & value in everyone, including those who are a bit different from the norm. Advertisement Claude, measuring 10 feet long and weighing 300 pounds, was one of fewer than 200 alligators in the world with albinism, a genetic mutation that causes an inability to produce melanin, making his translucent skin appear white. American alligators without albinism can live about 50 years in their natural habitats, according to the Smithsonian’s National Zoo and Conservation Biology Institute, but they can live up to 70 in captivity. Advertisement Claude once swallowed a child’s ballet slipper that fell into his enclosure — he was placed under anesthesia to have it removed — but spent much of his time in the near-total stillness typical of an ambush predator. If you see him move, it’s an amazing day,” said Emma Bland Smith, who wrote a nonfiction children’s book about him called “Claude: The True Story of a White Alligator.” Smith, who interviewed biologists who cared for Claude, said children are enthralled by the gator’s “rags to riches” story. Claude was able to find a place for himself in the world even though he was different from others.” Smith said she had done a reading at the museum about two weeks before Claude’s death and, as she did during frequent visits, peered down at him, smiled and said, “Hey, Claude.” “He doesn’t do anything,” she said, “but you feel this connection with him.” The Academy of Sciences said it will host a public memorial for Claude “in the near future.” Advertisement Shepherd said Claude’s care team at the museum has been heartened by an enormous outpouring of support — text messages, emails and voicemails from around the world; flowers placed outside the facility; even an edible fruit arrangement for staffers.

Link: https://www.latimes.com/california/story/2025-12-03/support-for-school-vouchers-sets-republican-apart-at-gubernatorial-forum
Article: Riverside Sheriff Chad Bianco, seen here at an event in September, was the only candidate at a gubernatorial forum in Sacramento on Wednesday to come out in support of school vouchers. As the lone Republican on stage, Riverside County Sheriff Chad Bianco stood out as the only vocal supporter of school vouchers during a gubernatorial candidate forum Wednesday focused on education. “If you are deciding where you want to eat dinner, you choose the restaurant with the best food, and the other restaurant is not going to get your service until they change their policies,” Bianco said. “I will be the only person offering voucher systems for all of your kids.” His remark, prompted by a question about how to best support rural students, earned booing and a couple of cheers from the crowd at the California School Boards Assn.’s annual conference in Sacramento. Advertisement While many California voters remain undecided on who to support in the 2026 governor’s race, Bianco narrowly led the field in a November poll released by the UC Berkeley Institute of Governmental Studies and co-sponsored by The Times. And when you look at who those kids are, they are disproportionately poor, disproportionately of color, and it is unacceptable in a state this rich.” Each candidate offered slightly different takes on how to help. If you have uncertainty in the home and you don’t know where you are sleeping at night, then how are students going to succeed?” Advertisement Thurmond said more revenue streams were needed to support the school system. “I am going to tax billionaires so we have more revenue for California’s schools,” he said, adding it was time for the ultra rich to “pay their fair share.” Bianco disputed the assertion that more funding was needed and pointed out California is the fourth-largest economy in the world. “Our problems are 100% a spending problem.” To help with the teacher shortage, Thurmond proposed developing two million housing units on surplus school-owned land to provide educators with affordable living options. “What we have instead is just a lack of recognition, frankly, at the state level.” All candidates shared reservations about California’s mandate phasing out gas-powered school buses by 2035, with most calling for a longer timeline or more exemptions.

Link: https://www.latimes.com/california/story/2025-12-03/california-farming-magnates-wife-found-slain-search-warrants-served
Article: Detectives with the Navajo County Sheriff’s Office on Tuesday served warrants on the El Centro, Calif., home of Mike Abatti, as well as multiple structures and properties associated with Abatti’s family and their business operations, the Sheriff’s Office said in a news release. Abatti and his family members run some of the biggest farming operations in the Imperial Valley, growing onions, cantaloupes, broccoli, lettuce, sugarbeets and hay, according to the website of Mike Abatti Farms. Kerri Ann Abatti was living separately from her husband amid divorce proceedings that began in October 2023, when she cited irreconcilable differences in petitioning to end her marriage of more than 31 years, according to court records first reported by the Arizona Republic. She expected to seek at least $30,000 in monthly spousal support, but she was first working with experts to assess the couple’s extensive income from farms, rentals and other sources, as well as the value of their properties in California, Arizona and Wyoming, court filings state. In addition to his farming business, Abatti has won millions of dollars in publicly funded energy contracts and is known to exert outsize influence over local elected officials, according to reporting by the Desert Sun.

Link: https://www.latimes.com/california/story/2025-12-03/massive-shredded-cheese-recall-check-your-fridge-for-these-brands
Article: The FDA upgraded the recall Monday to “Class II,” meaning the use of or exposure to the identified products can cause temporary or “medically reversible adverse health consequences.” Advertisement The FDA’s investigation into the recall is ongoing. said a supplier of low-moisture part-skim mozzarella cheese “notified us that they were recalling cheese they had supplied to us due to foreign material.” The company said it immediately isolated the affected raw material in its facilities and removed the packaged goods containing the foreign material. “When we were confident all recalled products had been removed from store shelves, we distributed new product that did not have the potential to contain foreign material and was safe.” Advertisement Even though the FDA released its classification of the recall as “Class ll,” the company said its records showed “all product has been fully removed from store shelves.” Here’s what you need to know: What cheeses are affected? The FDA has flagged the following shredded cheese cases as part of the recall: 235,000 cases of low-moisture part-skim mozzarella shredded cheese, including the brands: Always Save, Borden, Brookshire’s, Cache Valley Creamery, Chestnut Hill, Coburn Farms, Econo, Food Club, Food Lion, Gold Rush Creamery, Good & Gather, Great Lakes Cheese, Happy Farms by Aldi, H-E-B, Hill Country Fare, Know & Love, Laura Lynn, Lucerne Dairy Farms, Nu Farm, Publix, Schnucks, Simply Go, Sprouts Farmers Market, Stater Bros. Always Save, Borden, Brookshire’s, Cache Valley Creamery, Chestnut Hill, Coburn Farms, Econo, Food Club, Food Lion, Gold Rush Creamery, Good & Gather, Great Lakes Cheese, Happy Farms by Aldi, H-E-B, Hill Country Fare, Know & Love, Laura Lynn, Lucerne Dairy Farms, Nu Farm, Publix, Schnucks, Simply Go, Sprouts Farmers Market, Stater Bros. More than 15,000 cases of Italian-style shredded cheese blend, including the brands: Brookshire’s, Cache Valley Creamery, Coburn Farms, Great Value, Know & Love, Laura Lynn, Publix, Simply Go and Happy Farms. The affected shredded cheese products came in five different varieties and were sold under a host of brand names at Target, Walmart, Aldi and other major retailers across the U.S. Advertisement The FDA says they were distributed to 31 states: Alabama, Arkansas, Arizona, California, Colorado, Florida, Georgia, Idaho, Illinois, Indiana, Kansas, Kentucky, Louisiana, Minnesota, Missouri, Mississippi, North Carolina, Nebraska, New Mexico, Nevada, New York, Oklahoma, Oregon, Pennsylvania, South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas, Utah, Virginia, Washington and Wisconsin; as well as Puerto Rico.

Link: https://www.latimes.com/california/story/2025-12-03/lake-balboa-ois-fight
Article: An investigation is underway after reports of a son fighting his father ended with police officers forcing their way inside a Lake Balboa home and opening fire to stop the attack. Two people are dead after reports of a son fighting his father ended with police officers forcing their way inside a Lake Balboa home and opening fire to stop the attack Wednesday, police said.

Link: https://www.latimes.com/california/story/2025-12-03/la-hip-hop-influencer-charged-with-rapes-lapd-seeking-more-victims
Article: A Los Angeles hip-hop artist and social media influencer is behind bars, charged with raping two women, and the Los Angeles Police Department this week is asking any other victims to come forward.

Link: https://www.latimes.com/california/story/2025-12-03/california-leaders-launch-online-portal-where-federal-agent-misconduct-can-be-reported
Article: Gavin Newsom launched a new online portal Wednesday allowing residents to report what they believe to be excessive force, misconduct or other potentially illegal activity by federal agents or members of the military working in the state. Claims of abuses have mounted and local leaders have started putting forward their own measures to restrict federal agents operating in their jurisdictions — including a Los Angeles County Board of Supervisors vote on Tuesday to ban federal agents from wearing masks. Advertisement “California will always stand against abuses of power wherever they come from, and we will make sure that no one — not even a federal agent — operates outside the Constitution in our state,” Bonta said during a news conference about the portal Wednesday morning. “This is an important step in that process.” “We’re not going to stand by while anyone — including federal agents — abuses their authority in California,” Newsom said in a statement. But court records reviewed by The Times show the majority of the alleged assaults in the areas where ICE and Border Patrol have been most active resulted in no injuries. Abigail Jackson, a White House spokesperson, denounced the move in a statement to The Times, saying Newsom and California “should be more concerned with the dangerous criminal illegal aliens they’ve allowed to invade American communities, rather than attacking law enforcement officers.” Advertisement Jackson said Immigration and Customs Enforcement officers “are facing a 1000% increase in assaults against them because of dangerous, untrue smears from elected Democrats,” yet “act heroically to enforce the law and protect American communities with the utmost professionalism.” “Anyone pointing the finger at law enforcement officers instead of the criminals are simply doing the bidding of criminal illegal aliens,” Jackson said. Jackson’s comments echoed previous remarks by Department of Homeland Security officials, who have denied claims that federal agents are acting unlawfully in California, strongly denounced previous suggestions from California officials that they might take legal actions against federal agents who step out of line in the state and accused bystanders documenting the actions of immigration agents of putting officers in danger. Advertisement When The Times published an analysis this week that cast doubt on the department claim, repeated by Jackson, that there has been a 1,000% increase in assaults against ICE agents, the department accused The Times of having “taken the side of murderous thugs who assault law enforcement, downplaying and promoting violence against them.” The department recently had its budget massively expanded by Congress and is on a hiring spree for new ICE agents. On Monday, DHS issued a statement saying its agents had worked through the Thanksgiving holiday to arrest “more worst of the worst criminal illegal aliens from across the country including rapists, pedophiles, and murderers.” It also downplayed reports that many of the people its agents have arrested in recent months had no criminal record, saying that “70% of ICE arrests are of criminal illegal aliens convicted or charged with a crime in the U.S.” Advertisement The U.S. Bonta said the portal will help combat a “campaign of terror and fear” being conducted in California by the Trump administration and its federal immigration agents, who are carrying out what Trump has called the largest deportation campaign in U.S. In addition to reports of any suspected unlawful actions by federal officers, including “unlawful detentions, unreasonable searches [or] use of excessive force,” Bonta said his office is also interested in reports of “military deployed to California being engaged unlawfully in civilian law enforcement,” or of “the use of military or armed personnel at or near polling stations that interfere with the right to vote.” California Justice Department sues to block laws restricting masked, unidentified law enforcement officers in California The U.S. Department of Justice sued California on Monday to block newly passed laws that prohibit law enforcement officials, including federal immigration agents, from wearing masks and that require them to identify themselves. Bonta said that while federal agents are allowed to enforce federal laws in California, they “must also do so lawfully and in compliance with the Constitution,” Bonta said, and anyone who doesn’t believe they are doing so should report their actions at oag.ca.gov/reportmisconduct. Bonta’s office has filed dozens of lawsuits against the Trump administration since January, including to challenge the deployments or actions of federal law enforcement, immigration agents and military personnel in the state, as well as the administration’s attempts to tie various types of federal funding to state compliance with its immigration agenda.

Link: https://www.latimes.com/california/story/2025-12-03/former-sheriffs-deputy-killed-after-police-chase-accused-of-killing-11-year-old-son
Article: The Sacramento County Sheriff’s Office was notified of a homicide on the 7600 block of Ferrell Way in Elk Grove, where the Elk Grove Police Department discovered that an 11-year-old boy had been killed. A former Sacramento County Sheriff’s Office deputy was shot and killed Tuesday after he allegedly killed his 11-year-old son and then led authorities on a freeway chase, according to officials. Around 8 a.m., the Elk Grove Police Department Communications Center got a call from a woman concerned about her two children, who were home alone with their father, according to an Elk Grove Police Department news release. The Elk Grove Police Department Investigations Bureau is investigating the homicide of the boy while the California Highway Patrol is investigating the chase and officer-involved shooting, according to the release.

Link: https://www.latimes.com/california/story/2025-12-03/matthew-perry-dr-p-salvador-plasencia-sentencing
Article: A former physician who supplied ketamine to “Friends” star Matthew Perry in the weeks leading up to the actor’s death was sentenced Wednesday to serve 30 months — about two and a half years — in federal prison. It was my oath to protect him.” Advertisement He told the court he thought of how he would eventually have to explain to his own son, who is 2 years old, about the day “I didn’t protect a mother’s son.” Plasencia then turned to Perry’s family, telling them: “I’m sorry. Goldstein said in court that Plasencia’s “judgment was clouded by the promise of making money.” After the hearing, Goldstein and White released a statement saying that their client, “accepts the Court’s sentence today with humility and deep remorse.” They noted that Plasencia had voluntarily given up his medical license. Perry’s mother and stepfather, Keith Morrison, wrote that they believed Plasencia “is among the most culpable of all.” “No one alive and in touch with the world at all could have been unaware of Matthew’s struggles,” they wrote. So he could feed on the vulnerability of our son.” John and Debbie Perry, Perry’s father and stepmother, addressed Plasencia directly in their letter, writing that their son’s recovery “counted on you saying NO.” “What ever were you thinking?” they wrote. In late September 2023, about a month before Perry’s death, Plasencia was introduced to Perry by one of his patients, who said the actor was a “high-profile person” willing to pay “cash and lots of thousands” for ketamine treatment, according to the agreement. Plasencia admitted in the agreement that he spoke to the actor by phone and continued to exchange texts with Perry about the request for ketamine, a legal medication commonly used as an anesthetic. In text messages to Chavez, Plasencia discussed how much to charge Perry for the ketamine, stating, “I wonder how much this moron will pay,” and “Lets find out,” according to the indictment. In a letter to the judge ahead of sentencing, Plasencia said he treated Perry with ketamine and left vials with Iwamasa “despite signs of addiction.” He wrote that the large sums of money were appealing because his urgent care was struggling financially and he could “barely stay afloat.” “I did not set out to harm anyone, but my decisions during those days betrayed my duty as a physician,” Plasencia wrote.

Link: https://www.latimes.com/california/story/2025-12-03/palisades-fire-karate-teacher-dojo-gerry-blanck
Article: Hit him hard!” The shouts — a husky voice with a Southern surf bro twang — echoed in the dojo as a 4-year-old blond boy with a headband reading “Lil’ Dragon” punched up at a scowling mannequin. Nearly 11 months have passed since fire ripped through Pacific Palisades, and on this autumn Tuesday, Blanck was back doing what he’s done for 43 years — coaching toddlers, teens and grown-ups in the martial arts. The sessions are loud, joyful, energetic — like Blanck himself, who barks commands as trainees smack each other with foam pads and laughs giddily when they do something awesome, like climb a rope all the way to the ceiling. Families have leaned heavily on the ever-upbeat Blanck, the silver-haired sensei, so well-known in the Palisades that when he drives through town, people hang out of their cars to shout hello. And he taught actress Pamela Anderson how to kickbox when she was starring in “Baywatch.” Advertisement But now, at 71, Blanck is unsure what the future holds for his business, which already had struggled and downsized during the pandemic. Just to have it all gone except the suitcase I took — unbelievable.” With so many students displaced, he’s grappling with the daunting question looming over other devastated small-business owners: Will enough families eventually return to the Palisades to keep the doors open? “But I can’t come back if there’s no one here for my business.” Advertisement The Palisades fire destroyed an estimated 2,635 businesses in Pacific Palisades, according to researchers at the UCLA Latino Policy and Politics Institute and the Center for Neighborhood Knowledge. Most, such as the Gerry Blanck Martial Arts Center, were so-called microbusinesses, with nine or fewer employees, and many were based in people’s homes, said Silvia González, director of research at the institute. Small businesses “really contribute to the social fabric of our communities,” she said, adding that they “bring people together, whether it’s a coffee shop that’s owned by a couple, or this dojo.” After the fire, Blanck’s friends and former students donated more than $60,000 to a GoFundMe for the karate studio. About three years ago, Blanck and his daughter, Danika Dallas, 33, moved into a rented two-bedroom apartment in a commercial building that included a hair salon and a clothing store. But every day, something pops up.” Such as all the trophies in the dojo and photos of kids winning their first awards; his old surf team jacket, which he’d kept since 1969; his poster for the 1969 movie “Easy Rider” autographed by the late actor Peter Fonda. Blanck pointed out the window, to the burned husk of a Berkshire Hathaway office, asking: “Your office was over there, wasn’t it?” Advertisement “It was,” Duffy said with a rueful laugh. Less than a month after the fire, Blanck resumed teaching at MuDo Integrated Martial Art in Santa Monica, where another sensei, Thomas Yi, offered space in his gym to help the fire victims. After his home burned, he said, he felt at ease being with other Palisades residents who understood what it has been like to be mired in such loss as the world moves on.

Link: https://www.latimes.com/california/story/2025-12-03/she-spent-her-pregnancy-in-a-detention-center-shes-not-alone
Article: Immigration and Customs Enforcement policy states agents shouldn’t detain, arrest or hold pregnant, postpartum and nursing mothers for “administrative violation of immigration laws” barring “exceptional circumstances” or if their release is “prohibited by law.” Advertisement Lorena Pineda is checked by a doctor in a clinic on Oct. processing center before being transferred to San Bernardino, flown to Atlanta and then to a staging facility in Alexandria, La., and then taken on an hours-long ride to a rural part of that state — where for 3½ months she watched her belly grow and her dreams of life in America fade. Advertisement The American Civil Liberties Union has documented more than a dozen cases of what it says are pregnant women housed without proper medical care at Stewart Detention Center in Lumpkin, Ga., and the ICE processing center in Basile, La., where Pineda was held. “This is only the tip of the iceberg,” said Eunice Cho, a lawyer with the ACLU and co-author of a letter sent to acting ICE Director Todd Lyons in October asking that pregnant detainees be released. Advertisement At the facility in Basile, Neysis Mairena was six months pregnant with twins when she was hospitalized after experiencing contractions last month and was shackled to a hospital bed, said her lawyer, Thea Crane. These women, Cho said, “have been ripped away from their families, transported to detention facilities that are thousands of miles away from their families, and they’re sitting in detention in these horrifying conditions — worried not only about their families at home being deported, but also the health and safety of their pregnancies.” McLaughlin noted that Pineda, Rodriguez and Mairena all had crossed the southern border in the last five years and were “released into the country under the Biden administration.” The medical care in detention, she said, is probably the “best healthcare” that many immigrants have received in their life. McLaughlin said the ACLU’s findings don’t identify women by name and amount to “anonymous, unsubstantiated and unverifiable claims.” “Pregnant women currently make up 0.133% of all illegal aliens in custody,” she said, adding that they “are subject to elevated oversight.” Pineda shows images of her unborn baby that were taken during her time in custody. (Karla Gachet / For The Times) She added that “all tragic, four miscarriages occurred at South Louisiana ICE Processing Center — that is 10% of the pregnant detainees and well below the national average.” McLaughlin said Rodriguez didn’t even know she was pregnant when she was detained and set for expedited removal. The Salvadoran mother of two said she felt her baby grow inside her as the days passed and she settled into a heartsore rhythm, bonding with strangers longing for children, family and home. Advertisement :: The Women’s Refugee Commission, a Washington, D.C., nonprofit, has been attempting to track the number of pregnant, postpartum and nursing mothers detained by immigration agents and document the conditions they face. We are no longer able to do that.” Advertisement Since launching the tracker, she said, the group has “received significant reports of pregnant, postpartum, lactating women who are being detained,” though she was not willing to share figures. Jon Ossoff (D-Ga.) into human rights abuses in immigration detention found “14 credible reports of mistreatment of pregnant women, and 18 credible reports of mistreatment of children.” The reports included lack of adequate medical care, timely checkups or adequate meals. Advertisement “The inhumane treatment of pregnant women by the administration is shameful,” the Democratic Women’s Caucus wrote to acting ICE Director Lyons last month, demanding the release of pregnant, postpartum and nursing immigrants who don’t pose a security risk. become tense battleground in new phase of ICE raids Immigration raids have slowed since a federal judge temporarily barred agents from targeting people solely based on race, language, vocation or location. “They handcuffed me with my hands in the back, put me in the car and took me.” Advertisement She arrived at the South Louisiana ICE Processing Center on June 24.

Link: https://www.latimes.com/california/story/2025-12-03/whitewallz-los-angeles-homelessness-social-media
Article: On social media, he can be seen cutting through the most downtrodden parts of Skid Row on his white and neon green Honda Grom minibike, almost always in search of a subject to document. He can be seen letting sparks fly from his tail scraper on the 10 Freeway with a “Los Angeles” tattoo emblazoned across his back, chopping it up with LAPD officers or, most commonly, touring homeless encampments to show, as he puts it, “what real life in L.A. “A lot of these people just have a story they want to tell, or they want to talk about, and not a lot of people want to hear them out.” Miranda fashions himself equal parts good Samaritan, stuntman and documentary filmmaker. Advertisement Miranda has documented a litany of drug trades in broad daylight, whooped as he recorded violent altercations between homeless individuals that he later titled “Bum Fights” and coaxed sex workers into a brief thrill by taking them on the back of his bike while popping wheelies. “I want to show behind the tent zipper … It just shows real life, how these people still be human beings and live like an animal.” Advertisement Derrek Miranda pops a wheelie on his motorbike on the 6th Street bridge in Los Angeles. Since then, he has lived in a camper van while pushing out near-daily content on his page that is occasionally licensed by mainstream TV news organizations — the bulk of his current income. “I’ve known him for what feels like all my life, but it’s been about three years,” said Alvin Jones, 32, who lives in an encampment on 5th Street and Stanford Avenue. “He’s telling stories about people out here, who don’t really have a shot at getting their stories heard very often.” Although Miranda has admirers on the street, there are also detractors who believe his content can be harmful to the homeless community. “Dont praise/normalize this kind of living,” one comment read on a video titled “Tent Tour.” “Take this s— down why would you even record this bro,” another read on a video of Miranda in conversation with a homeless person. Advertisement One of Miranda’s close friends, Brandon Castro — who goes by Brandonexploredthis on Instagram, where he makes videos touring abandoned buildings — said Miranda’s work extends into direct advocacy for his subjects. “I think some people take it the wrong way sometimes seeing someone post another struggling, but I’ve seen it help so many people and give so much encouragement and confidence,” Castro said. Miranda’s supporters argue his work comes from a place of compassion, in the same vein as one TikToker who surprises day laborers and street vendors with free trips to Disneyland, then posts footage of their jubilant experiences to a global audience. (Robert Gauthier / Los Angeles Times) Miranda said both of his parents experienced addiction, and his refuge in childhood came from riding motorcycles — a passion that has followed him into adulthood and onto his page. Advertisement LAPD officers mingle with and check in on Miranda often, he said, but some of his activities seem to run counter to the department’s years-long attempts to decrease takeover-style gatherings. Nathan Hochman addressed a growing issue of dangerous street takeovers — usually involving cars or trucks — that he said have been “plaguing and ravaging communities for years.” “If you engage in destructive, dangerous or ultimately deadly conduct and if you’re a promoter, don’t even think for a second you can hide anymore,” Hochman said.

Link: https://www.latimes.com/environment/story/2025-12-03/california-opposes-trump-water-pumping-plan
Article: The Trump administration plans to weaken environmental protections for threatened fish in California’s Sacramento-San Joaquin River Delta and pump more water to Central Valley farmlands, according to letters obtained by the Los Angeles Times. Three state agencies objected to the plan in letters to the Bureau of Reclamation last month, signaling a new round of confrontation with the Trump administration over how California’s giant water systems should be operated. For years, drivers on the valley’s highways have seen their signs and billboards with slogans such as “Stop Dumping Our Farm Water & Jobs In the Ocean.” Trump has questioned why the state should keep more water in rivers to help “a tiny little fish” such as the Delta smelt. Advertisement The federal proposal would increase water withdrawals in dry years as well as wet ones, leading to less water in the Delta, which would cause “significant impacts to native fish species,” Diane Riddle, an official of the State Water Resources Control Board, said in one letter. She said modeling estimates show that the Trump administration proposal would particularly harm fish during dry years, “when species are already stressed by dry conditions.” State and federal pumping plants in the Delta, which send water into the canals of the State Water Project and the Central Valley Project, often have to limit operation to leave enough water for threatened and endangered fish. Advertisement Joshua Grover, deputy director of the agency’s Ecosystem Conservation Division, said what protective measures remain under the federal proposal are either vague, unworkable or not based on the “best available science.” State officials warned that in addition to harming fish, the plan could force reductions to what the state can deliver to millions of people in Southern California cities. The State Water Project, which delivers Delta water to 27 million Californians and 750,000 acres of farmland, “could be forced to reduce water exports” because of the increased federal pumping, John Yarbrough, the Department of Water Resources’ deputy director, said in a letter . He said that would occur because even if the federal government increases pumping, the state agency still must comply with the federal Endangered Species Act as well as the California Endangered Species Act. The Trump administration plan brings new uncertainty for cities that depend on Delta water and could upend the cooperation between state and federal water agencies that has been the norm for decades. Yarbrough reminded Adam Nickels, the Bureau of Reclamation’s acting regional director in California, that state and federal agencies “have a long history and shared interest in working together to maximize California water supplies while also protecting the environment in a legally defensible manner.” Advertisement The disagreements between the Newsom and Trump administrations raise questions about the fate of joint state-federal efforts including the so-called voluntary agreements, a Newsom-backed plan to give water agencies more leeway in how they comply with Delta water rules. Yarbrough urged the Trump administration “to reconsider Action 5 and comply with the legal requirements regarding environmental review, endangered species restrictions” and an agreement that for decades has guided coordination between the state and federal agencies. That cleared the way last year for the Biden administration, working together with Newsom’s administration, to adopt new rules for operating California’s main water delivery systems, which are among the largest in the world. In his January executive order , Trump criticized what he called “disastrous” policies and water “mismanagement” by California, and directed federal agencies to scrap the plan that the Biden administration adopted. Environmental and fishing groups have also condemned the Trump administration’s attempts to take more water from the Delta, saying the goal is to prioritize political supporters in the agriculture industry above the needs of other water users and the health of waterways and fish. Advertisement “The Bureau of Reclamation is slashing protections for salmon and other species that are struggling,” said Barry Nelson, an advisor to the Golden State Salmon Assn., a nonprofit group that represents fishing communities. “Cutting already weak protections further would be disastrous.” Noting that Newsom has stood up to the Trump administration on other issues, he urged the governor to file a lawsuit “to block this clearly illegal federal decision.”

Link: https://www.latimes.com/california/story/2025-12-03/l-a-preschools-closing-blame-transitional-kindergarten
Article: During the first four years of California’s new transitional kindergarten program, 167 community-based preschools in Los Angeles County shut down, unable to financially survive amid enrollment drops or pivot to more costly infant and toddler care, according to new UC Berkeley research. At least in some cases, rather than bolstering California’s child-care sector and serving more children, TK instead appears to be competing with — and even replacing — local preschools, as they struggle to take in younger children, according to the study. “But the downsides were not weighed carefully enough in retrospect.” Engage with our community-funded journalism as we delve into child care, transitional kindergarten, health and other issues affecting children from birth through age 5. Advertisement And while pressures from the pandemic as well as a decline in population contributed to this increase, the researchers’ statistical analysis found that TK played an important role in driving the closure of these centers. The state’s many goals for the TK program — laid out in 2020 by the master plan for early learning and care — include calling on preschools to counter the loss of their 4-year-old students by taking on more 3-year-olds, as well as infant and toddlers, whose parents have the greatest shortage of options. Advertisement But in reality, preschools have struggled to transition to younger children amid challenges such as difficulties recruiting teachers, aging facilities, obstacles in securing the necessary permits and even the reluctance of some staff to change diapers, the researchers found. Advertisement One explanation, Fuller said, may be that many lower-income families were already accessing free child care in long-standing programs that include Head Start, the California State Preschool Program and vouchers that can be used for a variety of care options. Up close: One preschool’s struggle For the last two years, as the TK expansion has marched forward, the staff at Angelina Preschool in the Temple Beaudry neighborhood near downtown has been struggling to fill its classrooms. Advertisement Taking on infant and toddlers Some preschools have successfully begun to serve infants and toddlers, and the state has helped by increasing payments to state preschools that care for younger children. Caring for infants and toddlers requires a special health and safety license from the state, a process that can take 6-12 months, said Nina Buthee, executive director of EveryChild California, a membership association for child-care centers. “If it was as easy just flipping a switch, you better believe that programs would be doing it.” Preschool budgets tighten At the Segray preschool program, which has locations in Eagle Rock and Thousand Oaks, owner Annette Gladstone said she has a waiting list for infants and toddlers but has been having trouble enrolling preschoolers. Over the next year or so we will definitely see more programs closing.” When the TK program passed through the legislature, Fuller said, this sort of collateral damage of the program on California’s child-care sector likely didn’t factor into their vote. Advertisement “It’s a classic public policy case where the policy designers in government have a simple idea about implementation, but in fact, it unfolds in a much messier way.” This article is part of The Times’ early childhood education initiative, focusing on the learning and development of California children, from birth to age 5.

Link: https://www.latimes.com/california/story/2025-12-02/simi-valley-doctor-wife-fatally-shot-by-son-police-say
Article: A Simi Valley couple were gunned down at their home by the husband’s son, who then fled to Chino, set his car on fire and fatally shot himself, police said. The grisly double homicide unfolded around noon Sunday when officers with the Simi Valley Police Department responded to multiple 911 calls for gunfire in the 500 block of Hawks Bill Place. Advertisement Eric Cordes was a “beloved physician” and radiologist at Adventist Health Simi Valley who served the Simi Valley community “with compassion and excellence for nearly 30 years,” according to a statement shared by Alice Issai, the hospital’s president. Police initially said they believed the attack was targeted, but the suspected shooter’s identity was not revealed until Tuesday when the San Bernardino County medical examiner confirmed that the corpse pulled from the burned car in Chino was 37-year-old Keith Cordes. Detectives used license plate recognition cameras to track the vehicle, which was registered to Keith, as it traveled southbound on the 210 Freeway before exiting in Chino and parking near Ayala Park.

Link: https://www.latimes.com/california/story/2025-12-02/san-francisco-sues-coca-cola-kellogg-over-ultra-processed-foods-what-that-means
Article: In a historic action, San Francisco on Tuesday became the first government to file a lawsuit against food manufacturers over ultra-processed snacks and drinks that officials argue are wreaking havoc on Americans’ health. San Francisco’s lawsuit, which names 10 of the most popular food manufacturers known for highly processed fare — Kraft Heinz Company, Mondelez International, Post Holdings, The Coca-Cola Company, PepsiCo, General Mills, Nestle USA, Kellogg, Mars Incorporated and Conagra Brands — argues that the food industry knew its products were making people sick, but continued to market the addictive foods to maximize profits. The suit doesn’t seek a ban on the sale of any products, but instead a statewide order prohibiting the companies from continuing what the city describes as “deceptive marketing” targeting children, particularly in Black and Latino communities. Advertisement The lawsuit is reminiscent of legal battles against large tobacco companies in the 1990s in which states sought to recover billions in healthcare costs associated with treating smoking-related illnesses. Reynolds, purchased major food companies in the 1980s and used the same marketing techniques that once got people to purchase addictive cigarettes to now buy food that is highly palatable, but also often unhealthy, said San Francisco City Atty. “Like the tobacco industry, they knew their products make people very sick, but hid the truth from the public, profited from untold billions and left Americans to deal with the consequences,” Chiu said during a news conference Tuesday. “We’re talking about food that is not found in nature, created by combining artificial chemicals with industrialized processes.” Advertisement “You can see a few of the worst offenders right here,” he said, pointing to a table piled high with staple snacks like Oreos, strawberry-flavored Cheerios, Lunchables, Hot Pockets and Cheetos that are favorites of many Americans, including countless children. The Consumer Brands Assn., a trade organization that represents many of the companies named in the suit, said in a statement that there is no universal scientific definition of ultra-processed foods. Manufacturers are continuing to introduce new products with increased protein and fiber, lower sugar and sodium and no synthetic color additives, said Sarah Gallo, senior vice president of product policy, in a media statement. Americans deserve facts based on sound science in order to make the best choices for their health.” The share of ultra-processed foods on grocery store shelves increased dramatically in the 1980s and 1990s. But not all ultra-processed food is inherently unhealthy, according to the Yale School of Public Health, which notes that some foods that fall into that category like whole-grain breads and yogurts are associated with a lower risk of chronic diseases. Advertisement In the lawsuit, San Francisco argues that the variety of products found in grocery stores today “give the illusion of consumer choice” but Americans are largely forced to make their selections between “different configurations of chemicals that are making them sick,” according to the city’s news release. The study found that participants who ate the most ultra-processed food of any kind faced a 4% higher risk of all-cause mortality than those who ate the least ultra-processed food. However, experts at UC Davis have noted that the vast majority of research on ultra-processed foods has been observational, meaning people are asked to report what they eat and scientists take that information and use statistical analysis to explore associations with various health outcomes. “The only thing we actually know about ultra-processed foods is that, when given the option to eat them, they’re so tasty and it’s so easy to overeat them that you end up eating more calories than you normally would, and you end up gaining weight as a result,” said Angela Zivkovic, professor of nutrition at UC Davis, based on her research. This has made it more difficult to tie the cause of specific health ailments to certain foods, said Diana Winters, deputy director of the Resnick Center for Food Law and Policy at UCLA. Advertisement “It’s big because for years, I think people have talked about the idea of going after food companies similar to the way governments and individuals went after tobacco companies, but the worry was that we didn’t have the data to show the causation,” Winters said. “The idea that we now have the data to show these specific health effects to the point of showing it in court is a turning point.” Ultra-processed foods are high in sodium, added sugar, saturated fats and chemicals that are designed to make the food easy and pleasurable to eat and overeat, Chiu said. Last year, he signed Assembly Bill 2316 to ban food from schools containing dyes known as blue 1, blue 2, green 3, red 40, yellow 5 and yellow 6, industry staples that can give foods unnaturally vibrant colors in an effort to make them more appealing. Food experts like Gabby Headrick, the director of the undergraduate program in nutrition at the Milken Institute School of Public Health at George Washington University, argue that consumers would benefit from more education on ultra-processed foods as well as a nationwide policy of front-of-label packaging. Advertisement “We have many examples in other countries that we can look to that show that when you put a label on the front of a package that indicates that that food is high in added sugars, high in saturated fat or high in sodium, it can help consumers understand the foods that they’re purchasing much more easily without having to look at that complicated nutrition facts label,” Headrick said. A similar case against the food manufacturers was filed in Pennsylvania last year on behalf of a teen with Type 2 diabetes, but was dismissed in August after a judge determined that it failed to show which of the companies was responsible for the boy’s injuries or how they caused them. San Francisco’s lawsuit avoids that problem because it looks to the healthcare costs stemming from the companies’ alleged deceptive conduct in the aggregate, said Mark Gottlieb, executive director of Public Health Advocacy Institute and lecturer at Northeastern University School of Law. Advertisement “Frankly, this lawsuit is long overdue and was anticipated by the defense bar 20 years ago as numerous news stories at that time asked whether ‘Big Food’ would be the next ‘Big Tobacco,’” Gottlieb said.

Link: https://www.latimes.com/california/story/2025-12-02/manhattan-beach-middle-school-students-involved-in-hermosa-assault
Article: Students at Manhattan Beach Middle School were involved in a violent assault on a Hermosa Beach man that sent the 57-year-old victim to a hospital and led to the arrest of two of the alleged teen attackers, the school’s principal confirmed. The bold and seemingly unprompted attack has outraged the coastal community and stoked simmering frustrations around alleged teen e-bike gangs organizing under names such as the Goons and the Redondo Beach Killers. 21 incident show a group of teens on e-bikes surrounding the victim, knocking him to the ground and repeatedly kicking and punching him in an alleyway near the Hermosa Beach Pier. “While I must protect student privacy and respect the ongoing police investigation, I can confirm that MBMS students were involved in this off-campus incident.” Advertisement Problems with teenage e-bike gangs were recently discussed in a Nov. “Our goal is to hold them accountable.” He said that reports of these groups had been increasing in recent years, but clarified that they are not established criminal gangs recognized by the Department of Justice.

Link: https://www.latimes.com/california/story/2025-12-02/la-city-council-police-less-lethal-launchers-ordinance
Article: The Los Angeles City Council voted against a proposal on Tuesday that would have prohibited police from using weapons that launch hard-foam projectiles and tear gas, amid lingering concerns about their deployment at protests last summer. Addressing his colleagues on Tuesday, ordinance backer Hugo Soto-Martinez said he felt extra restrictions were justified because Los Angeles Police Department officers seemed to be deploying the weapons in ways that violated state law, court orders and the department’s own policies. Advertisement Videos from the protests over the federal immigration crackdown that roiled the city last summer revealed “documented verified evidence of military equipment being used in ways that should make everyone on this body pause,” he said. He noted how on one day alone in early June, LAPD officers fired more than 1,000 foam projectiles — appearing to fire indiscriminately into crowds of protesters with weapons that are meant to target specific individuals. The defeated proposal sought to bar the LAPD’s use of two types of military weapons — tear gas and so-called 40-millimeter less-lethal launchers — at protests, but also for everyday patrols and other special events. LAPD Chief Jim McDonnell said he found it “amazing that we would be entertaining this,” pointing out that the 40-millimeter launchers are used by officers every day to defuse encounters with uncooperative and violent suspects. “To me this is incredibly uninformed public policy, to go down this road.” The meeting turned tense at times, particularly when Councilmember Eunisses Hernandez pressed McDonnell about his department’s response to the protests. McDonnell repeatedly interrupted to say that the hard-foam projectile launchers allow officers to avoid the use of more dangerous weapons, and invited Hernandez to become educated on the weapons firsthand before she voted. She also took exception to McDonnell calling the LAPD a “model” for other departments, pointing to the massive legal payouts that the city has had to cough up for police excessive force and other misconduct. Advertisement Critics say the term “less lethal” is misleading, since such weapons have resulted in deaths and millions of dollars in legal settlements to people who sued after they were seriously injured from being hit in the head or groin.

Link: https://www.latimes.com/california/story/2025-12-02/los-angeles-zoo-baby-boom-infant-gorilla-chimpanzees-orangutan
Article: The Los Angeles Zoo welcomed the birth of a baby gorilla, the fifth and latest addition in a recent baby boom of adorable great apes that includes three chimpanzees and an orangutan. (Los Angeles Zoo) The newborn primates are classified as endangered or critically endangered by the International Union for Conservation of Nature because of dangers the animals face in the wild, including poaching, habitat loss and degradation, as well as disease. “Seeing the new offspring around the Zoo will hopefully deepen these connections and foster a conservation mindset for our guests to care more about these critically endangered species,” Misha Body, a deputy director at the zoo, said in a news release. Zoo officials say the infants will play a beneficial role in the well-being and dynamics of the entire chimpanzee troop, which is one of the largest of any zoo in the country with 17 individuals. of Zoos and Aquariums, which creates specialized plans to determine which animals to prioritize for breeding and which individuals to pair together based on their genetics and other factors to ensure genetic diversity and sustainability of the population.

Link: https://www.latimes.com/california/story/2025-12-02/investigators-continue-search-for-suspects-motive-probe-gang-ties-in-deadly-stockton-shooting
Article: Though the city of Stockton has battled gangs and worked to quell violence in its streets before, a brazen and horrifying shooting at a toddler’s birthday party over the weekend that left four people dead, including three children, has left city leaders reeling like never before, officials say. “This is something no one will forget.” At least one gunman opened fire at the Saturday birthday party, wounding 11 people and killing three children who were 8, 9 and 14 years old. “We would have been celebrating her 9th birthday in just 2 weeks.” Fourteen-year-old Amari Peterson was also identified by his family in a GoFundMe page, where he was described as a “bright, loved, and promising young soul.” Advertisement “Amari was a football player, a basketball player, a brother, son, and cousin,” the page read. California Inside the Stockton banquet hall where kids were slaughtered, parents return to a scene of horror In an act that left this gritty San Joaquin Valley city in a state of numb fear, a gunman or gunmen had crashed their child’s birthday party Saturday night. On Tuesday, San Joaquin County sheriff’s officials said they have not made any arrests or identified any suspects in the attack and are still investigating possible motives, including any possible links to gang members or two local rappers who were in attendance. “By releasing misinformation or assumptions, that can hinder our investigation.” Advertisement Brent confirmed two people who are associated with the rappers, and attended the party, were taken into custody by Stockton Police on Monday on suspicion of violating the terms of their parole, but said the arrests were not connected to the shooting. “I hope the people in our community make the right choice and contact law enforcement.” In a statement, Lee said he’s also met privately with parents and relatives of the victims. In an interview, Lee said city officials had to look at not just finding those responsible for the shooting, but looking at the root causes of violent crime in their community. On Monday, Padilla said she visited the school where one of the young victims attended and instead of being greeted by students happy to see friends over the Thanksgiving break, saw children grieving their classmate. “Whatever their beef is, whatever retaliation, whatever feud — it should never involve children.” Advertisement Padilla said sheriff officials and Stockton Police have also reached out to neighboring police agencies, looking for cooperation in helping curb any retaliatory violence that may come as a result of the shooting. Stockton Mayor Christina Fugazi described the shooting as an act of gang-related terrorism, and said she had reached out to the White House and asked the administration to dedicate a U.S. Stockton Councilmember Mario Enriquez on Monday evening said he had reached out to the city manager, and hopes the city could set up an emergency meeting to discuss what steps it might take, and what resources it needs to not just find those responsible for the deadly shooting, but curb violence in the city.

Link: https://www.latimes.com/california/story/2025-12-02/ventura-county-sanctuary-kept-exotic-animals-without-permits-d-a-says
Article: The sanctuary, Born to Be Free in Frazier Park, was found to be in possession of African lions, leopards, warthogs, a European brown bear, a serval, a fishing cat, a leopard–tiger hybrid, a lion–tiger hybrid and a wolf–dog hybrid, the Ventura County district attorney’s office said in a news release. “California’s restricted species laws exist for a reason — these animals require specialized care, secure facilities, and experienced handlers,” Nathaniel Arnold, deputy director and chief of law enforcement for the state wildlife agency, said in a statement. Born to Be Free must now comply with a permanent injunction prohibiting it from possessing restricted species without a permit and pay $50,435 in civil penalties, court fees and reimbursement to the state wildlife agency, according to a stipulated judgment approved by the Ventura County Superior Court on Nov.

Link: https://www.latimes.com/california/story/2025-12-02/los-angeles-county-proposal-law-enforcement-mask-ban
Article: Los Angeles County supervisors advanced an ordinance Tuesday that would prohibit law enforcement officers — including immigration enforcement agents — from wearing masks while working in unincorporated parts of the county. Since raids began this summer, armed federal agents — their faces hidden by neck gaiters or ski masks — have repeatedly hopped out of unmarked vans and apprehended people from street corners, car washes and Home Depot parking lots. The county’s top lawyer, Dawyn Harrison, has said she suspects the federal government will likely argue that the county law violates the Constitution, which states that federal law takes precedence over conflicting local statutes. Department of Homeland Security Assistant Secretary Tricia McLaughlin has said immigration agents need to disguise themselves to avoid having their names publicized or being “doxed.” Advertisement The motion passed 4-0, with Supervisor Kathryn Barger abstaining. Advertisement “My concern is we’re bringing in a motion that is probably going to end up in court, that I question is even legal for us to do,” Barger said in July.

Link: https://www.latimes.com/california/story/2025-12-02/robert-silverstein-who-fought-city-hall-over-hollywood-development-won-dies-at-57
Article: In another, he secured a ruling overturning the city’s approval of the Millennium project, a pair of 39- and 35-story skyscrapers that had been planned next to the Capitol Records building. In yet another case, Silverstein, working as part of a larger legal team, helped persuade a judge to strike down the City Council’s approval of the Hollywood Community Plan update, which called for taller, denser development along transit corridors. “He always said he was trying to stick up for the little guy against the government,” said Doug Haines, a Hollywood resident who worked with Silverstein on more than a dozen lawsuits. “That was his whole focus, and he meant it.” Advertisement California Judge strikes down city’s approval of a Hollywood Target — again A judge has delivered a humiliating new legal defeat to Los Angeles elected officials, striking down the city’s approval of a Hollywood Target shopping center for the second time in three years. The son of a rabbi, Silverstein handled cases across Southern California, zeroing in on what he viewed as violations of zoning plans, public records laws, historic preservation rules, eminent domain procedures and the state’s environmental law, known by its acronym CEQA, or see-quah. Still, nowhere did he have as big an impact as in Hollywood, where he racked up a string of victories during the tenure of two mayors — Antonio Villaraigosa and Eric Garcetti. A judge concluded that the city had violated CEQA by failing to make a parking analysis available for review until a day after the City Council’s planning committee had endorsed the project. (The company had built a replica instead, saying the original structure was too deteriorated.) Silverstein’s aggressive advocacy spurred real estate companies and the city’s planning department to become more exacting about the paperwork they filed, said Jerry Neuman, a land use attorney who represented developers in several Silverstein cases. Silverstein opened his own law office in 2005, taking on clients who were challenging eminent domain, the process used by government agencies to acquire private property from owners who are unwilling to sell. Haines credited Silverstein with defeating the Los Angeles Unified School District’s plan to acquire and demolish scores of homes near the 101 Freeway to make way for a new middle school in Hollywood. Silverstein challenged the legality of the redevelopment agency’s vote, arguing that the property and the surrounding area were not “blighted.” In the end, redevelopment officials reached an agreement with Blue to have the project constructed around his luggage business, which his family had owned since 1946. If his client wanted to settle, he would settle.” Advertisement California Judge refuses to block city order to empty Hollywood apartment tower A judge on Wednesday rejected a request for a temporary restraining order that would have blocked Los Angeles officials from forcing a developer to remove dozens of tenants from a Hollywood high-rise. In the Target lawsuit, Silverstein succeeded in showing that the city had permitted the construction of a 74-foot structure on a site where the zoning limited such projects to 35 feet. “Robert’s dedication ensured that community concerns about environmental and demographic accuracy were taken seriously, and his work set a higher standard for how the city approaches its urban planning,” said Mike Eveloff, a co-founder of Fix the City, one of three groups that challenged the Hollywood plan. “They knew they had to do it right.” Silverstein continued to fight City Hall following the election of Mayor Karen Bass, representing Eveloff’s group as it challenged her order declaring a state of emergency on homelessness.

Link: https://www.latimes.com/california/story/2025-12-02/arson-suspect-accused-of-tossing-firebomb-at-downtown-federal-building
Article: Federal prosecutors on Tuesday charged a Koreatown man with throwing Molotov cocktails at security officers inside a downtown Los Angeles federal building in an attack seeking to target immigration officials headquartered there. Prosecutors charged Jovel with attempted malicious damage of federal property, with an investigator saying he told them it was a “a terrorist attack” that he was carrying out because “you’re separating families,” an apparent reference to immigration officials’ detention of family members. While standing at the base of the stairs outside the building’s main entrance, Jovel reached into one of the bags on his bicycle’s handlebars and tossed a Molotov cocktail through the building’s sliding door, the affidavit said. Jovel then threw another device through the open door of the federal building’s public entrance, where people were waiting in line to go through security to enter the building, according to the FBI investigator’s affidavit. “There can be zero tolerance for any targeting of law enforcement officials — let alone violent acts — and we’re lucky that the devices allegedly thrown by the subject did not physically injure anyone,” said Akil Davis, the assistant director of the FBI in charge of the Los Angeles field office. “The FBI’s Joint Terrorism Task Force is dedicated to investigating and holding accountable anyone who conducts targeted attacks against government employees.” Advertisement Jovel, when confronted by federal officers, yelled for people to “start shooting these,” referring to the officers, the affidavit said. Along with the Molotov cocktails, investigators said they found a flame torch, a handheld device that can be used to produce a flame and is sometimes used as a kitchen or grill tool; two airsoft guns; and five knives.

Link: https://www.latimes.com/environment/story/2025-12-02/californias-new-hazardous-waste-plan-worries-environmentalists
Article: A California environmental oversight board approved a state plan outlining strategies to safely reduce hazardous waste — despite sharp criticism from environmental groups who say several aspects of the plan could invite deregulation. A 2021 state law directed the California Department of Toxic Substances Control (DTSC) to publish a plan every three years, outlining the state’s approach to minimize the generation, disposal and incineration of hazardous waste. Advertisement “We find this plan to be extremely deregulatory and paving a path for DTSC to adopt more loopholes for industry,” said Andrea Loera, an attorney with San Francisco-based nonprofit Earthjustice. “Excluding hazardous waste from the law,” she continued, “does not make hazardous waste dangers magically disappear.” The Board of Environmental Safety, a five-member committee tasked with supervising DTSC, voted 4-1 to approve the plan. we, as a board, our mandate is to ensure that does not come to pass.” Advertisement Board member Ingrid Brostrom echoed those sentiments, ultimately voting in favor of the plan. There is a loophole, which has also caused an uproar among environmental advocates: Oftentimes, industry and government agencies opt to export California hazardous waste waste to municipal landfills in neighboring states that rely on the less-restrictive federal rules. Environmentalists said they worry this would put more communities at risk, noting the largest environmental cleanup in California’s history is of lead-contaminated homes near a former battery recycling plant in Southeast Los Angeles County. “It is not the time for us to stand on par with the federal government which is trying to dismantle hazardous waste protections,” said Ivana Castellanos, an organizer with Physicians for Social Responsibility. 17 meeting, the board said it would consider requiring DTSC to set hazardous waste reduction and diversion goals for the next iteration of the plan, which is due in 2028.

Link: https://www.latimes.com/california/story/2025-12-02/va-has-plan-for-trumps-center-for-warrior-independence-in-west-la
Article: Department of Veterans Affairs released a document suggesting that the renovation of two shuttered, historic buildings on its West Los Angeles campus will be the first step in a plan to create a Center for Warrior Independence called for in an executive order by President Trump. A notice inviting potential developers to an “industry day” on the campus Wednesday identifies the “seed” project as the renovation of Building 13 and the adjacent Building 306 into “a vibrant, service-oriented space that honors its historical significance.” It describes an expansive purpose that “provides ease of access to all VA veteran benefits and services, inspires veteran personal wellness and professional development, and provides meeting spaces and food options to the entire Los Angeles Veteran community to gather.” Advertisement That description represents an apparent shift from plans to convert a portion of Building 13 into veteran housing, a change that would align with VA critics who have advocated for a vibrant town center focused in Building 13 that would be a gathering place for veterans from across the Los Angeles region. “It’s a paradigm shift in terms of planning for the future,” said Anthony Allman, executive director of Vets Advocacy, a nonprofit created through the 2015 settlement of a lawsuit requiring the VA to build housing on the 388-acre property. Advertisement “If they do it right, it could save them real time and money,” said Dan Rosenfeld, a former facilities director for the state of California and city of Los Angeles who has served as a community member on an advisory board for the campus. That’s a heavy lift.” Advertisement The use of long-term leases to keep construction costs off the federal budget has been blamed for the slow progress in creating 1,200 units of veteran housing required by the 2015 settlement and was a key issue in a follow-up lawsuit filed in 2022 when only 54 units had been completed. The selection of Building 13 as a “seed” project resonates with complaints from the veterans advisory board that the VA’s leasing program veered away from the description of a town center in a 2016 master plan drawn up in response to the settlement. Advertisement “Focusing on Building 13 early has a chance to make a statement that this place is more than just a bunch of dormitories,” Rosenfeld, the former advisory board member, said. Now I think there is a shift to acknowledging that you need a communal center to create a complete environment.” The H-shaped 1929 Art Deco building was designed by the Koerner & Gage firm best known for its design of the Beverly Hills City Hall. “Its location brings visitors into The Quad and Parade Ground and activates the space by adding a lively element with 24/7 activities,” a panel of development and real estate professionals convened by the Urban Land Institute wrote. The VA notice described the goal in consistent, though more general terms as transforming the building into the “Veterans Independence Center which informs and provides ease of access to all VA Veteran benefits and services, inspires Veteran personal wellness and professional development, and provides meeting spaces and food options to the entire Los Angeles Veteran community to gather.” Advertisement The notice said the purpose of the industry day is to “gather information from the contractor community at large,” and that it is not a request for proposals.

Link: https://www.latimes.com/california/story/2025-12-02/santa-barbara-housing-project-monique-limon-exemption
Article: The fallout was swift: The developer sued the state and a Santa Barbara lawmaker, the powerful new president of the state Senate, is under scrutiny over her role in the bill. (Kayla Bartkowski / Los Angeles Times) Advertisement The saga highlights the governor’s and state Legislature’s growing influence in local housing decisions, and the battle between cities and Sacramento to address California’s critical housing shortage. Advertisement ‘A horrendous nightmare’ The fight started last year after developers Craig and Stephanie Smith laid out ambitious plans for an eight-story housing project with at least 250 apartments at 505 East Los Olivos St. Advertisement If cities and counties fail to develop plans by each eight-year deadline, a provision kicks in called “builder’s remedy.” It allows developers to bypass local zoning restrictions and build bigger, denser projects as long as low or moderate-income units are included. Advertisement He said older generations in California resisted change, leaving the state to come in with “heavy-handed, one-size-fits-all policies to force cities to do something about housing.” Santa Barbara, a wealthy city that attracts celebrities, bohemian artist-types and environmental activists, has a long history of fighting to keep its small-town feel. “Proposing projects like this undermines support for building density in Santa Barbara.” Similar pushback has been seen in Santa Monica, Huntington Beach and other small cities as developers scramble to use the builder’s remedy law. A notable example recently played out in La Cañada Flintridge , where developers pushed through a mixed-use project with 80 units on a 1.29-acre lot despite fierce opposition from the city. Advertisement Still, the controversial law doesn’t exempt developments from review under the California Environmental Quality Act, known as CEQA, the state’s landmark policy requiring a study of the project’s effects on traffic, air quality and more. The developers behind the Los Olivos Street project sought to avoid the environmental review, however, because of a new state law that allows many urban infill projects to avoid such requirements. When the Los Olivos developers asked city officials about using AB 130 for their project, a Santa Barbara community developer director told them in July 2025 that the CEQA review was necessary. “We don’t want to come off as NIMBYs,” resident Fred Sweeney, who opposes the project, said, referring to the phrase “not in my backyard.” Sweeney, an architect, and others started the nonprofit Smart Action for Growth and Equity to highlight the Los Olivos project and a second one planned by the same developer. Advertisement A ‘really strange’ bill Buried deep in Senate Bill 158, the bill passed by state lawmakers targeting the Los Olivos project, is a mention of the state law around infill urban housing developments. Developments in “a city with more than 85,000 but fewer than 95,000 people, and within a county of between 440,00 and 455,000 people,” and which are also near a historical landmark, regulatory floodway and watershed, are not exempt, the bill stated. Advertisement Limón, who was born and raised in Santa Barbara, confirmed that she did talk to Sweeney — who started the nonprofit to fight the development — about opposition to the development. “Every piece of legislation I author or review, I do so based on the needs of our state but also with the lens of the community I represent — whether that is housing, education, environmental protections or any other issues that come across my desk,” Limón said. (Kayla Bartkowski / Los Angeles Times) The suit claims that Limón promoted and ushered the bill through the state Senate, argues that it should be overturned and questions the required environmental review, which would likely add years to its timeline and millions to its budget. Advertisement Stephanie Smith, one of the developers, told The Times that the bill was born of the “protests of wealthy homeowners, many of whom cosplay as housing advocates until the proposed housing is in their neighborhood.” “As a former homeless student who worked full time and lived in my car, I know what it means to struggle to afford housing. Advertisement “It’s hard to ignore when legislation is drafted in a narrowly tailored way — especially when such language appears late in the process with little public input,” said Sean McMorris of good government group California Common Cause. “Bills developed in this manner risk fostering public cynicism about the legislative process and the motivations behind narrowly focused policymaking.” UC Davis School of Law professor Chris Elmendorf, who specializes in housing policy, called the bill’s specific language “really strange” and questioned whether it would survive a legal challenge. “Local groups that don’t want the project are going to the legislature to get the relief that, in a previous era, they would have gotten from their city council,” Elmendorf said.

Link: https://www.morningbrew.com/stories/bending-spoons-buys-eventbrite-for-500-million?utm_source=&utm_medium=syndication&utm_campaign=feed
Article: Eventbrite, the events and ticketing site that has an email sitting in your spam folder right now, is being acquired for $500 million by an Italian company you’ve probably never heard of: Bending Spoons. The site will join the Milan-based software conglomerate’s recognizable portfolio of stalled tech companies, like Evernote and WeTransfer, while its acquisitions of Vimeo and AOL are expected to close soon. But Bending Spoons doesn’t seem to be in it for a quick buck—the company invests in long-term growth, aiming “to hold forever.” It has yet to sell any of its acquisitions.

Link: https://www.morningbrew.com/stories/2025/12/04/spotify-wrapped-has-a-new-age-feature-that-s-not-ai?utm_source=&utm_medium=syndication&utm_campaign=feed
Article: After many users complained about 2024’s offering on social media, Spotify executives said they used that disappointment to fuel this year’s update to its highly anticipated year in review data dump: Top genres returned after an inexplicable absence last year. New features include top albums and audiobooks, playcounts for your top songs, a game where you guess your top song, and a “Wrapped Party” on the app that’s a “live competition you can play with friends.” Then there’s the potentially crushing reveal of your “listening age” based on your data. This year, the only celebration of AI is Listening Archive, which pinpoints trends from specific days (i.e., reminding you of the sad song you played 100 times when you were dumped on Feb.

Link: https://www.morningbrew.com/stories/2025/12/04/small-businesses-shrank-surprising-jobs-report-says?utm_source=&utm_medium=syndication&utm_campaign=feed
Article: The job market says “nvm, it’s not all good.” The US private sector shed 32,000 jobs in November after adding an upward-revised 47,000 jobs the month before, according to a report released yesterday by the payroll firm ADP. ADP’s jobs numbers—which have basked in the limelight lately as a stand-in for government data that’s been missing because of the recent shutdown—blindsided analysts who predicted that America would gain several thousand jobs. Some economists say the hiring rut likely stems from consumer belt-tightening amid economic challenges, while a survey of manufacturers released this week found that some companies are slowing hiring due to uncertainty surrounding President Trump’s tariff policy. What is certain is that…the tough job market snapshot will give ammo to Fed officials advocating for a deeper rate cut next week amid divisions at the central bank over how aggressively to lower borrowing costs.

Link: https://www.morningbrew.com/stories/sam-altman-declares-code-red-to-improve-chatgpt?utm_source=&utm_medium=syndication&utm_campaign=feed
Article: Just as everyone else begins to slow down and use their second monitors to play the 24/7 Burning Yule Log, OpenAI CEO Sam Altman reportedly sent out an internal memo this week telling staff that the company was in a “code red” effort and would need to focus all its energy on improving ChatGPT—even if it meant pausing other projects. Altman’s directive and subsequent social media posts from other OpenAI execs say that staff have been asked to prioritize expanding the audience for the tool, which currently boasts 800 million weekly users, as well as making it feel more personal and intuitive: Altman said that other projects like shopping, AI agents, and its personal assistant Pulse would take a backseat for the time being. The latest release of Google’s Gemini chatbot lapped OpenAI’s ChatGPT in a number of industry benchmark tests, and users are taking notice: Google said its Gemini app has jumped from 450 million monthly users in July to 650 million in October, thanks largely to the first release of AI image generator Nano Banana in August.

Link: https://www.morningbrew.com/stories/2025/12/03/youtube-is-wrapping-your-year-in-videos?utm_source=&utm_medium=syndication&utm_campaign=feed
Article: It includes music, but doesn’t replace YouTube’s Music Recap, and it mirrors a lot of what Spotify does with Wrapped: You’ll see your top channels, artists, and the evolution of your viewing habits. Those made-up personae reflect your content preferences and include The Sunshiner (good vibes), The Trailblazer (unique tastes), and The Connector (not explained, but probably someone who watches mostly Connect Four videos). Beating the rush: Recap arrived the same day as Apple Music’s Replay and Amazon Music’s Delivered, in what seems to be an attempt to get ahead of Spotify Wrapped, which came out on Dec.

Link: https://www.morningbrew.com/stories/2025/12/03/dell-to-seed-kids-trump-accounts?utm_source=&utm_medium=syndication&utm_campaign=feed
Article: A different Michael is trying to make Scott’s Tots somewhat of a reality: In one of the largest-ever donations to American wallets, Michael and Susan Dell committed $6.25 billion yesterday to kiddie investment accounts, dubbed “Trump accounts,” created by this year’s tax bill.

Link: https://www.morningbrew.com/stories/2025/12/02/will-a-scotus-decision-turn-off-your-internet?utm_source=&utm_medium=syndication&utm_campaign=feed
Article: The Supreme Court heard oral arguments yesterday in a billion-dollar internet piracy case that could decide if internet service providers (ISPs) are liable for the digital theft perpetrated by their customers who simply refuse to pay for that new Sabrina Carpenter track. Cox, which provides internet service to 6 million homes and businesses, says if it’s found culpable, it could lead to all ISPs cutting off internet access for millions of Americans. The Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998, aka DMCA (shout-out to Napster), made it illegal to download and distribute copyrighted music online—but an email from a Cox manager in charge of overseeing the application of the law reads, “F the dmca!!!” Cox argued that courts have previously said that, for contributory infringement, companies must be aware of the infractions and further the illegalities, which Cox says it never did. Big Tech’s big interest: Google and X are backing Cox, with X stating that if creators can sue AI platforms when people use their technology for violating copyright laws, the company would “have no choice but to constrain their actions” to avoid potential liability.

Link: https://www.morningbrew.com/stories/2025/12/02/airbus-is-now-the-one-with-plane-problems?utm_source=&utm_medium=syndication&utm_campaign=feed
Article: Airbus said yesterday that it will inspect hundreds of its A320 planes after discovering some of them might have a faulty fuselage panel due to a “supplier-quality issue.” The reputation-dinting revelation, first reported by Reuters, came after the European planemaking giant recalled 6,000 A320-family aircraft over the weekend due to a separate software glitch. With A320s recently surpassing Boeing’s 737s as the world’s bestselling planes, the weekend recall was felt in airports worldwide: It affected over 500 planes stateside at a number of US airlines, including American and Delta, and JetBlue canceled 70 flights on Sunday. Bottom line: Airbus said yesterday that most of the planes impacted by the software hiccup had been modified as necessary and that the hardware hitch had been “identified and contained.” Of the more than 600 aircraft that could have the panel issue, most have not yet been delivered, and only 168 are currently in service.—SK

Link: https://www.morningbrew.com/stories/2025/12/02/rage-bait-oxford-word-of-the-year-2025?utm_source=&utm_medium=syndication&utm_campaign=feed
Article: “Before, the internet was focused on grabbing our attention by sparking curiosity in exchange for clicks, but now we’ve seen a dramatic shift to it hijacking and influencing our emotions,” the president of Oxford Languages said in a statement. It can take the form of staged public arguments, cooking “hacks” that ask you to boil pasta in the dishwasher, or POV videos of posters asking strangers irritating questions (which often blur the line between rage bait and rudeness).

Link: https://www.morningbrew.com/stories/2025/12/01/when-it-comes-to-poverty-where-s-the-line?utm_source=&utm_medium=syndication&utm_campaign=feed
Article: We got the poverty line as a metric in 1965, after then-President Lyndon Johnson launched the “War on Poverty.” The measurement took the cost of feeding a household in a year, multiplied that by three, and compared it to annual income. Green’s essay got a lot of positive feedback, like from entrepreneur Anthony Pompliano, who called it a “must-read for every person in business or finance.” But experts weren’t completely sold on Green’s methodology, even if they agreed with his larger point about the metric being antiquated.

Link: https://www.morningbrew.com/stories/2025/12/01/older-folks-are-over-going-to-stores-on-black-friday?utm_source=&utm_medium=syndication&utm_campaign=feed
Article: Gen Z, who clearly never had to stand outside a store with their mom at 3am for the chance to get a Rosie O’Doll, are the keepers of the Black Friday flame. Bloomberg reported that the stores with the longest lines this Black Friday were those popular with Gen Z, like the jeweler Kendra Scott, Bath & Body Works, and Edikted: The AT&T Business 2025 Holiday Shopping Survey found that 40% of Gen Z and 32% of millennials had planned to do their holiday shopping on Black Friday, whereas older generations were mostly waiting until a week or two before Christmas. Meanwhile, Gen X is like the Little Match Girl—if the LMG had a trust fund and just wanted some attention: “I get hundreds of junk emails a day, and there’s nothing in my inbox that feels like ‘Oh, they want my business,’” a Gen Xer told the New York Times.

Link: https://www.morningbrew.com/stories/2025/11/25/the-surprisingly-poignant-origins-of-kidults?utm_source=&utm_medium=syndication&utm_campaign=feed
Article: You may think kidults are a distinctly 21st-century phenomenon, but GI Joe sold over $1 billion worth of action figures by 1989, and Snoopy became the first beagle on the moon (kind of)—thanks to some serious adults of yesteryear believing character merch could represent more than just playthings. The term “Kidult” dates back to at least 1960, when the television industry coined the portmanteau to describe shows like Flipper and The Flintstones that were meant to appeal to adults and kids alike. Around the same time, perfectly respectable adults began buying children’s toys for themselves, sometimes for heart-wrenching reasons: In 1964, Hasbro released the first GI Joe action figure, which was 12 inches tall and featured articulated body parts. As Charles Schulz biographer David Michaelis wrote, “Children are not supposed to be radically dissatisfied…Schulz gave these children lifelong dissatisfactions, the stuff of which adulthood is made.” But that was part of their charm, and their broad appeal: Sports writer Luke Epplin compiled Peanuts cartoon strips about Snoopy’s and Woodstock’s fruitless attempts to find their lost mothers, which echoed Schulz’s own mother dying of cancer while he was being shipped off to World War II.

Link: https://www.morningbrew.com/stories/2025/11/30/growing-up-doesn-t-mean-dining-like-an-adult?utm_source=&utm_medium=syndication&utm_campaign=feed
Article: Shree Narain, the brand strategist behind the restaurant, told British GQ that some of its drawing clientele “surprise us—there’ve been full-blown portraits of chefs, and love notes” but also, “let’s just say we’ve seen penises in every shape and size.” It also features a cocktail menu where drinks are identified by colors, not fancy names. As reviewer Angela Hui put it for British GQ, “There’s something freeing about ordering a drink called ‘Orange’ instead of pretending to know your way around a wine list.” Meanwhile, across the pond… No one hits the kidult-to-restaurant sweet spot like US fast-food establishments. Play Playground, which has locations in Nashville and Las Vegas, offers light fare, drinks, and “larger-than-life memory, physical, and puzzle games.” Adults can slurp up “party pouches”—in essence, large, alcoholic pouches designed to evoke the Capri Suns of childhood—while spinning around on indoor playground spinners or galloping in place on mechanical kiddie ride horses. I think it is very healthy for people right now, and comforting.” And, as GQ’s Hui wrote, “Eating in a restaurant that feels like a playground is cheaper than therapy.”—DL, HVL

Link: https://www.morningbrew.com/stories/2025/11/30/kidults-are-saving-the-toy-industry-by-spending-billions?utm_source=&utm_medium=syndication&utm_campaign=feed
Article: Whatever you thought adults of the G12 nations were responsible for probably wasn’t this: A recent Circana report found that adults (over age 18) accounted for toy sales of $1.5 billion over the last three months of 2024. That made the 18+ demographic the toy industry’s most important age group, as they officially spent more on themselves than on its former most important category: toddlers age 3 to 5. These monster toys at the heart of a TikTok phenomenon, which cost about $30 each, were seen publicly with Rihanna, were at the heart of a $30,000 inventory heist in SoCal’s Inland Empire, and generated $670 million in revenue for toymaker Pop Mart in the first six months of 2025 alone.

Link: https://www.morningbrew.com/stories/2025/11/30/the-ya-show-that-captivated-as?utm_source=&utm_medium=syndication&utm_campaign=feed
Article: The Summer I Turned Pretty, an Amazon Prime Video series based on a trilogy of young adult novels by Jenny Han originally published over 15 years ago, wrapped up its third and final season in September. Author Jenny Han (who was also a creator and executive producer of the series) and Prime Video also announced this fall that there would be a feature-length movie to officially wrap up the series. But it also captures the first-love drama of late ’90s–early aughts TV shows like Girlmore Girls, Dawson’s Creek, Gossip Girl, and the popular YA adaptations of the early 2010s that a lot of the audience grew up on.—MM

Link: https://www.morningbrew.com/stories/2025/11/29/shred-the-gnar-at-the-netflix-founders-private-resort?utm_source=&utm_medium=syndication&utm_campaign=feed
Article: New kind of mile-high club Months after retiring as Netflix’s CEO in 2023, Hastings bought Powder Mountain for an undisclosed sum and has since invested hundreds of millions of dollars to turn it into the world’s most bespoke ski destination. “It’s about creating a sanctuary for people who love this mountain as much as we do.” Here’s how the unusual public-private resort works: Memberships, which cost $25,000 annually (plus an initiation fee), give skiers exclusive access to 2,700 acres of pristine powder.

Link: https://www.morningbrew.com/stories/2025/11/29/big-ski-dominates-the-slopes?utm_source=&utm_medium=syndication&utm_campaign=feed
Article: A snowboarder gliding down a perfectly powdered Colorado slope and a skier skidding on an ice sheet in Vermont could be paying the same company for the tush-freezing lift up the mountain. Almost 3 in 5 North American ski resorts closed between the 1960s and 2022, while many of those that remained were gobbled up by private equity-backed companies—with Colorado-based skiing behemoths Vail Resorts and Alterra Mountain Co. Alterra and Vail operate 14% of public US ski areas with a lift, stretching from the Rockies to the Appalachians—and their ownership of large ski resorts puts them in control of half the country’s lift capacity. The advent of Vail’s Epic Pass in 2008 and the launch of Alterra’s rival Ikon Pass in 2018 allowed the companies to enjoy predictable revenue in an industry constrained by capricious weather patterns. There’s a catch: While offering a relatively good deal to those willing to make skiing their entire personality commit to hitting the slopes all winter, Vail and Alterra jacked up the price of one-day lift tickets to incentivize seasonal pass signups. This season, weekend daily lift access at Vail’s top resorts costs an average $261, according to Bloomberg, while a seasonal pass that gives skiers unlimited access to 42 locations was $982.

Link: https://www.morningbrew.com/stories/2025/11/29/skiing-can-be-dirt-cheap-or-a-wallet-wipeout?utm_source=&utm_medium=syndication&utm_campaign=feed
Article: Some of the world’s most upscale ski resorts catering to the jet set are clustered in the Rockies and the Alps: A one-day ski pass at the Aspen resort in Colorado goes for as much as $279 during peak season, granting access to high-altitude skiing on four mountains—the tallest of which stands at 11,212 feet. On the flip side, at Courchevel 1850 in France, which is considered the ritziest Alpine ski resort, daily lift tickets are a more affordable $86 during high season—even with its Gucci-branded gondolas and proximity to several Michelin star restaurants. But for those of us unaccustomed to traveling by helicopter, the best bet is an independent ski resort, like the Turner Mountain in Montana, where a daily pass is just $45. There’s options to ski for the price of a sandwich…if you’re willing to travel to super bargains like the 4,757-footer at Kolašin 1450 in Montenegro ($29 per day) or Denizli ski resort in Turkey, which charges $7.—SK

Link: https://www.morningbrew.com/stories/2025/11/29/the-cannons-keeping-ski-towns-afloat?utm_source=&utm_medium=syndication&utm_campaign=feed
Article: Cold time is money: To cushion lighter snowfall at the beginning and end of winter, the Aspen Snowmass resort upgraded its snowmakers this summer as part of a broader $80 million development project, for example. But…the pressurized cannons dotting ski trails typically work in tandem with local weather, so there’s usually only so much that they can do: Basic snowmakers shoot out high-pressure water and condensed air, meaning they’re useless if it’s not cold enough outside. Conundrum: Newer snow machines can work in up to 80-degree weather, but they cost as much as $500,000, compared to $15,000 to $30,000 for traditional models, according to the Washington Post.

Link: https://www.morningbrew.com/stories/you-might-not-be-saving-on-holiday-discounts?utm_source=&utm_medium=syndication&utm_campaign=feed
Article: Signs can be misleading Most items marked as “on sale” include an original or list price to show you just how much you’re saving—but retailers can artificially inflate these “original” prices or mark down goods for months to give the illusion of a sale. Fowler compared the prices of 50 items he previously purchased on Amazon (like toys, printer toner, clothes, etc.) in the six months leading up to Prime Big Deal Days in October with their prices during the sale on Oct. Similarly, Consumers’ Checkbook tracked popular sale items from 25 major retailers, and 12 of those retailers (including Bass Pro Shops, Gap, Michaels, and Wayfair) listed half of their items on sale for nearly 25 weeks straight.

Link: https://www.morningbrew.com/stories/2025/11/24/are-all-of-these-loyalty-schemes-programs-worth-it?utm_source=&utm_medium=syndication&utm_campaign=feed
Article: The Washington Post looked into potential loyalty paranoia and instead found that Starbucks and other companies might use your info to cut back on your deals through surveillance pricing: Former FTC officials Samuel Levine and Stephanie Nguyen told the outlet that some companies will use AI and your personal data to charge higher prices to specific patrons. A study from the Vanderbilt Policy Accelerator and the University of California at Berkeley’s Center for Consumer Law & Economic Justice also found that these programs can invert the idea of loyalty, benefiting companies more than customers. Data concerns: Ask that app not to track all you want, but some are still able to gather enough data in other ways to determine things like your income and how much money you’re willing to fork over. The author of the WaPo story requested and received his data report from Starbucks, which showed every drink and snack he had bought, every offer he had received, and every tap he made in the app. Noting that in some cases loyalty programs may be the only path to a discount, Levine told WaPo, “We shouldn’t be put in a position where we have to decide between affording our groceries and protecting our privacy.”—DL

Link: https://www.morningbrew.com/stories/2025/11/28/the-coupons-not-dead-yet?utm_source=&utm_medium=syndication&utm_campaign=feed
Article: Although coupon use plummeted to an all-time low in 2022: Redemptions ticked up in 2023 and 2024, mostly driven by digital offers rather than traditional newspaper inserts, according to Inmar Intelligence. More than 25% of US adults are using more coupons because of the state of the economy, up from 18% in mid-2021, according to a 2024 survey by the National Retail Federation. The deals aren’t what they used to be Gone is the era of combining enough coupons to save 75% at checkout (or even be owed money by the store): Walmart, ShopRite, and Target don’t let shoppers use more than four of the same paper coupon in one day anymore. Where the Extreme Couponers are now: Many stars of the 2011–2012 TLC show moved on from coupon-clipping to maxing out their 401(k) and IRA contributions and racking up hotel loyalty points for cheaper travel.

Link: https://www.morningbrew.com/stories/2025/11/27/origins-of-black-friday?utm_source=&utm_medium=syndication&utm_campaign=feed
Article: You might wait to buy a new mattress on Presidents Day or Memorial Day, but if you want to camp out outside a big-box store and possibly get in a fist fight on your way through the door, there’s only one Black Friday. The term originated in a very different corner of capitalism, as it was the descriptor given to a September 1869 stock market crash brought on by a panic caused by gold speculators. It reemerged in Philadelphia in the 1950s, and this time it was about the day after Thanksgiving—but not yet about getting cheap gifts at the start of the holiday season. But the biggest one has yet to feature on most US calendars: There’s a shopping holiday in China known as Singles Day that recently generated ~$150 billion in sales—more than Black Friday and Prime Day combined.

Link: https://www.morningbrew.com/stories/us-retail-spending-sagged-in-september?utm_source=&utm_medium=syndication&utm_campaign=feed
Article: Bargain retailers benefit Companies that pride themselves on values and discounts are doing well: Walmart’s Q3 sales beat estimates, and the company raised its profit outlook for the second time this year. Best Buy, meanwhile, reported a 2.7% increase in same-store sales, its biggest quarterly gain in four years, though CEO Corie Barry said that customers were being more “thoughtful” about big-ticket items.

Link: https://www.morningbrew.com/stories/2025/11/26/netflix-s-stranger-things-send-off-starts-tonight?utm_source=&utm_medium=syndication&utm_campaign=feed
Article: The long-awaited final season of Stranger Things drops tonight on Netflix, marking the end of an era that began in 2016, when most of the cast was still years away from being old enough to vote and know what an IPA tastes like. The show’s first four seasons all landed in Netflix’s most recent weekly top 10, a first for the platform and a sign of the buzz that Netflix wants to draw out over the course of several weeks. Warming to theaters: Earlier this year, CEO Ted Sarandos called the idea of releasing movies in theaters “outmoded,” but the Stranger Things series finale will spend two days in 350 cinemas.

Link: https://www.morningbrew.com/stories/2025/11/25/more-homesellers-are-giving-up-amid-a-slow-market?utm_source=&utm_medium=syndication&utm_campaign=feed
Article: Because it’s a buyer’s market High mortgage rates and economic uncertainty have made the early 2020s housing frenzy feel as fleeting as the sourdough baking fad—with many homes now languishing on the market for months. For many sellers, offering a discount is the only way to woo buyers: 57% of properties sold in the first ten months of 2025 got a price cut, compared to 47% between 2020 and 2024, according to the National Association of Realtors.

Link: https://www.morningbrew.com/stories/2025/11/25/the-chaos-of-thanksgiving-travel-begins-today?utm_source=&utm_medium=syndication&utm_campaign=feed
Article: More bad news: Most of the US will likely get some sort of troubling weather over the next week, including severe storms across the South, and snow in the Northern Rockies that could impact road safety.—DL

Link: https://www.morningbrew.com/stories/2025/11/25/novo-nordisk-alzheimers-trial-failed?utm_source=&utm_medium=syndication&utm_campaign=feed
Article: The idea that semaglutide could help treat diabetes, obesity, potentially addiction, and the most common cause of dementia appears too good to be true: An Ozempic-like drug failed in a highly anticipated Alzheimer’s trial, Novo Nordisk announced yesterday. Trial participants who took a pill version of the active ingredient in Ozempic and Wegovy showed some improvement in Alzheimer’s biomarkers, but it did nothing to delay the disease’s progression, according to Novo Nordisk. The trial was inspired by earlier research suggesting that people with Type 2 diabetes who took semaglutide had lower rates of dementia than groups who took other diabetes drugs or placebos. The company ousted its eight-year CEO and installed a new one in August to turn its fortune around and claw back some of the market share it lost to Eli Lilly in recent years.

Link: https://www.morningbrew.com/stories/2025/11/25/the-bond-market-is-overrun-by-ai?utm_source=&utm_medium=syndication&utm_campaign=feed
Article: Tech giants are issuing IOUs as frantically as that classmate who was always asking everyone to spot him a dollar for vending machine snacks—and it’s dampening the prices of their bonds. Buy bonds, AI bonds Bonds are becoming a larger part of AI borrowing and vice versa: AI companies surpassed banks as the largest high-grade bond issuers in the US, accounting for 14% of bond debt this year, according to JPMorgan. So-called AI hyperscalers like Amazon, Meta, Alphabet, and Oracle issued $90 billion in investment-grade bonds since the start of September, more than in the preceding 40 months, Dealogic data cited by the Wall Street Journal shows.

Link: https://www.morningbrew.com/stories/2025/11/24/wicked-part-2-paints-box-office-green-green-green?utm_source=&utm_medium=syndication&utm_campaign=feed
Article: The box office likes this bubble The film earned generally positive reviews, but it’s nabbing particular attention for being Ariana Grande’s vehicle: The events of this second act of the musical follow Glinda’s rise from mouthpiece of the Ozian government to rebel, giving Grande more opportunities to display her range.

Link: https://www.morningbrew.com/stories/2025/11/24/google-is-putting-the-alpha-in-alphabet?utm_source=&utm_medium=syndication&utm_campaign=feed
Article: And, on Friday, Alphabet passed Microsoft to become the third-most valuable US company by market cap (take that, Mico), days after launching its newest AI model, Gemini 3, last Tuesday. Then, on Thursday, Google launched an updated version of its image-generation tool, Nano Banana Pro, which VP of Google Labs and Gemini Josh Woodward told CNBC is “incredible at infographics” (it also makes slide decks). According to a new report from the Pew Research Center on Americans’ social media usage this year: YouTube is the most widely used online platform among both US adults and teens. Potential speed bump: A federal judge ruled earlier this year that Google broke antitrust laws to boost its ad business, but the remedy likely won’t be known until next year.

Link: https://www.morningbrew.com/stories/what-is-project-b?utm_source=&utm_medium=syndication&utm_campaign=feed
Article: Founded by tech moguls Geoff Prentice (co-founder of Skype) and Grady Burnett (former Facebook exec), the 5-on-5 pro league will play seven two-week tournaments across Europe, Asia, and the Americas. Project B signed its first four players this month: former WNBA MVP Nneka Ogwumike, Phoenix Mercury forward Alyssa Thomas, New York Liberty power forward Jonquel Jones, and Las Vegas Aces guard Jewell Lloyd. On Friday, Project B announced its first international acquisitions: Kamilla Cardoso of Brazil, Janelle Salaun of France, and Li Meng of China all got “equity-laden deals,” according to Sports Business Journal. Athletes Unlimited, a four-week “playoff intensity competition” held in Nashville each winter, debuted in 2022, and Unrivaled, a 3-on-3 professional league founded by NBA stars Napheesa Collier and Breanna Stewart, ran its inaugural season from January to March this year.

Link: https://www.morningbrew.com/stories/2025/11/23/americas-oldest-sport-is-drawing-up-new-plays?utm_source=&utm_medium=syndication&utm_campaign=feed
Article: The Premier Lacrosse League (PLL) was founded by brothers Paul and Mike Rabil in 2019 as an upgrade to Major League Lacrosse (MLL), which had long been criticized for low player salaries and inconsistent media exposure. “Innovation has always been our engine.” With the backing of investors like Alibaba co-founder Joe Tsai, the PLL made a handful of bold moves: Player equity: Every player has an ownership stake in the league—a model adopted by a number of upstart leagues (like Unrivaled). The early returns have been generally positive: ESPN was so happy with its media deal that it bought a minority stake in the league, and PLL reports that viewership and ticket revenue are climbing from their modest beginnings. Looking ahead: The Brothers Rabil and the PLL have been instrumental in securing lacrosse’s return to the Olympics competitively for the first time in 120 years at the 2028 Games in LA. But a major question looms about whether the IOC will allow the Haudenosaunee people from present-day New York and parts of Canada—who created the first version of lacrosse almost 1,000 years ago—to compete under their own flag.—AE

Link: https://www.morningbrew.com/stories/2025/11/23/nba-nfl-want-to-build-second-homes-in-europe?utm_source=&utm_medium=syndication&utm_campaign=feed
Article: The NFL’s idea: a European division In 2007, the NFL began sending teams to play games in Europe, a tradition that has grown in popularity and frequency over the years, despite the heavy involvement of the Jacksonville Jaguars. The NFL played its first game in Spain last Sunday, and league Commissioner Roger Goodell raved about the response, saying, “We will be back, we are excited.” The NBA’s idea: a European league While the NFL is more in the planning stages with its division idea, last week, the NBA announced its intentions to start a 16-team European league: Its goal is to launch in October 2027, and it’s already enlisted JPMorgan Chase and the Raine Group to find investors. Untapped market: George Aivazoglou, the NBA’s SVP and managing director for Europe and the Middle East, says Europe has a $50 billion sports market, with basketball leagues currently accounting for less than 0.5% of it. Zoom out: While there are fewer NBA fans in Europe than in the US, there is a higher concentration of younger viewers who love watching North American hoops, according to an S&P Global survey of 2023 viewership data.

Link: https://www.morningbrew.com/stories/2025/11/23/move-over-pickleball-there-s-a-new-hit-sport-in-town?utm_source=&utm_medium=syndication&utm_campaign=feed
Article: Star power is still driving the sport’s popularity, with David Beckham, Serena Williams, Lionel Messi, and Prince William and Princess Kate all counting themselves among the 30+ million amateurs who, according to the International Padel Federation, play padel across nearly 150 countries.

Link: https://www.morningbrew.com/stories/2025/11/21/what-are-we-gonna-do-about-turf-fields?utm_source=&utm_medium=syndication&utm_campaign=feed
Article: The stadium is a focal point for the pro-grass camp, which argues that turf—the water-saving and allegedly less expensive option—is also the more dangerous one: More than a dozen players have sustained knee ligament or Achilles tendon tears at MetLife since 2020, with most occurring before the stadium upgraded its turf in 2023, according to ESPN. After Nabers’s injury, free agent Odell Beckham Jr.—who fractured his ankle at MetLife in 2017—criticized the NFL for taking “all The precautions in the world with EVERYthing else when it comes to players’ ‘health’ and ‘safety.’” But…NFL data reportedly found MetLife to be ninth-best for lower-extremity injuries out of all 30 NFL stadiums in 2024. Zoom out: Turf-haters say that if the league doesn’t get rid of artificial grass, the least it could do is pick one type and stick to it: There are five popular turf brands in the NFL, which can make each away game a new exercise in finding your footing.—ML

Link: https://www.morningbrew.com/stories/eli-lilly-hits-trillion-dollar-market-cap?utm_source=&utm_medium=syndication&utm_campaign=feed
Article: Obesity and diabetes drugs, including blockbusters Zepbound and Mounjaro, now account for over half of Eli Lilly’s total revenue, bringing in $10.09 billion of its total $17.6 billion last quarter. When Novo Nordisk first gained approval to sell Ozempic for weight loss, the drugmaker struggled with supply shortages, allowing Eli Lilly to swoop in and establish its stronghold on the $72 billion weight loss drug market. Eli Lilly was set up to take the top spot after a massive overhaul of its research and development process in the last decade, following a number of expensive rollouts that flopped.

Link: https://www.morningbrew.com/stories/2025/11/22/pre-thanksgiving-strolls-are-firing-up-weed-sales?utm_source=&utm_medium=syndication&utm_campaign=feed
Article: More weed, less booze: Per Bloomberg, the total value of the world’s leading beer, wine, and spirits makers has dropped $830 million over the past four-plus years as attitudes change around weed and the adverse health effects of alcohol.

Link: https://www.morningbrew.com/stories/2025/11/21/consumer-groups-warn-parents-of?utm_source=&utm_medium=syndication&utm_campaign=feed
Article: Add this to the list of things parents need to be concerned about, in between lice and an imaginary friend resembling the Victorian child who inhabited their home 150 years ago: AI toys. OpenAI, whose GPT-4o chatbot model was used to power Singapore-based FoloToy, suspended its relationship with the company, after researchers were able to get the toymaker’s teddy bear to discuss sexual fetishes and give instructions about how to light a match and where to find knives in the home. The group accuses the toys of preying on children’s trust, disrupting their relationships, and invading privacy: A decade ago, Fairplay led the campaign against a wi-fi-connected talking Barbie doll, accusing it of recording children’s conversations.

Link: https://www.morningbrew.com/stories/2025/11/21/walmart-says-it-s-a-tech-company-now?utm_source=&utm_medium=syndication&utm_campaign=feed
Article: Stores that have been open at least a year grew their sales 4.5% in Q3 compared to a year ago, as Walmart wooed shoppers trading down to its more affordable offerings.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nba/dwight-howard-sends-giannis-antetokounmpo-message-lakers-11158984
Article: Hours after the Bucks took care of business against the Pistons, the NBA legend Dwight Howard took to social media to send Giannis a message—and the message had a Lakers spin to it.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nfl/jason-kelce-reacts-to-chiefs-prestigious-travis-kelce-announcement-11160189
Article: The Chiefs announced that Kelce, for the second straight year, has been named the team’s Walter Payton Man of the Year Club Winner—an honor many consider the most prestigious award in the NFL. He has also contributed to and partnered with numerous charitable efforts in both Kansas City and his hometown of Cleveland Heights, where he grew up alongside his older brother, Jason—who couldn’t have been prouder to see Travis receive the honor on Thursday. He and the 31 other team nominees will be honored at NFL Honors just days before the Super Bowl, where one player will be selected as the league-wide Walter Payton Man of the Year. "Coming from Cleveland Heights and having a strong support system has taught me the importance of having the right people around—people who show up for you and want to see you succeed. Being able to give back to Kansas City and to my hometown, places that have done so much for me, has been a dream come true, and I'll never take that for granted. Representing the team, the Hunt family, our fans, and my foundation is incredibly special, and I'm very grateful." More news: Vikings Top Candidate to Reunite With 18,000-Yard QB Amid JJ McCarthy Concern

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/ncaa/tosh-lupi-cal-oregon-college-football-playoff-11160175
Article: More News: Marcus Freeman ‘Upset’ With Alabama Jumping Notre Dame Best case scenario: The CFP selection committee moves the Ducks up a spot on Sunday, giving the program a bye in the first round. "The school is expected to announce the deal in the near future." Thamel did not specify if Lupoi would coach at Oregon though the CFP when Call officially announces the hire.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/arizona-freeze-warning-map-shows-where-temperatures-may-dip-into-20s-11160048
Article: Communities across the state are confronted with heightened risks to agriculture, infrastructure and possibly public safety following the National Weather Service’s (NWS) issuance of a freeze warning, with some regions expected to see temperatures dip as low as the mid-20s. According to the NWS, the freeze warning affects eastern Cochise County below 5,000 feet, the upper Gila River Valley, upper San Pedro River Valley, upper Santa Cruz River Valley, Altar Valley, Globe, Miami, San Carlos and the Tonto Basin. #azwx" NWS Meteorologist Brian Hurley told Newsweek via phone Thursday night that Arizona "certainly can" see temperatures this low, as some areas are "10 degrees below average." "The highs are expected to be near 60 tomorrow, for areas under the freeze warning," Hurley added. "A lot of the coldest air is near the middle part of the country and east." Elsewhere in nearby regions, alerts extend into Idaho, Montana, Utah and Wyoming, with some Colorado areas forecast to see snow accumulations of 12 to 24 inches and gusting winds up to 55 mph, the NWS says.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/wrestling/former-wwe-champion-calls-out-cm-punk-for-scary-wargames-mistake-11160147
Article: During one of the big spots in the match, Rhodes picked up Breakker on his shoulders and walked across the ring, where Punk leapt off the corner for a Doomsday Device. Former Hardcore champion Stevie Richards, appearing on his "The Stevie Richards Show," reviewed footage of the Doomsday Device move and how Punk jumped off the corner to take Breakker down. He like kind of palm-striked him in the chest." "That's the part that absolutely goes wrong," Richards indicated, suggesting Rhodes did his part by holding up Breakker and pushing on his knees, but Punk needed to "drive through" with a good clothesline to flip Breakker for the proper landing on the mat.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nba/warriors-insider-delivers-reality-jimmy-butler-frustration-11158748
Article: The Golden State Warriors are out of the honeymoon phase with last year’s blockbuster addition, and they are seeing the veteran star’s straightforward approach play out in real time as the Warriors are off to an underwhelming start. According to the Warriors insider Nick Friedell, Butler isn’t “disgruntled, as much as he's just being honest that he's pissed." Don’t Panic—But Pay Attention When Butler speaks, it’s best to listen. “It’s just sad.” When Butler elaborated on the factors frustrating him, he made it clear not to blame the Warriors’ coaches, as it’s on the players to execute on the court. Don’t listen to Steve when he says, ‘This is on me, and I got to be better.’ Nah, it’s on the guys around this locker room.” During Butler’s 30-game stretch with the Warriors last season, he averaged 17.9 points, 5.5 rebounds, and 5.9 assists. Considering his past, there will always be concerns surrounding the multi-time All-Star when he voices his disappointment, but the reality is that Butler has not reached a level of disgruntlement.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nfl/exclusive-chris-longs-bold-take-is-good-news-for-eagles-fans-11153190
Article: It’s pretty clear that despite the Eagles’ 8-4 record, they’re being seen as a struggling team right now, when the extent of their struggles is really just the way the offense is working. Read More: Eagles Legends Chris Long, Connor Barwin Unite for Annual Charity Event “In [2018], we started four and six and we looked a lot worse than this team," he said in an exclusive with Newsweek. We played New Orleans down to the wire on the road.” The Eagles were one game short of making the NFC Championship Game that year on a 20-14 loss to the New Orleans Saints, but they were never officially down and out during the season. One concerning comparison is the fact that in that Eagles-Saints divisional game, the Eagles were held to only two touchdowns the entire game – something opponents are more than capable of doing to this current team. Read More: Bills Bolster Struggling Secondary With Addition of All-Pro CB With uncertainty in the Eagles’ playoffs looming, Long reassures fans that the Eagles are really fine, alluding to the idea that they set the standard last season for good football. “They have not been playing like a good football team, but you have to keep in mind: over the last year, they set a standard that’s really hard to live up to.” Long said.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nba/rockets-top-candidate-to-reunite-with-former-mvp-amid-clippers-drama-11160096
Article: With speculation growing that the Clippers may punt on the season and shop their best veterans, league insiders are already pointing to one name with legitimate win-now value: James Harden. He is averaging 26.9 points, 5.6 rebounds, and 8.4 assists on 43.7 percent shooting and nearly 37% from 3, ranking fifth in the NBA in assists and still functioning as one of the league’s best offensive engines. answers nearly every question a contender must solve: Harden no longer has to carry the scoring burden Houston’s wings cover for his defensive limitations Şengün gives him the best pick-and-roll partner he’s had since Clint Capela Durant gives him a closer he trusts That blend of structure and talent is something the Clippers have failed to provide. To simply make the money work, Houston would have to consider something like: Fred VanVleet Reed Sheppard Tari Eason Even then, Houston risks locking itself into a financial gridlock that could cripple its long-term flexibility.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/photos-show-supermoon-light-up-the-skies-across-the-us-11160066
Article: A supermoon occurs when a full moon coincides with the moon’s closest approach to Earth in its orbit, a point known as perigee, making it appear slightly bigger and brighter than usual. NASA points out that the term supermoon is not an official astronomical term, but describes the event as "a full Moon that comes within at least 90 percent of perigee." ...

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nfl/minnesota-vikings-daniel-jones-jj-mccarthy-indianapolis-colts-11160026
Article: "If McCarthy returns from his concussion and shows signs of growth over the final month of the season, the Vikings should field competition for their starting job in camp next year," Barnwell wrote. "If he continues to look overmatched upon his return to the lineup, though, the Vikings might move forward with a new plan at quarterback, consigning McCarthy to a backup role after just a handful of pro starts." Read More: JJ McCarthy News Prompts Vikings Quarterback Move ... Somewhat ironically, the best player at that position heading to the market is Daniel Jones, whom the Vikings had on their roster last season but let walk to the Indianapolis Colts in free agency to clear the way for McCarthy. “The Colts signaled their intentions to build around this rejuvenated version of Jones when they spent big on other spots at the trade deadline, but how Jones finishes could determine his long-term fate, not so dissimilar to Sam Darnold of last year," Benjamin wrote.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/kagan-warns-constitutional-violation-in-supreme-courts-texas-map-ruling-11159892
Article: "And that result, as this Court has pronounced year in and year out, is a violation of the Constitution." Why It Matters The court responded to an emergency request from Texas for quick action ahead of the qualifying deadline for March primary elections. The ruling now allows Texas to proceed with its map in a major win for President Donald Trump as he looks to avoid losing the House—which has a thin Republican majority—to Democrats. Opponents of the map argue that it violates the federal Voting Rights Act by reducing representation of minority voters in various new districts, while Republicans argue that it creates a new Hispanic-majority district and two new Black-majority districts—to which critics argue that the majorities are thin and rely on high voter turnout. What To Know Kagan, on behalf of the three liberal justices on the court, made clear that they believe the decision will lead to a "violation of the Constitution," citing a race-based allocation of voters. The decision notably makes no ruling on the constitutionality of the redistricting, leaving the question unresolved as to whether the new map unfairly dilutes the power of Black and Latino voters. The desire for more Republican seats no doubt motivated the redistricting project: It was, as this Court has said, the officials’ 'end goal.'" "Today's order disserves the millions of Texans whom the District Court found were assigned to their new districts based on their race. What People Are Saying Texas Republican Attorney General Ken Paxton, in a statement after the ruling, in part: "Texas is paving the way as we take our country back, district by district, state by state. This map reflects the political climate of our state and is a massive win for Texas and every conservative who is tired of watching the left try to upend the political system with bogus lawsuits.” Democratic National Committee Chair Ken Martin, in a statement: “Today’s decision by the Supreme Court to allow Texas Republicans’ rigged, racially gerrymandered maps to go into effect is wrong — both morally and legally. Once again, the Supreme Court gave Trump exactly what he wanted: a rigged map to help Republicans avoid accountability in the midterms for turning their backs on the American people.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/ncaa/notre-dame-rb-jeremiyah-love-gives-clear-response-on-cfp-debate-11160033
Article: The Notre Dame Fighting Irish are in an interesting controversy: they're ranked among the College Football Playoff teams, but many feel another team might be more deserving of their spot amongst the 12 teams in the bracket. I mean, yeah, we lost two games in the beginning of the season, Week 1 and Week 2, but you look at all the other teams that you’re comparing us to, and look at their schedules and who they’ve lost to,” Love said on “See Ball Get Ball with David Pollack.” Along with that, Love boasted of Notre Dame having a lot of great playmakers and being a "must-see team," adding that he felt, "a lot of times people don't like Notre Dame." "That's just how I feel. Colin mentioned that the committee is basically saying, “Notre Dame didn’t really have a quality win, but they had no bad losses.” Klatt agreed that both Miami and Texas have cases for being CFP teams.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nfl/raiders-geno-smith-receives-big-update-about-nfl-future-11160042
Article: There was some hope that the Las Vegas Raiders were finally getting back on track when they hired Pete Carroll to be their head coach during the offseason and later acquired Geno Smith, his old quarterback, from the Seattle Seahawks. Now that the calendar has turned over the December, the Raiders have a 2-10 record, and Smith isn't playing at the level he was at during his previous three seasons in Seattle. Read more: Lions Make Final Decision on Amon-Ra St Brown Minutes Before Kickoff One would think that the Raiders would look to take a quarterback in this April's NFL draft, which would make one think that Smith could be gone. “So I would probably lean more toward… you draft a quarterback, Geno Smith becomes the guy that you roll into next year with until you feel like the rookie is ready to take over and then you hand over the reins to him. His yards per game, yards per pass attempt, passer rating and QBR are all significantly lower than they were the previous three seasons, when he made the Pro Bowl twice.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nfl/chicago-bears-diss-ben-johnson-green-bay-packers-personal-11160043
Article: More News: Marcus Freeman ‘Upset’ With Alabama Jumping Notre Dame During his introductory news conference in January, Bears head coach Ben Johnson took a shot at Packers head coach Matt LaFleur. "I’ll just leave it at that.” Earlier this year, LaFleur said he wasn't offended by Johnson's comments, chalking it up to the new Bears coach needing to play to the Chicago fan base. “So while it's being deflected this week by both coaches, and maybe Ben wants to go back and bury it a little bit, it is very much present," Dales said.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nfl/buffalo-bills-emerge-favorite-franchise-altering-trade-11160046
Article: Read more: Adam Schefter Gets Honest About Vikings, Justin Jefferson Trade Rumors One clear issue for Buffalo this season has been the production the team has received from the wide receiver position. It's unlikely that the Vikings would trade Jefferson or that he would demand a trade, but if he did, Buffalo could very well emerge as a favorite to make a blockbuster deal for him. Read more: Micah Parsons Doesn’t Hold Back About Penn State Coaching Search On the other hand, Allen would be getting the best wide receiver in the league and potentially the best wide receiver of all-time when everything is said and done.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/ncaa/florida-legend-steve-spurrier-calls-out-lane-kiffins-lsu-move-11160007
Article: Kiffin made it clear that he wanted to continue coaching the Rebels on their postseason run, but athletic director Keith Carter and the Ole Miss administration would not allow it. When discussing the situation during a recent episode of "Another Dooley Noted Podcast," Florida Gators coaching legend Steve Spurrier called Kiffin's decision to leave Ole Miss for LSU a "lateral move." "It looked like a lateral move for Lane Kiffin to go to LSU," Spurrier said. More Football: Chris Henry Jr.’s Decision Prompts Strong Message From Ryan Day: Report Spurrier compared the Kiffin situation to Florida's hiring of Tulane head coach Jon Sumrall, who will continue to coach the Green Wave through their upcoming AAC championship game and possible College Football Playoff run. Why would you go there?'" More Football: Urban Meyer Has Strong Words for Louisiana Governor’s Lane Kiffin Decision While Spurrier views Ole Miss to LSU as a lateral move, Kiffin firmly believes it's a serious upgrade. “When you take the history, tradition, passion and the great players in the state of Louisiana, no one can argue that when you’re in Tiger Stadium on Saturday night there is nothing like it,” Kiffin said in his introductory press conference.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/entertainment/tv/netflix-decides-fate-of-wednesday-season-3-11111674
Article: While it wouldn't be beyond the realm of possibility for the streamer to axe a popular show in its prime, this time it's opted for the safe bet: yes, there will be a "Wednesday" Season 3. “We want to continue digging deeper into our characters while expanding the world of Nevermore and Wednesday.” One question expected to be answered involves Wednesday’s mysterious aunt, Ophelia, who could be key to unlocking her dark family past. Here's the cast for "Wednesday Season 3." Jenna Ortega — Wednesday Addams Eva Green - Aunt Ophelia Emma Myers — Enid Sinclair Hunter Doohan — Tyler Galpin Joy Sunday — Bianca Barclay Moosa Mostafa — Eugene Ottinger Georgie Farmer — Ajax Petropolus Isaac Ordonez — Pugsley Addams Billie Piper — Isadora Capri Luyanda Unati Lewis-Nyawo — Sheriff Ritchie Santiago Victor Dorobantu — Thing Evie Templeton — Agnes DeMille Luis Guzmán — Gomez Addams Catherine Zeta-Jones — Morticia Addams Joanna Lumley — Grandmama Hester Frump Fred Armisen — Uncle Fester What is 'Wednesday'?

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nba/warriors-hit-bad-draymond-green-news-76ers-11160012
Article: As the Warriors paid a visit to the Philadelphia 76ers on Thursday night, Green had an awkward landing, which was followed by the veteran forward struggling to walk without a limp. The Warriors then took Green out of the game, which led to the multi-time All-Star heading back to the locker room shortly before the Sixers and the Warriors went in for the half. While they felt good about clearing Quentin Post and Al Horford to play, along with seeing the debut of De’Anthony Melton, the Warriors were still missing a couple of key players.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/nation-world/cary-hiroyuki-tagawa-mortal-kombat-actor-dead-at-75/507-ded88136-23b9-4945-92a7-31dcca6c6f0f
Article: The prolific performer appeared in more than 150 film, television and video game projects during a four-decade career that began with an uncredited role in John Carpenter's 1986 cult classic "Big Trouble in Little China." Tagawa's breakout came the following year when he was cast in Bernardo Bertolucci's "The Last Emperor," which won nine Academy Awards including best picture. He played Shang Tsung in the 1995 "Mortal Kombat" film adaptation and reprised the role in the 1997 sequel "Mortal Kombat: Annihilation." He later brought the character to life in the web series "Mortal Kombat: Legacy" in 2013 and the video game "Mortal Kombat 11" in 2019. Other notable film credits included the James Bond movie "Licence to Kill" (1989), "Rising Sun" (1993), "The Phantom" (1996), "Pearl Harbor" (2001), "Planet of the Apes" (2001), "Memoirs of a Geisha" (2005) and "47 Ronin" (2013). On television, Tagawa starred as Trade Minister Nobusuke Tagomi in Amazon's "The Man in the High Castle" from 2015 to 2018 and appeared as Hiroki Watanabe in Netflix's "Lost in Space" from 2018 to 2021.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/crime/six-arrested-greenville-drug-bust-hunt-county-uncovers-stolen-goods-drug-lab/287-3187c9c4-e29b-4a41-8335-c0b8cb39d918
Article: DALLAS — The Hunt County Sheriff's Office concluded a multi-month investigation into an alleged drug house in Greenville, where multiple drugs were being produced and distributed, and several overdoses occurred, according to the county's Special Crimes Unit. A warrant served on Wednesday in the 5900 block of Lee Street produced six arrests and the discovery of several controlled substances, along with scales and baggies that Hunt County Sheriff's Office said confirmed that distribution occurred at that location.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/local/no-decision-in-civil-case-to-determine-whether-johnson-county-texas-sheriff-accused-of-sexual-harassment-can-remain-sheriff/287-8eea9f54-e4d0-4d6d-b2b4-6fbca6aebbe5
Article: JOHNSON COUNTY, Texas — A judge didn't issue a decision Thursday in a civil case on whether or not a North Texas sheriff accused of sexually harassing employees and abusing his office can remain in his position. King had voluntarily placed himself on administrative leave after his arrest in August, but during a hearing in October, Judge John Weeks allowed King to return to the sheriff's office three days per week. Under the terms of his release in October, King is not allowed to have contact with the seven named witnesses in the case, except through Captain Ben Arriola, have access to any GPS or tracking tools or conduct background checks on county employees. "There is a hearing scheduled for Thursday morning to return Sheriff King to do the work that he does so very well, and for the defense to obtain favorable information that the prosecutor badly wants to withhold.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/local/dallas-county/dart-receives-federal-grant-support-bus-replacement/287-e55e7f5e-cf47-447f-9488-19e233f5e8c6
Article: Transportation Secretary Sean Duffy, FTA Administrator Marcus Molinaro, and our entire congressional delegation for valuing their strong federal partnership with DART, recognizing the need to find additional funding to support transit programs in one of the fastest growing metro areas in the nation,” DART President and CEO Nadine Lee said in a statement. “The timing of this grant couldn’t be better as we begin to receive early delivery of new, state of the art vehicles from Gillig and as we move ahead with preparations to provide service to the massive crowds we expect next year with the FIFA World Cup.” This comes after DART bought 476 buses earlier this year.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/local/texas/texas-leaders-politicians-react-scotus-ruling-congressional-redistricting-maps/287-42d08a6d-6361-4f50-bc6d-6a0bae51d75e
Article: Despite a lower court throwing the maps out on the basis that they likely discriminated based on race, the Supreme Court decision puts them back in play for the 2026 elections — at least until the justices make a final decision. This map reflects the political climate of our state and is a massive win for Texas and every conservative who is tired of watching the left try to upend the political system with bogus lawsuits.” Lt. sugar daddy may have won in court, but I guarantee they will lose at the ballot box.” Collin Allred: “As a voting rights lawyer, I’ve spent my career fighting to make sure every Texan has an equal voice. "A bipartisan panel led by a Trump-appointed federal judge found substantial evidence that Texas Republicans racially gerrymandered the state’s congressional maps, a finding rooted in clear precedent and hours of testimony. "Republican policies have failed Texans at every turn: skyrocketing healthcare costs, an education system starved of funding, and inflation that keeps driving up the cost of everyday life — all the product of a political class that remains loyal to Donald Trump at the expense of their own constituents.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/crime/defendant-alvarado-ice-detention-center-case-surrenders-after-release-last-week-clerical-error/287-b2875896-c556-4ffe-a425-0da836528643
Article: ALVARADO, Texas — One of the defendants indicted in connection with the July incident at a North Texas ICE detention facility has surrendered to federal authorities after being released last week on a "clerical error." In a statement from the Free Des Support Committee, Daniel Rolando Sanchez-Estrada's lawyers speculate the release on Nov. “The amount of prayers and all the efforts that people are doing to support me and others is beyond believable, and we all feel super blessed.” Sanchez-Estrada has denied being at the incident on July 4, which the committee called a "solidarity noise demonstration." "Despite not having any knowledge or not having been near the area at all, I was violently arrested at gunpoint for allegedly making a 'wide turn,'" Sanchez-Estrada wrote in a statement. "My feeling is that I was only arrested because I’m married to Mari Rueda, who is being accused of being at the noise demo showing support to migrants who are facing deportation under deplorable conditions. Items that should be protected under the First Amendment 'freedom of speech,'" he wrote." "If this is happening to me now, it’s only a matter of time before it happens to you." This surrender comes as Sanchez-Estrada and eight other defendants have pleaded not guilty to several federal charges, including attempted murder and providing material support to terrorists. Despite all adversity and fear, I try to remain hopeful and positive, and not let this destroy my life and happiness.” A GoFundMe has been started to help pay Sanchez-Estrada's legal fees.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/nation-world/crayola-building-cubes-recall-magnet-ingestion-risk/507-e5e7fab1-03d6-4d49-be8a-8405744892ea
Article: Recalled Crayola pip-Cubes Bold Colors, 24 Cubes - Model 1000199, UPC 850067300199 Bold Colors, 27 Cubes - Model 1000243, UPC 850067300205 Glitter Cubes, 24 Cubes - Model 1000205, UPC 850067300205 Glitter Cubes, 27 Cubes - Model 1000250, UPC 850067300250

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/state/texas-news/texas-flood/kerrville-texas-hill-country-flood-911-calls-released/273-05746179-e243-4c6f-b77d-b4857894ea19
Article: SAN ANTONIO — The Kerrville Police Department on Thursday said they plan to release 911 calls made during the July 4 flooding disaster in that part of the Texas Hill Country, exactly five months after the Guadalupe River rose to dangerous levels during intense rain.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/sports/soccer/world-cup/race-is-on-finish-construction-projects-ahead-of-fifa-world-cup/287-46059cf2-ef38-4872-a2fc-3e75b16a868b
Article: Mansfield is rushing to finish construction on a new 7,500-seat soccer stadium that city officials hope will serve as a team headquarters during the 2026 FIFA World Cup, with Mayor Michael Avens expecting to have the stadium completed by May 2026. The stadium, part of the larger $2.5 billion Staybolt Street Entertainment District, represents Mansfield's bid to become what Evans calls "the southern gateway for professional soccer" during the world's most-watched sporting event. Matt Denny, general manager of North Texas SC, expressed enthusiasm about the intimate stadium design, noting that fans will sit close enough to the action that "they're going to have to watch for balls coming and knocking their drinks off the table or off their seats." Evans emphasized the global significance of hosting World Cup teams, saying the event will bring "a country whose following is going to be coming to Mansfield, Texas and I don't think we even understand just how big that is. "The World Cup is the biggest event on the planet, it's the biggest event in the world and for Mansfield to be a part of that conversation is just huge," Denny said. "We're talking about a concert venue as well, we're talking about NCAA volleyball, we're talking about rodeo opportunities all of those kinds of things right here in Mansfield," Evans said. The Cotton Bowl received upgrades for potential team base camps, AT&T Stadium installed new premium suites and temporarily raising its field level for soccer, and Dallas is spending $15 million to repair the roof of the Kay Bailey Hutchison Convention Center to accommodate international media.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/local/fort-hood-obgyn-blaine-mcgraw-arrested-booked-into-bell-county-jail/500-ba959071-3b03-4e1d-9d70-6246d521b1e1
Article: Fort Hood officials say McGraw has been ordered into pretrial confinement after "apparently violating conditions of liberty imposed by his commander." Fort Hood released the following statement on the arrest: "Fort Hood officials ordered Maj. In accordance with the Uniform Code of Military Justice, a neutral and detached military magistrate will conduct a pretrial confinement review within seven days, and the magistrate will determine whether continued confinement is warranted. McGraw is presumed innocent unless proven guilty." McGraw, a suspended Fort Hood OBGYN, faces allegations involving more than 100 individuals across multiple states for secretly recording patients during their exams. McGraw as their physician in Hawaii at Tripler Army Medical Center, and we are pursuing their claims as well.” The Carlson Law Firm represents about 23 clients, including one from Tripler and the rest from Darnall, according to Amanda Lequerique, the firm’s legal support manager.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/syndication/associatedpress/lt-gov-dan-patrick-proposes-giving-texas-newborns-1000-each-critics-oppose-increased-spending/616-c1ec39b0-f855-4098-bc04-33f038516b82
Article: Dan Patrick on Wednesday proposed a state program to give every baby born in Texas $1,000 invested in the stock market, modeling the idea off a federal plan created as part of President Donald Trump’s tax and spending legislation. Patrick said on social media he would prioritize a measure during the 2027 legislative session to create the investment accounts, dubbed the “New Little Texan Savings Fund.” The program would invest $1,000 in public funding in the stock market for every baby born in Texas. “Creating state-run wealth accounts for every newborn violates key liberty principles: It expands government rather than limiting it, replaces personal responsibility with state dependency and undermines free enterprise by turning the state into an investor. Cruz celebrated the proposal, arguing that the Trump accounts would “create a whole new generation of capitalists invested in America’s success.” “I’m thrilled to see the Lone Star State and my good friend @DanPatrick taking this even further for Texas kids,” Cruz posted on social media.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/local/tarrant-county/fort-worth-cattle-drive-returning-friday-hiatus-equine-virus/287-75d0c506-0b6e-49a7-a609-54d9896ebdcc
Article: FORT WORTH, Texas — After more than a week of empty streets and stalled traditions, the Fort Worth Herd returned to East Exchange Avenue on Friday, a sign of relief for those who care for the animals and the thousands who come to see them. 28, according to its organizers, who emphasized that their equine veterinary team agreed with the decision "because of the precautions our team has taken and the safety protocols we have in place." For trail boss Georgia Cartwright, it was the Christmas gift she’d been hoping for. 20, came on the heels of an outbreak of Equine Herpesvirus Type 1 (EHV-1) that was reported by veterinarians after the recent World Championship Barrel Racing (WPRA) Finals in the Waco area on Nov.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/local/tarrant-county/national-cutting-horse-association-in-fort-worth-a-family-tradition/287-a43ffbf6-58e6-416b-9cb9-bd57cd7c098f
Article: But across the street in Watt Arena, where individual horses sold at auction for more than $225,000, ranchers like Cole Tachdjian of Rockin R Ranch in Palmer were bidding on the yearlings they hope will eventually get them top prize. "For the most part, I think everybody in there does it as a passion for the western lifestyle and a passion to better the quarter horse breed," he told WFAA. A celebrated trainer from Colorado now working with the Tachdjian family, he is one of the few riders to surpass a million dollars in winnings and earn his spot in the NCHA Hall of Fame. You got the best seat in the house." Cutting horses, already popular and deeply ingrained in the ranching culture of Fort Worth, have surged in visibility thanks in part to Yellowstone co-creator Taylor Sheridan, a champion of the sport who often slips into the saddle himself.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/local/texas/supreme-court-texas-congressional-maps/285-67b5bf47-8b32-43df-83ba-92d9baccb5aa
Article: WASHINGTON D.C., DC — The Supreme Court on Thursday came to the rescue of Texas Republicans, allowing next year’s elections to be held under the state’s congressional redistricting plan favorable to the GOP and pushed by President Donald Trump despite a lower-court ruling that the map likely discriminates on the basis of race. The Supreme Court has now granted his request for an emergency stay, allowing the map approved in August to remain in place for the 2026 midterm elections and avoiding further disruption to the state’s election process In the statement, Paxton said, “In the face of Democrats’ attempt to abuse the judicial system to steal the U.S. This map reflects the political climate of our state and is a massive win for Texas and every conservative who is tired of watching the left try to upend the political system with bogus lawsuits.” Texas House Democratic Leaders House Minority Leader Rep. Today's Supreme Court ruling is a legal defeat, but it doesn't change the fact that we won the political battle, and we're going to keep fighting and winning until fair representation is restored in every state." House Democratic Caucus Vice Chair Rep. A three-judge federal panel—including a judge appointed by Donald Trump—found that Texas ‘racially gerrymandered’ the 2025 congressional map and that this was ‘much more than just politics,’ backed by substantial evidence. The Trump Justice Department sent a letter that effectively imposed a racial target and gave the court a blueprint to unravel the state’s strategy, exposing how multi-racial districts were dismantled and converted into whiter, safer Republican seats. And Governor Abbott went on national television and told Jake Tapper that Texas was redrawing these districts ‘because of that court decision,’ explicitly tying this mid-decade redistricting to changes in voting-rights law instead of the needs of Texas voters. That work just got harder, but Texas House Democrats will not back down until every Texan’s vote is equal and every community has a fair chance to choose its own representation." House Redistricting Committee Vice Chair Rep. Barbara Gervin-Hawkins “While we are disappointed in the Court’s decision to reinstate the 2025 maps, the Texas Legislative Black Caucus will not relent in the fight to protect fair representation for all Texans.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/entertainment/events/rodeohouston/houston-rodeo-parade-2026-grand-marshal-scott-ruskan-rescue-swimmer-coast-guard/285-c3d95d34-dd8e-402c-8782-52b1fc3be674
Article: Coast Guard Petty Officer Scott Ruskan, whose widely shared story of bravery during the deadly Fourth of July flooding in Central Texas drew national attention, has been selected as the grand marshal of the 2026 Houston Livestock Show and Rodeo™ Downtown Parade. The Department of Homeland Security called him an “American hero,” but Ruskan, who has downplayed the label in interviews, told CNN, “I’m just a guy… anyone can do this if they raise their right hand.” A harrowing July Fourth mission On the morning of July 4, Ruskan and his crew launched from Coast Guard Air Station Corpus Christi after an urgent request from Task Force One, a Texas-based search-and-rescue team. “It made me a better rescuer.” From rescue swimmer to Rodeo Parade grand marshal The Houston Livestock Show and Rodeo said Ruskan’s courage, commitment and service made him an ideal choice to lead the 2026 Downtown Rodeo Parade, a tradition that draws tens of thousands to downtown Houston. “Petty Officer Ruskan represents courage, commitment and service at the highest level.” Ruskan said the invitation is a “huge honor.” “It’s one of the largest events Texas has to offer, and I couldn’t be more grateful and honored to be there along with the other Coast Guard crews that were there on July 4,” he said.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/nation-world/hydrojug-tumblers-recall-children/507-b77f5d0a-94ed-483a-927c-fba3e4ea06cc
Article: The children's tumblers were sold at several retailers, including Academy Sports, Scheels, Combined Sales Company, Gordons Ace Hardware, Bucks Ace, Kents Grocery, Basin Sports and online at Hydrojug.com, Amazon.com, Well.ca and iHerb.com.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/local/wylie-texas-middle-school-student-arrested-after-making-threats/287-ac2917c6-428f-4fa8-9abc-01454e927d05
Article: The 12-year-old student was restrained and taken into custody on complaints of terroristic threat causing fear of imminent serious bodily injury and taking or attempting to take a weapon from a peace officer, according to police.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/state/texas-news/federal-lawsuits-immigration-detention-texas/287-7664af5b-ff20-49c2-adb4-3665fa8bbaa3
Article: They are part of a national wave of habeas corpus petitions that attorneys have launched over the past few months to counter the Trump administration’s efforts to keep migrants locked up and push them toward deportation. And in some cases, attorneys have referenced the Laken Riley Act, the first bill President Donald Trump signed into law this year that requires the detention of undocumented migrants accused of committing even minor crimes, to help argue for their clients’ release. This shift in legal strategy is a response to the federal government’s intensified immigration enforcement in the country’s interior — which followed Trump’s promises of mass deportations during his presidential campaign — and its directive in July expanding mandatory detention. The Board of Immigration Appeals affirmed this change in September, ending bond hearings in immigration courts for potentially millions of people — including those who have lived in the country for decades. As a result, attorneys have turned to federal courts, where they have filed more than 675 immigration-related habeas petitions in Texas alone between January and November, according to a Texas Tribune analysis of federal court records. “I've been following quite closely the expanded habeas litigation, and it is absolutely a real phenomenon,” said Denise Gilman, director of the Immigration Clinic at the University of Texas at Austin. Nationally, more than 200 judges overseeing more than 700 cases have ruled in favor of migrants who filed habeas petitions, Politico reported last week, while only eight judges have denied the petitions. The first group includes at least 12 judges in Texas, according to a tracker by the American Immigration Council and Kate Melloy Goettel, director of the University of Iowa’s Federal Impact Litigation Clinic. She also said the Trump administration is “fulfilling the American people’s mandate to deport dangerous illegal aliens at historic rates,” and called the habeas petitions “nothing more than a desperate Hail Mary attempt to keep illegal aliens in our community, even though they have no legal right to be here.” Meanwhile, a federal judge in California ruled against the Trump administration late last month in a case involving four people who were denied bond hearings after being detained in Los Angeles, despite having lived in the country for a long time. Rahimi has lived in San Antonio for over two decades after fleeing political persecution in Iran and entering the country illegally from Canada in 2003, according to his habeas petition. He has also become an active member of his church, doted on his 12-year-old daughter and worked as a professional caretaker, most recently helping a retired woman with transportation, cleaning and shopping. But on June 22, ICE agents detained Rahimi at his home and eventually took him to the South Texas ICE Processing Center in Pearsall, where he remains more than five months later. “What we heard was they’re going after criminals … My husband has [no criminal history], so why would they come and get him?” A search of Bexar County and federal court cases found no criminal records for Rahimi, beyond a 2023 speeding ticket that was dismissed after he completed a driver safety course. On Monday, an immigration judge again ordered Rahimi’s removal, but his wife said the block on deportation to Iran is still intact and his lawyers have appealed the judge’s decision. But if ICE’s interpretation is correct, why would Congress need to pass new legislation in order to require detention for a smaller group of undocumented immigrants who have also been accused of committing crimes? “ICE’s whole theory cannot be right if we assume that Congress passed the Laken Riley Act for a reason,” said Dan Gividen, an immigration attorney who previously worked in ICE’s Dallas office as deputy chief counsel. “Because without [undocumented immigrants] having a right to bond, there was no need for the Laken Riley Act.” DHS’s McLaughlin didn’t respond to the Tribune’s specific question about this argument. Gividen has in recent months filed more than 25 habeas petitions for detained migrants — including many who are represented by immigration lawyers who aren’t as familiar with this type of maneuver in federal courts. While many of those petitions remain pending, court records show that judges — both Democratic and Republican appointees — have so far recommended or ordered that migrants be released or provided bond hearings in eight lawsuits.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/local/texas/family-disputes-police-finding-suicide-death-texas-am-student-brianna-aguilera/287-02cf0adf-d3ff-4497-a66e-66acde40baef
Article: “Between all of the witness statements, all of the video evidence and all of the digital evidence collected, at no time did any evidence point to this being anything of a criminal nature,” said Austin Police detective Robert Marshall. There was never one ounce of her that was ever sad in that manner.” Rodriguez believes there is more to the story and has hired attorney Tony Buzbee to seek answers.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/syndication/associatedpress/supreme-court-allows-texas-to-use-a-congressional-map-favorable-to-republicans-in-2026/616-9e46170a-f8a3-41a0-bce8-5b800764bb2a
Article: WASHINGTON(AP) — A divided Supreme Court on Thursday came to the rescue of Texas Republicans, allowing next year’s elections to be held under the state’s congressional redistricting plan favorable to the GOP and pushed by President Donald Trump despite a lower-court ruling that the map likely discriminates on the basis of race. With conservative justices in the majority, the court acted on an emergency request from Texas for quick action because qualifying in the new districts already has begun, with primary elections in March. The justices cast doubt on the lower-court finding that race played a role in the new map, saying in an unsigned statement that Texas lawmakers had “avowedly partisan goals.” In dissent, Justice Elena Kagan wrote for the three liberal justices that her colleagues should not have intervened at this point. And that result, as this Court has pronounced year in and year out, is a violation of the Constitution.” The high court's vote “is a green light for there to be even more re-redistricting, and a strong message to lower courts to butt out,” Richard Hasen, an election law expert at the University of California at Los Angeles law school, wrote on the Election Law Blog. Texas Attorney General Ken Paxton said the Supreme Court's order "defended Texas’s fundamental right to draw a map that ensures we are represented by Republicans.” He called the redistricting law “the Big Beautiful Map.” “Texas is paving the way as we take our country back, district by district, state by state,” Paxton said in a statement. “This map reflects the political climate of our state and is a massive win for Texas and every conservative who is tired of watching the left try to upend the political system with bogus lawsuits.” Texas Gov. Texas is officially — and legally — more red." Democratic National Committee chairman Ken Martin said in a statement that the court's decision “to allow Texas Republicans’ rigged, racially gerrymandered maps to go into effect is wrong — both morally and legally. Once again, the Supreme Court gave Trump exactly what he wanted: a rigged map to help Republicans avoid accountability in the midterms for turning their backs on the American people.” In the Texas case, U.S. Smith, an appointee of President Ronald Reagan, a Republican, also disagreed strenuously with the substance of the opinion, saying it would be a candidate for the “Nobel Prize for Fiction,” if there were such an award. Attorney General Pam Bondi hailed Thursday's Supreme Court stay, posting on X, “Federal courts have no right to interfere with a State’s decision to redraw legislative maps for partisan reasons.” The new map eliminated five of the state’s nine “coalition” districts, where no minority group has a majority but together they outnumber non-Hispanic white voters. But critics consider that the Hispanic or Black majority in each district is so slim that white voters, who tend to turn out in larger percentages, will control election results.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/crime/moody-center-timothy-leiweke-pardon-trump/269-4586d2ed-6fcb-4622-b933-f45c321130d7
Article: President Trump granted the "full and unconditional pardon" to former Oak View Group (OVG) CEO Timothy Leiweke, who was accused this summer of rigging a contract for the multi-purpose venue on the University of Texas at Austin campus. According to the indictment, Leiweke said in 2017 that he was interested in "talking to [the competitor] about not bidding [and receiving certain subcontracts]." Then in early 2018, Leiweke allegedly gave subcontracts to the competing CEO as an exchange so they wouldn't enter a separate bid for the arena's development. As of July 2025, the Justice Department said the OVG "continues to receive significant revenues from the project to date." Following the indictment, Leiweke faced a $1 million fine and up to 10 years behind bars if convicted. Prosecutors said Lewicki avoided fair competition in his actions, and he was charged with violating Section 1 of the Sherman Antitrust Act, which prohibits monopolies in an effort to ensure fair competition.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/nation-world/redfin-2026-predictions-great-housing-reset-hottest-markets/507-1743f485-0d4f-4cd6-81dd-6bfb6679516d
Article: WASHINGTON — The housing affordability crisis will force millions of Americans to make dramatic lifestyle choices in 2026, from moving back in with parents to postponing having children, according to new predictions from real estate brokerage Redfin. Its new report forecasting next year's housing trends describes what it calls "The Great Housing Reset" — a yearslong period of gradual market recovery that will begin next year but won't provide quick relief for young families struggling to afford homes. While some economic indicators are predicted to improve, with wages finally outpacing home prices for the first time since the Great Recession, the changes won't be enough to restore traditional paths to homeownership for Gen Z and millennial buyers, Redfin said. Home sales are forecast to increase 3% to an annualized rate of 4.2 million, with a stronger spring buying season expected as rates drop from the 6.8% seen in spring 2025. The predicted hottest real estate markets include New York City suburbs — Long Island, the Hudson Valley, northern New Jersey and Fairfield County, Connecticut — as more workers return to offices. A bipartisan congressional caucus has already proposed the Yes in My Backyard Act, opening doors for policies that increase housing supply, while the Build More Housing Near Transit Act moves through Congress.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/life/food/hurtado-barbecue-now-shipping-nationwide/287-1f9a6eb1-874f-47a8-b6fb-dedca9a2ed30
Article: Announced Thursday on its Facebook page, the local chain says it will be shipping its barbecue nationwide through GoldBelly, a service that ships food from restaurants to anywhere in the U.S. "So when I got older, those two things seemed to really mesh for me.” Along with the barbecue staples, Hurtado serves birria tacos, Mexican cornbread, brisket tostada, and Mexican street corn.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/crime/dpd-gang-unit-investigation-arrest-multiple-time-offender-luis-antonio-flores/287-a7039fa4-0519-4e1e-920b-090718abb851
Article: DALLAS — Dallas police are touting the work of its Gang Unit and Southeast Division Patrol, both of which played a role in taking down a known violent offender with a lengthy criminal record. 15 after being spotted by Southeast officers who were aware of three warrants tied to Flores, two of which were tied to an aggravated robbery Flores executed early on Nov. Upon the officers' approach, Flores got rid of a black backpack he was carrying and attempted to hide behind parked vehicles near the driveway of a nearby home, police said. “The successful apprehension of this impact offender was the result of an expeditious, thorough criminal investigation by the Gang Unit and the logistic planning and coordinated efforts of the Southeast Division CRT," said Major Andre Taylor. After the incident, members of the DPD's Gang Unit and the Gang Unit's FBI Task Force Officer interviewed the victims, who positively identified Flores from his tattoos and from a prior offense. Among the charges Flores now faces is unlawful possession of a firearm by a felon, manufacture and delivery of 7.9 grams of methamphetamine, manufacture and delivery of 3.7 grams of heroin and resisting arrest.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/nation-world/dual-citizenship-ban-proposal-sen-bernie-moreno-ohio/507-ecf35c23-98de-4dc4-8512-bb422e9843ce
Article: "One of the greatest honors of my life was when I became an American citizen at 18, the first opportunity I could do so...It was an honor to pledge an Oath of Allegiance to the United States of America and ONLY to the United States of America! Being an American citizen is an honor and a privilege — and if you want to be an American, it's all or nothing," Moreno said in a statement." It's time to end dual citizenship for good." The bill would give dual citizens one year to either renounce their U.S.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/nation-world/donyelle-denise-wilson-so-you-think-you-can-dance-finalist-died/507-8e6deb0b-9499-4bc5-b412-5ad1090998bc
Article: The National Breast Cancer Foundation defines the stage as "invasive and as spread out of the immediate area in the breast and into the lymph nodes or muscles close to the breast." Her cancer progressed to Stage 4 and she was admitted to the hospital various times through 2025, as documented on her social media page. A few weeks later, she posted a video where she said she wasn't able to eat and was getting her "affairs in order." Her death was announced just over a week later.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/local/dallas-county/klyde-warren-park-expansion-wins-endorsement/287-02479a16-7111-4fcd-9850-a52d2a177763
Article: According to city documents, the federal portion of the expansion phase grew about $27.8 million to $64.6 million while the local portion of the project increased to $57.7 million, an increase of about $37 million. Klyde Warren Park President and CEO Kit Sawers said her organization is working closely with its consultants, the City of Dallas, North Central Texas Council of Governments and TxDOT to "align the overall budget, and all funding sources for TxDOT’s portion of construction are in place." She anticipates finalizing the amended agreement with TxDOT and Dallas by the end of the year.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/nation-world/google-2025-top-trending-internet-searches/507-f554016e-5083-4d31-999d-162bdb5fdb42
Article: WASHINGTON — It's almost the end of 2025, so it's time to look back at all that's happened this year, and all the top trending topics people around the world asked Google about in 2025. Rounding out the top 3 for 2025 was Labubu, the toothy little monsters from Pop Mart that have exploded in popularity in recent years and even had a float in the Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade. If you're a parent of any school-aged children, this next one won't surprise you..."6-7" was the top trending “hand gesture”, along with top trending “what does…mean” and “why do kids say…” questions. The popular phrase is generally used by Gen Alpha and has puzzled parents, teachers and the rest of the internet in recent months, explaining why it was a top trending question.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/state/h-e-b-warns-customers-gift-card-scam/507-21d4607c-c88a-40c4-9928-1dea1e280952
Article: CORPUS CHRISTI, Texas — H-E-B is alerting customers to a new online scam circulating on Facebook that falsely promises a large gift card or shopping spree in exchange for clicking a link or sharing it through Facebook Messenger. "We are aware of an online scam that is promising customers a large gift card or shopping spree at H-E-B if they click a link or share it within Facebook messenger.," the company posted on it's official Facebook page. "H-E-B does not currently have any giveaways running on Facebook." Officials encouraged customers to verify that promotions come directly from the company’s official channels, including its verified social media accounts, HEB.com or the My H-E-B app.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/education/schools/fort-worth-isd-takeover-board-of-managers-applicants/287-4d45f382-ac92-4488-aa8b-74354c23b8fc
Article: FORT WORTH, Texas — Now that the deadline has passed to apply to serve on the board of managers for Fort Worth ISD, more details have emerged about the nearly 300 applicants. After opening applications for the board of managers following its announcement of its intent to appoint a board of managers and conservator to oversee Fort Worth ISD, the Texas Education Agency extended the deadline to apply from Nov. Of the 286 applicants, 99 are current Fort Worth ISD parents, 72 are former Fort Worth ISD parents, 89 attended Fort Worth ISD, and 84 are Fort Worth ISD graduates, the TEA says.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/crime/dallas-man-sentenced-17-years-prison-after-pleading-guilty-atm-thefts/287-08c56751-dea7-4fd7-a0d5-f5e952d73347
Article: PLANO, Texas — One of eight people arrested in a suspected ATM theft operation around North Texas two years ago has been sentenced to 17 years in federal prison after pleading guilty, officials say. Between May 16 and June 1 in 2023, officials say the eight defendants' conspiracy involved smashing glass storefronts with a sledgehammer, then using a stolen truck or SUV to pull the ATM out. Plano police said the arrests were made as "the result of a multijurisdictional operation whose goal was to bring these suspects to justice." While investigating the Plano burglary, detectives were able to identify several suspect vehicles and determine specific methods used in these "organized ATM burglaries." Plano police said detectives also discovered similar crimes committed at various locations throughout the metroplex, and multiple agencies were contacted to help with the investigation.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/politics/texas-comptroller-women-minority-owned-businesses/287-bbf68f52-486e-43a3-950d-62c09eacc527
Article: DALLAS — The Texas Comptroller’s Office on Tuesday announced it has restructured the state’s Historically Underutilized Business Program (HUB) and stripped away the designation for women and minority-owned businesses, now only giving that status to disabled veterans. We want a level playing field for all businesses.” Hancock told WFAA’s Inside Texas Politics that HUB was restructured under new emergency rules and will now become VetHUB, giving preferential treatment only to disabled veterans with a 20% or greater service-connected disability. Constitutions by removing race- and sex-based preferences and adjusting the program’s focus to service-disabled veterans who qualify for the state contracting assistance program under legislative guidelines established in 2015,” according to a statement from the Comptroller’s Office. State agencies are supposed to “make a good faith effort” to increase the number of contracts that they award to historically underutilized businesses that are at least 51% owned by women, minorities, or disabled veterans. “I see nowhere in statute where an interim comptroller has the authority to repeal a statute that the legislature put in effect.” West said he has been trying to meet with Hancock for weeks in hopes of giving him input from businesses that will be impacted. “The fact is that you look at the facts, you’ll see prior to the implementation of this program that most, mostly all the contracts were going to Anglos in the state of Texas.” The Senator says while he hopes the issue does not wind up in court, he is ready to take action.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/local/army-cid-updates-investigation-fort-hood-obgyn-recording-allegations/500-2d42147f-4898-46d9-9ca8-3452b55757d3
Article: The Cobos Law Firm currently represents "over 70 Plaintiffs/Survivors." Jamal Alsaffar, partner at National Trial Law in Austin, says his firm has already filed claims under the Federal Tort Claims Act and continues to sign new clients daily. McGraw as their physician in Hawaii at Tripler Army Medical Center, and we have signed them up and we are pursuing their claims as well." The Carlson Law Firm currently represents approximately 23 clients, with one from Tripler and the rest from Darnall Army Medical Center, according to Amanda Lequerique, the firm's legal support manager.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/nation-world/brian-cole-pipe-bomb-jan-6-suspect-arrested-fbi/507-4386f82a-9bac-41f6-9aea-1e52118b37ad
Article: Cole's Thursday arrest marks the first time investigators have settled on a suspect in an act that had long vexed law enforcement, spawned a multitude of conspiracy theories and remained an enduring mystery in the shadow of the dark chapter of American history that is the violent Capitol siege. In the years since, investigators have sought the public’s help in identifying a shadowy subject seen on surveillance camera even as they struggled to determine answers to basic questions, including the person’s gender and motive and whether the act had a clear connection to the riot at the Capitol a day later when supporters of President Donald Trump stormed the building in a bid to halt the certification of the Republican's 2020 election loss to Democrat Joe Biden.

Link: https://abc7.com/post/us-military-conducts-strike-another-suspected-drug-boat-probe-first-begins/18252301/
Article: His testimony provided fresh information at a crucial moment as Hegseth's leadership comes under scrutiny, but it did little to resolve growing questions about the legal basis for President Donald Trump's extraordinary campaign to use war powers against suspected drug smugglers. Tom Cotton of Arkansas said he saw the survivors "trying to flip a boat loaded with drugs bound for United States back over so they could stay in the fight." Connecticut Rep. Jim Himes, the top Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee, said, "What I saw in that room was one of the most troubling things I've seen in my time in public service." "You have two individuals in clear distress, without any means of locomotion, with a destroyed vessel," he said, adding they "were killed by the United States." Washington Rep. Adam Smith, the top Democrat on the House Armed Services Committee, said the survivors were "basically two shirtless people clinging to the bow of a capsized and inoperable boat, drifting in the water - until the missiles come and kill them."

Link: https://abc13.com/post/pothole-east-freeway-causes-traffic-mess-flattens-tires-least-10-cars-hpd-says/18252178/
Article: Pothole on the East Freeway causes traffic mess and flattens tires of at least 10 cars, HPD says Watch Eyewitness News and ABC13 originals around the clock Watch Eyewitness News and ABC13 originals around the clock Watch Eyewitness News and ABC13 originals around the clock Watch Eyewitness News and ABC13 originals around the clock HOUSTON, Texas (KTRK) -- A pothole on the East Freeway in Houston caused traffic problems Thursday night and damaged the tires of at least 10 cars, according to HPD.

Link: https://abc13.com/post/suspect-shot-firing-officers-during-traffic-stop-antoine-drive-northwest-houston-hpd-says/18249940/
Article: Suspect shot after firing at officers during traffic stop in northwest Houston, HPD says Houston police say a suspect was shot after firing at officers during a traffic stop in the city's northwest side on Thursday morning. HOUSTON, Texas (KTRK) -- A routine traffic stop in northwest Houston escalated into a violent confrontation Thursday morning, ending in a crash, foot chase, and shootout that was captured on multiple surveillance videos. "He jumped out and starts running down the sidewalk on the side with the gun about to shoot at the police." The suspect ran about half a block before taking cover in the employee parking lot of the Coleman Hanna manufacturing plant. "The suspect was transported; he's alive in critical condition." The video does not show the moment the suspect was struck, but officers say he collapsed in a corner of the parking lot. "You end up in an officer-involved shooting." As of Thursday afternoon, Houston Police and the Harris County District Attorney's Office had not yet released the names of the suspect or the woman who was arrested.

Link: https://abc13.com/post/houston-weather-forecast-today-near-me-texas-rain-storm-predictions/39346/
Article: Next round of cold, rainy weather arrives Friday morning HOUSTON, Texas (KTRK) -- We've got one more cold, cloudy, and wet day to get through before sunshine and mild temperatures start to dominate the forecast again. Because the front clears out the sky and keeps the sunshine around, highs will be in the 60s and 70s, but it will cold in the 30s and 40s at night. Long range signals indicate we probably have to wait until the second half of December for a chance of freezing weather in Houston, especially with the warm up on the way next week.

Link: https://abc7.com/post/supreme-court-allows-texas-use-congressional-map-favorable-republicans-2026/18251573/
Article: Supreme Court allows Texas to use a congressional map favorable to Republicans in 2026 The Supreme Court will allow next year's elections to be held under Texas' congressional redistricting plan favorable to Republicans. The Supreme Court on Thursday came to the rescue of Texas Republicans, allowing next year's elections to be held under the state's congressional redistricting plan favorable to the GOP and pushed by President Donald Trump despite a lower-court ruling that the map likely discriminates on the basis of race.

Link: https://abc13.com/post/data-shows-hisd-homeless-student-enrollment-numbers-drop-statewide-grow/18251508/
Article: "We know this is one of our most vulnerable populations, and in order for us to be able to support these families, we need to be able to identify and deploy the right services to these families," Melanie Martinez Gomez, director of HISD Sunrise Centers said. "It's wonderful work, I love the work that we do," Martinez Gomez said The Sunrise Centers are a one- stop shop to help homeless students find housing, food and clothing, the district said. The district does offer these early education services to families who meet certain income thresholds and receive benefits Martinez Gomez said it's a year-round effort to identify unhoused students, keep track of where they are, and keep them at school. On top of that, we do phone banking for the beginning of the school year so any of those students who dropped out or are coded L98's which means we don't know where they are, we call, and we try to make contact to bring those students back," Martinez Gomez said. Federal data from the Department of Housing and Urban Development says between 2023 and 2024, children under 18 were the age group with the largest increase in how many of individuals experiencing homelessness nationwide. SEE MORE COVERAGE FROM ABC13 ON HISD: Drop in students enrolled in early childhood education programs, HISD data shows See what HISD campuses have seen the biggest changes in student population this school year HISD not answering questions about reversing the decision to close schools in 2026-27 school year

Link: https://abc13.com/post/aldine-isd-teacher-derrick-banks-arrested-child-sex-assault-charges-2-years-warrant-was-issued-court-records-show/18251584/
Article: Aldine ISD teacher arrested for child sex assault 2 years after warrant was issued: court records Derrick Banks, 39, an agriculture teacher at Eisenhower H.S., had two warrants for first-degree felony aggravated sexual assault of a child under 14. Documents also show the boy snuck out to meet up with Banks, but instead of the agreed upon hotel, says he took him to Sugar Land in the middle of nowhere country and blindfolded him before taking him into his home. "Did investigators leave and hand off these cases to other people, was there miscommunication, I don't know, but obviously things happen, and I'm sure it was done in good faith, nothing ill-intended but still it happened and someone could have suffered and got hurt in the process and we're just grateful and hopeful that did not happen," said Fremin.

Link: https://abc13.com/post/fort-bend-county-approves-spending-15m-memorialize-sugar-land-95-decade-remains-were-discovered/18251308/
Article: RICHMOND, Texas (KTRK) -- Nearly a decade after the discovery of human remains, Fort Bend County signed off spending money on plans to memorialize the 95 individuals found in unmarked graves at a Fort Bend ISD construction site. Experts said the remains found, now known as the Sugar Land 95, were Black men who were imprisoned for petty crimes carrying heavy penalties in the late 1800s and early 1900s. "It not only furthers and benefits the students of Fort Bend ISD and the residents of Fort Bend County and the education throughout the entire country," Fort Bend ISD trustee, Kristin Tassin said. "I think that's a lesson, and something we need to understand about our history and make sure there is something we definitely don't want to repeat at all." Now that they have the money, school leaders at today's meeting didn't say when the memorial site would be completed.

Link: https://abc7.com/post/australia-enforce-social-media-age-limit-16-week-fines-33-million/18251734/
Article: "We have consistently said this rushed legislation misunderstands our platform, the way young Australians use it and, most importantly, it does not fulfill its promise to make kids safer online," a Google statement said.

Link: https://abc13.com/post/national-weather-service-says-new-rain-gauge-system-coming-bush-airport-construction-impacted-data/18251660/
Article: NWS says new rain gauge system coming after Bush Airport construction impacted data The National Weather Service is reporting that crews have damaged a rain gauge system, which will affect important record-keeping. NWS says they stopped receiving data from the Automated Surface Observing System around November 24th That system is owned and operated by the National Weather Service, Federal Aviation Administration, and the Department of Defense. Related: National Weather Service says there's no timeline to fix for damaged rain gauge system at Bush Airport NWS tells ABC13 they've ordered a new rain sensor and expect it to be installed early next week.

Link: https://abc13.com/post/us-institute-peace-building-renamed-trump/18251685/
Article: US Institute of Peace building renamed for Trump The Navy admiral who reportedly issued orders for the military to fire on survivors of an attack on an alleged drug boat is expected on Capitol Hill. AP Photo/Jose Luis Magana The president often claims that he's "ended eight wars." On Thursday, Trump will host a trilateral meeting with the presidents of the Democratic Republic of Congo and Rwanda at the White House, before using the newly renamed building as a backdrop for the signing ceremony of a peace and economic agreement with the two leaders.

Link: https://abc7.com/post/kumail-nanjiani-reveals-night-thoughts-new-hulu-comedy-special/18251032/
Article: Nanjiani returns to Chicago for this comedy special after nearly a decade away Kumail Nanjiani reveals his 'Night Thoughts' in his new Hulu comedy special Kumail Nanjiani gets back to his standup comedy roots with "Night Thoughts," a Hularious original, streaming December 19 on Hulu and Hulu on Disney+. When you're laying in bed in the middle of the night and you can't sleep and your brain's like 'here's something new for you to worry about!'" That's a line from Kumail Nanjiani's new comedy special for Hulu called "Night Thoughts." "Night thoughts are like day thoughts except they hate you," he says in the trailer, seen in the video player above. Filmed in Chicago, where Nanjiani got his start in standup, "Night Thoughts" tackles anxiety ("I've never been in a fight because I'm super good at apologizing."), the perils of buying drugs before they were legalized and...

Link: https://abc13.com/post/former-deputy-aaron-grant-sentenced-35-years-prison-fatal-shooting-motorcyclist-2023-officials-said/18251267/
Article: 4 constable deputy sentenced to 35 years in prison after murder of motorcyclist in 2023 HARRIS COUNTY, Texas (KTRK) -- A former Precinct 4 constable deputy who was charged with murder in the 2023 death of a motorcyclist has been sentenced to 35 years in prison, according to court records.

Link: https://abc13.com/post/helped-get-feet-vietnam-veteran-finds-help-hope-wham/18251213/
Article: About ABC13 Share Your Holidays What started as an idea to put a food drive on TV for an hour has morphed into a Houston-area wide event going strong 45 years later as the ABC13 Share Your Holidays Food Drive.

Link: https://abc7.com/post/camp-rock-3-teaser-drops-jonas-brothers-return-connect-disneys-long-awaited-sequel-new-cast/18251257/
Article: FIRST TEASER RELEASED: 'Camp Rock 3' features return of the Jonas Brothers as Connect 3 superstars "Camp Rock 3" unveils its first teaser with the Jonas Brothers back, Demi Lovato producing and confirmation of a summer 2026 premiere. The movie also introduces a fresh set of campers: Liamani Segura, Malachi Barton, Luki Pollack, Huson Stone and Casey Trotter, along with several other new faces ready to shake up camp. The official synopsis states: "The story picks up when Connect 3 loses their opening act for a major reunion tour, returning to their beloved Camp Rock to discover the next big thing. Camp Rock's all-new campers include bold and determined Sage (Segura) and her easygoing brother Desi (Stone), camp bad boy Fletch (Barton), cello prodigy Rosie (Pollack), drummer with his own beat Cliff (Trotter), choreo queen Callie (Pitts) and intimidating influencer Madison (Jean)." The Jonas Brothers are also signing on as executive producers.

Link: https://abc7.com/post/brian-walshe-murder-case-testimony-trial-details-affair-wife-ana-was-having-before-she-vanished/18250848/
Article: Prosecutors in trial of man accused in wife's death rely on alleged incriminating Google searches Testimony in Brian Walshe's murder trial has detailed the affair his wife, Ana, was having before she vanished and included alleged Google searches. -- The focus in the murder trial of Brian Walshe turned Thursday to an affair his wife was having before he allegedly killed and dismembered her on New Year's Day 2023. Her husband, Brian Walshe faces a first-degree murder charge, after agreeing to plead guilty last month to lesser charges of misleading police and willfully disposing of a human body in violation of state law. He said the relationship quickly intensified as they became close friends and confidants and eventually had an "intimate relationship." They went out to dinner and to bars together, he said, and she would spend time on his sailboat and stay overnight at his home. "She had expressed great concern and I think she felt it would be a strike against her integrity if he found out a different way." Fastow said the pair spent Christmas Eve together with friends and had planned to celebrate New Year's together on Jan. "But I'd always said to Ana that she needed to figure out how she wanted things with Brian and what she wanted that to look for her life before we could make any commitments or decisions." New Year's Eve text Fastow said his last contact with Ana Walshe was a text message from her on New Year's Eve. The following day he sent her a photo of Fastow showing his son how to ski, a waving hand emoji, question mark query and a few more text messages the following days that got no response. 4, he got a call from Brian Walshe, but let it go to voicemail because he was in an "intimate relationship with his wife." "I had not heard from her in several days and, frankly, I was concerned maybe he had found out and was calling to confront me," he testified. In a somewhat upbeat tone, Walshe said he "hoped all was going well" with Fastow before saying he was "reaching out to anybody he could" because "Ana hadn't been in touch for a few days" and that he was wondering if Fastow "had spoken to her recently." Walshe then apologized for the call and said he was sure "everything was fine." At the time, Brian Walshe was at home awaiting sentencing in an unrelated art fraud case involving the sale of two fake Andy Warhol paintings. On cross examination, Walshe's defense attorney Kelli Porges was able to get Fastow to acknowledge he was not aware of any plans for Ana Walshe to tell her husband about their relationship. "There was no plan, as Ana went home for Christmas to be with her family, that she was going to come clean and tell Brian about you," Porges said, prompting Fastow to say that he wasn't aware of "any plan." Internet searches, dumpster discoveries Prosecutors so far have relied on incriminating searches allegedly made by Walshe on several devices that related to dismembering bodies and cleaning up blood. Investigators also said surveillance video showed a man resembling Walshe throwing what appeared to be heavy trash bags into a dumpster near their home, and that a search of a trash processing facility near his mother's home uncovered bags containing a hatchet, hammer, sheers, hacksaw, towels and a protective Tyvek suit, cleaning agents, a Prada purse, boots like the ones Ana Walshe was last seen wearing and a COVID-19 vaccination card with her name. In his opening statement Monday, Assistant District Attorney Gregory Connor told the jury that the Massachusetts State Crime Laboratory examined some of the items for DNA against samples they had from the couple.

Link: https://abc13.com/post/formula-food-bank-is-lifeline-families-facing-insecurity/18239927/
Article: She says, between balancing school, childcare, and looking for work, she prays for strength every day, "I'm taking four classes at one time currently, so dealing with school, dealing with a baby, it does get tough, but it's, it's manageable." Kristina is one of the many who use the services at LIFE Houston. I was tempted even to give him regular milk, but then I was like, I can't, 'cause like again, he's a very sensitive baby on special milk." Shawntell McWilliams is the CEO of LIFE Houston.

Link: https://abc7.com/videoClip/cougar-cupboard-houston-food-bank-students-family/18250537/
Article: Father of two relies on Cougar Cupboard to stay afloat While balancing classes and childcare, a student at the University of Houston turns to the campus pantry to feed his family. About ABC13 Share Your Holidays What started as an idea to put a food drive on TV for an hour has morphed into a Houston-area wide event going strong 45 years later as the ABC13 Share Your Holidays Food Drive.

Link: https://abc7.com/post/lawmakers-hear-adm-frank-mitch-bradley-navy-admiral-reportedly-ordered-attack-killed-boat-strike-survivors/18249402/
Article: WASHINGTON -- A Navy admiral told lawmakers Thursday that there was no "kill them all" order from Defense Secretary Pete Hegseth as Congress scrutinizes an attack that killed two survivors of an initial strike on an alleged drug boat in international waters near Venezuela. Cotton defended the attack, but a Democrat who also was briefed said that while there was no "kill them all" order from Hegseth, he was still deeply concerned by video of the second strike. "You have two individuals in clear distress without any means of locomotion, with a destroyed vessel were killed by the United States." Bradley was joined at the Capitol by Gen. Dan Caine, chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, for sessions that came at a potentially crucial moment in the unfolding congressional investigation into how Hegseth handled the military operation in international waters near Venezuela. 2 ordered an attack on two survivors to comply with Hegseth's directive to "kill everybody." Legal experts say the attack amounts to a crime if the survivors were targeted, and lawmakers on both sides of the aisle are demanding accountability. "We'll find out the ground truth." Pressure builds on Hegseth President Donald Trump has stood behind Hegseth as he defends his handling of the attack, but pressure is mounting on the defense secretary. Hegseth has said the aftermath of an initial strike on the boat was clouded in the "fog of war." He has also said he "didn't stick around" for the second strike, but that Bradley "made the right call" and "had complete authority" to do it. Also on Thursday, the Defense Department's inspector general released a partially redacted report into Hegseth's use of the Signal messaging app in March to share sensitive information about a military strike against Yemen's Houthi militants. At the time of the attack, Bradley was the commander of Joint Special Operations Command, overseeing coordinated operations between the military's elite special operations units out of Fort Bragg in North Carolina. Thom Tillis, R-N.C., described Bradley as among those who are "rock solid" and "the most extraordinary people that have ever served in the military." But lawmakers like Tillis have also made it clear they expect a reckoning if it is found that survivors were targeted. Jack Reed, the top Democrat on the Armed Services Committee, said he and Wicker have formally requested the executive orders authorizing the operations and the complete videos from the strikes. What remains unclear - and what lawmakers hope to clarify in their briefing with Bradley - was who ordered the strikes and whether Hegseth was involved, one of the people said. Republican lawmakers who are close to Trump have sought to defend Hegseth, standing behind the military campaign against drug cartels that the president deems "narco-terrorists." "I see nothing wrong with what took place," said Sen.

Link: https://abc13.com/post/firefighters-had-issues-finding-working-hydrants-battling-fire-sw-houston-apartments-50-residents-impacted-hfd-says/18249734/
Article: Firefighters had issues finding working hydrants while battling fire at SW Houston apartments: HFD Watch Eyewitness News and ABC13 originals around the clock Watch Eyewitness News and ABC13 originals around the clock Watch Eyewitness News and ABC13 originals around the clock Watch Eyewitness News and ABC13 originals around the clock HOUSTON, Texas (KTRK) -- Firefighters said they had issues finding working hydrants while battling a two-alarm fire at a southwest Houston apartment complex overnight.

Link: https://www.cnn.com/cnn-underscored/reviews/best-bidets?iid=CNNUnderscoredHPcontainer
Article: The best bidets we tested Best bidet attachment: Tushy Classic 3.0 Best bidet seat: Toto Washlet C2 Best value bidet seat: Tushy Cloud Finding the best bidet for your home can make a world of difference. Best bidet attachment: Tushy Classic 3.0 Bidet Attachment Kai Burkhardt/CNN Underscored If you’re looking for a low-cost bidet that’s simple to set up, effective and not overly complicated, the Tushy Classic 3.0 is the bidet for you. Out of the attachments, the Tushy Classic 3.0 had the most comfortable stream by far, and its adjustable nozzle made it much easier than others to get a thorough clean. If you’re still not sure if the Tushy will fit your specific toilet, you can find more about Tushy’s compatibility here and even browse through its searchable list of toilets here. Kai Burkhardt/CNN Underscored While I love the Tushy attachment, there’s one big caveat: I found that the method used to supply warm water to the Tushy Spa — and all the other hot-water bidet attachments I tested — wasn’t effective. Best bidet seat: Toto Washlet C2 Bidet Seat Kai Burkhardt/CNN Underscored While bidet attachments are a cheap way to see if you like bidets, I think most people will be happier with a more feature-filled seat with useful functions like warm water, a heated seat and a dryer. The oscillation function on the Toto was a great way to get a fuller, more thorough clean, and it also features a front wash and pulsating feature, although I didn’t find the pulsing function to add much to the experience. Beyond being effective, the Toto’s stream was by far the most comfortable I tested, with a thick but gentle spray that adjusts to specific levels so you can find just the right pressure. Kai Burkhardt/CNN Underscored On top of an extremely comfortable and effective wash, the Toto also has some extra features that aren’t must-haves but make your bathroom experience all the more luxurious. If you want a remote for extra convenience, or you’re worried a bidet with an arm won’t fit in your bathroom, the Toto Washlet C5 is the same as the C2 but features a remote and added user profiles for $50 to $100 more. Even though remotes sound nice, I actually like bidets with sidearms better because you don’t have to worry about where the remote is or replacing batteries, and sidearms often have buttons that are labeled, unlike remotes. Kai Burkhardt/CNN Underscored The Toto Washlet C2 was also quite easy to put on my toilet, and while you have to replace your seat entirely, I was surprised to find that installing electric bidet seats isn’t much more complicated than installing bidet attachments like the Tushy. Other bidets, like our value pick the Tushy Cloud, have technology that provides endless warm water, which can be critical if you like longer washes or if multiple people are using the bidet back-to-back. I didn’t have this problem with the elongated version, but if you’re a larger person with a round toilet, you might want to consider the Alpha JX2 or Tushy Cloud. Best value bidet seat: Tushy Cloud Bidet Seat Kai Burkhardt/CNN Underscored Tushy released a slew of new bidets in late 2024 and early 2025, but one stood out above the rest: the Tushy Cloud. This bidet strikes the perfect balance of features and performance, giving you the three most impactful features — a heated seat, a heated dryer and endless warm water — for $359. Bidets that cost $500 or more often tout fancy extras like night lights, lids that open automatically and user presets, but the one feature that makes the price jump the most is coil-heated water. Plus, since the Cloud doesn’t have a tank, it doesn’t look as bulky on your toilet and has more available space to sit than bidets that have to store water. The Cloud’s side panel has lights for settings like temperature and pressure, which the remote of the Cloud+ doesn’t have, so I think the arm is easier and more intuitive to use. However, the round version of that bidet can feel a little small, so if you’re a larger person with a round toilet, our old value pick, the Alpha JX2, is probably the best bidet for you. How we tested I’ve conducted multiple rounds of testing and have formally tested 35 bidets over a period of nearly four years to find the best ones on the market. Performance General experience: I noted my overall impressions while using each bidet and what traits stood out the most, whether it was the comfort of the stream, simplicity of controls, ease of setup, etc. Aim/directional spray: I noted how good the aim of each bidet’s spray was and the overall range if it was adjustable and counted how many positions each bidet’s spray had. Number of key features: I counted the number of key features, which were whether the bidet had warm water, whether it had a dryer and whether it had a remote. Think of the Tushy Classic 3.0: You’re not replacing your seat, just putting a thin attachment underneath it (Tushy released two attachments, the Wave and Oasis, which actually replace your seat like an electric bidet. Plus, as I mentioned before, bidet seat attachments don’t have internal electric heaters, rely on hot water from your sink and, in all the options I tested, didn’t get noticeably warm during the time I spent washing. Kai Burkhardt/CNN Underscored Electric bidet seats with a good dryer are a great purchase because they not only give you a better experience on the toilet, but if you use the dryer after your wash, you also end up using less toilet paper, which is great for the planet and your wallet. I expected to use less toilet paper with all the bidets I tested, but quickly found that bidet attachments leave you needing to pat dry, which often takes just as much toilet paper as you’d normally use. Most bidets with endless hot water will cost you somewhere around $500, though one of our top picks, the Tushy Cloud, and one of our previous picks, the Alpha JX2, come in a couple of hundred dollars cheaper, making them a great buy. So if you have a one-piece toilet, you’ll want to make sure you don’t have one with a French curve (where the frame of the toilet between the bowl and the tank curves up), and you should always measure the space between the bowl and the tank to ensure it matches your desired bidet’s requirements. With all that said, if you want to try out a bidet and don’t want to spend $100 or more on the Tushy Classic 3.0, this is definitely the bidet to get. While it’s a nice upgrade from the Classic, this bidet is missing the ability to adjust the stream’s position — a basic feature I was shocked wasn’t included — and it’s quite pricey. Other bidet seats we tested Alpha Bidet Alpha JX2 Bidet Seat Alpha Bidet This Alpha bidet seat was our previous best value bidet but was dethroned by the Tushy Cloud. Toto Washlet C5 Bidet Seat Toto If you want the remote and user presets of the K300 but don't need the endless warm water, the Toto C5 is the bidet for you. $492 at Amazon This bidet is a slight upgrade from my runner-up bidet seat, the Toto Washlet C2, adding a remote control and the ability to set two user presets. The flashiest feature of the Aura is its auto-open lid, which could be helpful in a larger bathroom, but whenever I’d walk into mine, the sensor would detect movement and it would open. Toto Washlet S5 Bidet Toilet Seat Toto This seat is an even more upgraded version of the Toto bidets I love, but the price is just too high for anyone but the most bidet-obsessed. Nova Bidet Eco Nova Bidet Seat Nova Bidet This bidet only comes in elongated versions and wasn't as comfortable to use as other bidets we tested, especially when it came to its dryer. Toto Washlet A2 Elongated Bidet Seat Toto If all you want is a comfortable stream, this Toto bidet is a decent option, but I think the warm air dryer of the C2 is worth the extra money. $243 at Amazon The most budget-friendly of Toto’s Washlet Bidet Series, the A2 includes many of the great features as the C2 — warm water, dual action spray with oscillator, adjustable water temp and volume settings, heated seat with temperature control and that convenient arm control panel we love. It’s high on comfort and ease of use, but for less than $100 more, the C2 provides warm air drying with three temperature settings, an automatic deodorizer, technology that auto-cleans the wand and it also comes in round-front bowl styles. Prime Day Deal Bio Bidet BB500 Electric Bidet Seat Bio Bidet If you don't want to commit to spending as much for a bidet seat, this is another solid option, but it isn't as feature-filled as the C2. It was easy to install once we traded out the toilet supply line hose for a longer, more flexible $10 piece from the hardware store, and we like that it comes loaded with features, including warm water, an adjustable heated seat, a seat sensor to keep any accidental sprays from happening, a warm air dryer, adjustable water pressure and even a night light. But the controls are located on the sides of the seat, which makes them much less intuitive to use than the Toto Washlet C2 ,and the Toto’s stream and dryer also prove to be more comfortable. Its spray wasn’t quite as good as Toto’s, and its dryer didn’t cover the wide area that Toto’s did, but it was comfortable, and in general, I enjoyed using this bidet. It does come with a massage function and a deodorizer, but I think the oscillation of the Toto C2 and Alpha JX2 do the job better, and if you want a deodorizer, go with a Toto. It didn’t perform quite as well as the Toto K300, but it has a very comfortable spray and dryer, and its massage function was my favorite stream pattern out of all the bidets I tested. The Bidetmega 400 has more features than the 150 and 200; however, its spray wasn’t as comfortable or effective as other top contenders, even though it automatically goes through a four-stage washing cycle unique to Coway bidets. Editor’s Note: We previously tested the Alpha Bidet iX Hybrid Bidet Toilet Seat, the Alpha Bidet JX and the Coway Bidetmega 200 Electric Bidet Seat, but they have since been discontinued and removed from this article.

Link: https://www.cnn.com/cnn-underscored/home/editors-favorite-sustainable-products?iid=CNNUnderscoredHPcontainer
Article: We’ll be featuring tips on how to live more sustainably, products to help you spend more time in nature and exclusive deals all week, so check in every morning to see what’s new and be sure to subscribe to the CNN Underscored newsletter to see it all. For this comprehensive guide, I’ve rounded up all the planet-friendly standouts CNN Underscored staffers have tried and loved over the years, including reusable water bottles, recyclable skin care finds and plenty of swaps for single-use plastics. — Gabriella Triolo, social coordinator $58 at Botnia Ethique Solid Shampoo Amazon In the beauty industry, there’s a perceived crossroads where sustainable products and effective products diverge, but Ethique is a brand that’s been showing how the two lanes can merge seamlessly. — Sophie Shaw, fashion and beauty editor $17 at Amazon $17 at Ulta $17 at Ethique Hey Humans Natural Deodorant in Rosewater Ginger, 4-Pack Amazon I recently switched to Hey Humans Natural Deodorant in Rosewater Ginger, and it offers the same odor protection as any other deodorant on the market but is better for your body and the planet. — Lindsey Smith, newsletter editor $37 at Amazon Saltyface Complete Tanning Set Saltyface I love to self-tan, but I hate that almost every “viral” brand I’ve tried comes in a single-use plastic bottle. — Stephanie Griffin, director of social $159 $147 at Saltyface Everist Hair and Skin Hydration Essentials Everist Everist wants to do away with the single-use plastic that bath and body products usually come in, so instead, the company makes concentrated shampoo, conditioner and body wash formulas that cut back on waste in more ways than one. — Sophie Shaw, fashion and beauty editor $116 $92 at Everist Before Classic Anti-Cavity Toothpaste Amazon I’ve been on a mission to swap out my normal drugstore toothpaste for an all-natural version that still fights cavities but is gentle on my teeth — and the environment. — Lindsey Smith, newsletter editor Shop at Amazon $12 at Before Lush Outback Mate Soap Lush When I think of Lush, I automatically think of colorful bath bombs and cruelty-free products. I love the citrus oils infused in this bar, and I feel even better using it knowing it’s made with natural and 95% vegan product, with thoughtfully sourced raw materials. — Carolina Gazal, associate testing writer $9 at Lush Terra Ties Amazon I was excited to learn about an eco-friendly alternative to the standard hair elastic, especially since they have a habit of disappearing and you never really know where they end up. — Sophie Shaw, fashion and beauty editor $15 at Amazon Palmless Nourishing Oil Palmless You could ask just about everyone in my life and they’ll agree that I’ve given them a spiel about how terrible palm oil is for the environment. — Lindsey Smith, newsletter editor $59 at Palmless HiBAR Shampoo and Conditioner Set Amazon Avoiding plastic is tough, especially with all the soaps, cleansers and skin and hair care in my daily routine. — Jillian Tracy, associate editor $21 From $17 at Amazon $27 at Walmart Ella + Mila Nail Polish Amazon While there are a few eco-friendly nail polish brands out there, Ella + Mila is the first one I found that kept the integrity of a great coat of polish but removed all of the gross junk from its formula. — Kai Burkhardt, outdoors, sustainable living and pets editor $75 From $69 at Amazon $85 at Target $90 at Kammok Takeya 64-Ounce Motivational Tritan Bottle Amazon Not only can this GIANT water bottle, which holds 64 ounces, get me through an entire day without getting up to refill (or ever buy another bottle of spring water), but Takeya’s products have helped eliminate over 12 billion single-use plastic bottles. — Tobey Grumet Segal, health, fitness and food editor $20 at Amazon $20 at Target $20 at Takeya Nomadix Bandana Towel Nomadix I’ve been enjoying Nomadix’s lightweight, ultra-absorbent and quick-drying towels for a while, but the one I’ve fallen the most in love with is the Bandana Towel. — Kai Burkhardt, outdoors, sustainable living and pets editor $25 at REI $25 at Backcountry $25 at Nomadix Stojo Collapsible Water Bottle Amazon When I swore off single-use plastic in 2020, this water bottle from Stojo became my go-to! — Stephanie Griffin, director of social $25 $13 at Stojo $20 at Amazon Sustainable fashion CNN Exclusive Deal Outerknown Blanket Shirt Get 20% off sitewide with code CNNEARTH Outerknown After researching and reporting on sustainable fashion brands, two of the experts I talked to recommended Outerknown. — Kai Burkhardt, outdoors, sustainable living and pets editor $168 $134 at Outerknown Koraru Chikyi Belted One-Piece Swimsuit Koraru This is hands down the most beautiful, high-quality piece of swimwear I own. — Stephanie Griffin, director of social $160 $80 at Koraru Pact Dresses Pact Pact, dubbed “Earth’s Favorite” clothing, is my newfound favorite apparel company after a very well-placed targeted Instagram ad piqued my interest. Not only will a WoolAid biodegrade in four months, but while it’s on, the skin and wound underneath can breathe and thus stay dry rather than getting that unpleasant soggy feeling. — Rena Behar, copy editor $9 at Grove $20 at Amazon Baggu Standard Baggu Baggu Saying goodbye to single-use plastics at the grocery store is an easy way to become more environmentally sound. I love my Baggu bag for trips to the grocery store — or Target or CVS or Sephora — because it can fit pretty much everything I buy in one bag and be carried like a tote over my shoulder. — Emily McNutt, former senior travel editor $14 at Baggu $14 at Urban Outfitters Floofah for the Kitchen Floofah I have always hated plastic loofahs, but I have never found a great alternative. Usually you’d have to choose between eco-friendly, zero-waste or affordable, but I love that I can get all of that and a great multiuse sponge (it’s great in the kitchen too!) for less than $10. — Lindsey Smith, newsletter editor $10 at Floofah Origen Vodka Origen It makes absolute sense that this naturally pink-hued specialty vodka from Origen Holistic Spirits was founded by none other than sustainability warrior Woody Harrelson. — Stephanie Griffin, director of social $325 $245 at Caraway Bee's Wrap Reusable Beeswax Food Wraps Amazon These Bee’s Wrap wraps took a bit of getting used to, but once I learned how to properly use them (warm them up and mold them a bit first with the heat from your hands), they quickly became one of my kitchen staples. — Hayley Saltzman, former head of social $20 From $18 at Amazon Geiserailie Swedish Dishcloths, 6-Pack Amazon If you’re a regular Underscored reader, you know how much we love our Swedish dishcloths, and these ones, gifted to me by my mom, have made my kitchen both cuter and more eco-friendly. — Rachel Lubitz, former senior lifestyle editor $13 at Amazon Package Free Airtight Stainless Steel Container Package Free I’ve had this super-sturdy, airtight and leakproof container for years and absolutely love it. — Kai Burkhardt, outdoors, sustainable living and pets editor $18 at Walmart $20 at Package Free Tony's Chocolonely Milk Chocolate, 3-Pack Amazon I discovered this chocolate within the past year, and it is SO GOOD. The funky shape of the chocolate bar when you break it up into pieces!), but the flavor combos and the high-quality chocolate are what keep me recommending it to everyone I know. — Hayley Saltzman, former head of social $23 $18 at Amazon Explorer The Classic Cold Brew Concentrate Amazon I was never much of a coffee drinker and thought the whole process was quite wasteful. — Lindsey Smith, newsletter editor $42 at Amazon $40 at HSN $45 at Explorer Longzon Silicone Stretch Lids, 14-Pack Amazon Say goodbye to single-use [plastic] wrap or aluminum foil when you’re storing leftovers. I’ve gone through a couple bottles (they last for months, by the way) and love that I can easily rinse out the aluminum bottle and chuck it in the recycling bin when I’m done, and then swap the pump to a new bottle. — Sophie Shaw, fashion and beauty editor From $56 at Flamingo Estate $56 at Bergdorf Goodman Nette Sunday Chess Candle Sephora I probably have around 20 candles in my apartment, but this is my absolute favorite one. Nette donates 1% of its annual revenue to environmental causes, it plants a tree for every single purchase made on its site and it offsets the carbon footprint associated with the production and shipping of each product. — Hayley Saltzman, former head of social $82 at Sephora $82 at Revolve $82 at Nette Kokulu Daily Eight Tote Bag Kokulu Made from eight recycled plastic water bottles, these tote bags from Kokolu are as sustainable as they are cute. I have the limited-edition Lavender and earthy green colors, and they’re both super lightweight and feature an open top, so there’s limitless space to fit everything I need, including my giant emotional support water bottle! — Stephanie Griffin, director of social $79 at Kokolu Why trust CNN Underscored CNN Underscored has a skilled team of writers and editors who have many years of experience testing, researching and recommending products, and they ensure each article is carefully edited and products are properly vetted.

Link: https://www.cnn.com/cnn-underscored/gifts/best-mothers-day-gifts-2023?iid=CNNUnderscoredHPcontainer
Article: Editor Favorite Esarora Ice Roller Esarora Ice Roller Rachel Lubitz/CNN Underscored We love a practical gift, and this ice roller is a product we reach for multiple times a week. $36 $23 at Amazon Editor Favorite Swedish Wholesale Swedish Dishcloths, 10-Pack Amazon Another great practical gift, Swedish dishcloths are one of our favorite eco-friendly kitchen swaps as they take the place of paper towels. Best of all: 50% of profits from the sale of the reBoard in the color To Pó-Po with Love (a pretty beige) go to Heart of Dinner, which delivers meals to Asian elders in New York City. $35 at Material Baked by Melissa Mother’s Day Gift Box Baked by Melissa Some of the tastiest little (and we do mean little) cupcakes we’ve ever eaten, this Baked by Melissa box is perfect for Mother’s Day, complete with a whopping 25 mini cupcakes in flavors like red velvet, cookie dough, funfetti and more. From $47 at Baked by Melissa Gardener's Tool Seat Uncommon Goods As temperatures warm and plants and flowers start to grow, this two-in-seat and tool bag will make gardening a lot more comfortable and productive. Check out the Apple AirTag, the latest Apple device that she can slip into her purse or coat, or even clip onto her keys or luggage, that allows her to easily track their whereabouts. $42 at Baggu LeftCoastOriginal Personalized Charcuterie Plank LeftCoastOriginal Personalized Charcuterie Plank Etsy If the mom you’re shopping for considers herself an entertainer, then why not give her the gift of an upgrade charcuterie board? From $44 at Etsy Best Tested Yeti Rambler 26-Ounce Bottle Yeti Rambler 26-Ounce Bottle Yeti Help Mom keep extra hydrated on all her walks and workouts with this Yeti water bottle. We named it the best water bottle of 2023 thanks to its stellar thermoregulation, amazing durability and fantastic chug cap that gives you a comfortable and quick drinking experience while maintaining easy access to the super-wide mouth. $40 at Yeti Best Mother’s Day gifts under $100 Mejuri Croissant Dôme Hoops Mejuri Croissant Dôme Hoops Mejuri Jewelry is a classic Mother’s Day gift, but if you don’t want to take a big risk on a statement piece, opt for these timeless chunky hoop earrings from Mejuri. $70 at Amazon $68 at Truff Instant Pot Duo Amazon If she’s done with spending hours cooking every night, skip the takeout and give her the cult-favorite Instant Pot Duo instead. $99 at Amazon Pottery With A Purpose Flower Vase Pottery Kit Pottery With A Purpose If she’s on the craftier side, rather than gifting her flowers, you can gift her this pottery kit, which comes with everything she needs to sculpt an ultra-cool vase or two. $85 at Pottery with a Purpose Editor Favorite Storyworth Storyworth Storyworth is a service that can send your grandmother questions about her life every week via email, and at the end of one year will turn her answers into a beautifully bound book. Read our review $99 $89 at Storyworth Best Tested Fitbit Inspire 3 Fitbit Inspire 3 Amazon If Mom is looking to be more active this year, gift her our pick for the best fitness tracker of 2023. $99 at Amazon Editor Favorite Apple AirPods Pro (2nd Generation Amazon If mom’s headphones need a serious upgrade (or if she’s still suck using corded ones), Apple’s Airpods Pro 2 feature noise cancelation, excellent sound quality and a transparency option that can help heighten the sounds around her (a fantastic feature for a mom who’s experiencing any sort of hearing loss). $249 $229 at Amazon Amazon Kindle Paperwhite Amazon If your grandma is a bookworm, she’ll love the new Kindle Paperwhite, which will let her read thousands of books in a small and portable tablet. $140 at Amazon Yana Pillow Yana One of our all-time favorite body pillows (just check out our review here), Yana is a great pregnancy, body and just everyday pillow, largely because it’s one of the only pillows out there that hugs you back. $199 at Yana Evermill The Counter Top Rack Evermill The Countertop Rack Kiana Murden/CNN "It's such a chic addition to our kitchen, and it has every spice you can imagine," beauty expert and digital creator Carly Cardellino says of the Evermill Top Rack, which comes with pre-filled jars of the most popular spices. "I feel like any mom would appreciate this and just love how elevated it makes their kitchen counter look." $229 at Evermill See more of Cardellino’s Mother’s Day picks here: Editor Favorite HexClad Family Pasta Bundle HexClad If Mom's pasta nights are the stuff of legend, there's no getting better than this substantial 8-quart pot that's perfect for lots of noodles and 14-inch pan that's ideal for lots of sauce. $398 $300 at HexClad Editor Favorite Bearaby Velvet Napper Bearaby Velvet Napper Bearaby We’ve gone long on how much we love Bearaby’s weighed blankets, and this velvet version feels just special enough for Mom. $249 at Bearaby NuFace Trinity NuFace Trinity NuFace High-tech skin care can be intimidating, but with results like what we’ve seen in our personal use of NuFace, we have to make the case for it. $339 at Amazon $339 at NuFace Nixplay Smart Digital Picture Frame Amazon Nobody loves grandchildren quite like grandma does, and this frame will give her — and friends and family with access via the Nixplay app — the ability to easily share and display photos. $190 $154 at Amazon Catbird Dollhouse Locket Catbird Dollhouse Locket Catbird One of our favorite Mother’s Day gifts we’ve ever given the moms in our lives, this sweet locket is available in both silver and gold, and can fit a picture of their children or those they hold closest to them. $168 at Catbird Best Tested Parachute Linen Sheet Set Linen Venice Set Parachute It’s about to be summer, and in order to make sure the mom in your life stays cool while she sleeps, these linen sheets, which we named the best of the year, are such a dream.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/trump-administration-direct-water-california-farms-128128950
Article: Bureau of Reclamation on Thursday announced a new plan for operating the Central Valley Project, a vast system of pumps, dams and canals that direct water southward from the state’s wetter north. It follows an executive order President Donald Trump signed in January calling for more water to flow to farmers, arguing the state was wasting the precious resource in the name of protecting endangered fish species. But California officials and environmental groups blasted the move, saying sending significantly more water to farmlands could threaten water delivery to the rest of the state and would harm salmon and other fish. Barbara Barrigan-Parrilla, executive director at Restore the Delta, said pumping more water out would result in more Delta smelt and juvenile salmon dying from getting stuck in the pumping system, and once the temperature warms, harmful algae blooms will develop that are dangerous to fish, wildlife, pets and people. It “will help ensure that our growers have the water they need to support local communities and the nation’s food supply, while also protecting California’s wildlife,” general manager Allison Febbo said in a statement. But Vance Staplin, executive director of the Golden State Salmon Association, said in a statement that protections for salmon are already weak and some runs that rely on the water are close to being wiped out. Gavin Newsom “to file a lawsuit to challenge this unlawful federal move.” During Trump's first term, he allowed more water to be directed to the Central Valley, a move that Newsom fought in court, saying it would push endangered delta smelt, chinook salmon and steelhead trout populations to extinction.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/police-recover-stolen-swallowed-faberg-pendant-after-6-128126037
Article: Police have recovered a stolen James Bond-inspired Fabergé pendant after six days of waiting for it to exit a suspect's gastrointestinal tract Police recover a stolen and swallowed Fabergé pendant after a 6-day wait for it to reappear In this photo provided by the New Zealand Police a Fabergé pendant is held after it was recovered, Thursday, Dec. (New Zealand Police via AP) WELLINGTON, New Zealand -- New Zealand Police said Friday they have recovered a stolen James Bond-inspired Fabergé pendant after six days of closely watching the man accused of swallowing the jewelry in an Auckland store. A less glamorous photo supplied by New Zealand’s police Friday showed a gloved hand holding the recovered pendant and its long, gold chain with an intact price tag showing the jewelry's 33,000 New Zealand dollar ($19,000) value. “Given this man is in Police custody, we have a duty of care to continue monitoring him given the circumstances of what has occurred,” Inspector Grae Anderson said in a statement Wednesday.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Business/wireStory/trump-administration-direct-water-california-farms-128128951
Article: Bureau of Reclamation on Thursday announced a new plan for operating the Central Valley Project, a vast system of pumps, dams and canals that direct water southward from the state’s wetter north. It follows an executive order President Donald Trump signed in January calling for more water to flow to farmers, arguing the state was wasting the precious resource in the name of protecting endangered fish species. But California officials and environmental groups blasted the move, saying sending significantly more water to farmlands could threaten water delivery to the rest of the state and would harm salmon and other fish. Barbara Barrigan-Parrilla, executive director at Restore the Delta, said pumping more water out would result in more Delta smelt and juvenile salmon dying from getting stuck in the pumping system, and once the temperature warms, harmful algae blooms will develop that are dangerous to fish, wildlife, pets and people. It “will help ensure that our growers have the water they need to support local communities and the nation’s food supply, while also protecting California’s wildlife,” general manager Allison Febbo said in a statement. But Vance Staplin, executive director of the Golden State Salmon Association, said in a statement that protections for salmon are already weak and some runs that rely on the water are close to being wiped out. Gavin Newsom “to file a lawsuit to challenge this unlawful federal move.” During Trump's first term, he allowed more water to be directed to the Central Valley, a move that Newsom fought in court, saying it would push endangered delta smelt, chinook salmon and steelhead trout populations to extinction.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/5/us-grand-jury-declines-to-re-charge-new-york-attorney-general-letitia-james?traffic_source=rss
Article: A federal grand jury has rejected prosecutors’ attempt to revive a criminal case against New York Attorney General Letitia James, after a judge previously threw out charges levelled against the prominent critic of United States President Donald Trump. The indictment on Thursday marks the Department of Justice’s second failed attempt to prosecute James, an elected Democrat against whom Trump had vowed retribution after her office brought a civil fraud case against him and his family business. In November, US District Judge Cameron McGowan Currie dismissed a mortgage fraud case against James after finding that the federal prosecutor who secured the indictment, Lindsey Halligan, was unlawfully appointed. Her lawyer, Abbe Lowell, said any effort to continue the case would constitute “a shocking assault on the rule of law and a devastating blow to the integrity of our justice system”. “The grand jury’s refusal to re-indict Attorney General James is a decisive rejection of a case that should never have existed in the first place,” Lowell said in a statement. Despite the grand jury’s decision, federal prosecutors are still reportedly planning to seek a new indictment against James, the Reuters news agency reported, citing two unnamed sources familiar with the matter. Advertisement Vows of retribution After James’s office brought the civil case against Trump, a Judge in 2024 ordered him to pay a $450m penalty after finding he fraudulently overstated his net worth to mislead lenders. James is one of three high-profile critics of Trump hit with federal criminal charges in recent months, alongside former FBI director James Comey and former Trump national security adviser John Bolton. A case against Comey, who led investigations into alleged collusion between Trump’s 2016 campaign and Russia, was also dismissed in late November by Judge Currie, citing the same unlawful appointment of Halligan.

Link: https://www.latimes.com/politics/story/2025-12-02/chabria-column-trump-response-immigrants-national-guard-killing
Article: It’s important that we stop for a moment and recognize the unacceptable terror of two people serving our country being gunned down in an apparently targeted attack just blocks from the White House a day before Thanksgiving. While we’ve seen it before, this time Trump’s attack on non-white immigrants seems like a move not to placate his MAGA voters but to marginalize them — an embrace of an increasingly powerful farther-right-than-MAGA contingent of his base that is open in its disdain for pluralism and equality. Advertisement Shortly after the tragedy in Washington, Trump vowed on social media to “remove anyone who is not a net asset to the United States, or is incapable of loving our Country.” Please note that he completely dropped any charade of this being about violent criminals or even those who crossed the border illegally — the people MAGA (and many others) thought would be targeted in an immigration crackdown. Advertisement The America First folks, led by Nick Fuentes, are the most high-profile of these types outside of the administration, but there are other groups, some affiliated and some openly hostile of one another, that are amassing power both within the Republican base and in its power structure. On the inside, one need look no further than the ranting of Stephen Miller for proof that racism is increasingly official Trump policy, stretching far beyond closing our borders or removing undocumented people. He promised in a social media post a few days ago to “denaturalize migrants who undermine domestic tranquility, and deport any Foreign National who is a public charge, security risk, or non-compatible with Western Civilization. Before you hit the keyboard to tell me it’s just another Trump rant with no teeth, check out the official account of the Labor Department, which recently posted a picture of the Lincoln Memorial with the text (in a font associated with the Third Reich) that reads, “(t)he fight for Western Civilization has begun — and Americanism will Prevail.” Or look at the Department of Homeland Security, which recently posted “Remigration now,” and has for months also been claiming we are in a battle for “Western civilization.” Advertisement That particular term, remigration, is used by far-right believers of the Great Replacement Theory for the idea that white-majority counties can only survive if they — peacefully or violently — remove non-white people. Voices Chabria: Trump is exploiting Ruby Garcia’s death to depict immigrants as ‘animals’ In politicizing the death of Ruby Garcia, the Republican former president is stoking fear for votes — and ignoring the many women killed in a crisis of violent men. Advertisement The media have started referring to Trump as a “lame duck” on his way out, ignoring to the point of journalistic malpractice his groundwork to undermine or even rig the next election — whether the GOP candidate is a third-term Trump or a not-so-great-replacement like Vice President JD Vance. Advertisement At the same time, the midterms are less than a year away, and the election deniers Trump has installed in key posts are already working to create systems that will likely make it harder for poor and marginalized Americans to vote.

Link: https://www.latimes.com/california/story/2025-12-02/san-bernardino-mass-shooting-ten-years-later-muslims-trump
Article: His last words, as he held his terrified colleague close, were, “I got you.” Advertisement Johnson’s death “changed the whole trajectory of my life,” Pifer said through tears in a recent interview. has suffered deadlier shootings since San Bernardino — including the 2016 massacre at Pulse, an LGBTQ+ nightclub in Orlando, Fla., in which another American inspired by online terrorist propaganda killed 49 — but the December 2015 California attack had the most sweeping impact on American politics, and ushered in the nation’s current era of divisive immigration enforcement. Less than a week after the killings, then-presidential candidate Donald Trump used the tragedy to call for “a total and complete shutdown of Muslims entering the United States until our country’s representatives can figure out what the hell is going on.” His proposed “Muslim ban” was widely criticized, including from members of his own party. But Trump stood by his words, saying on “Good Morning America” that “we are now at war.” That proposal was so popular with Republican voters, it helped propel Trump to the party’s nomination the following summer and helped win him the election in November 2016. A week after taking the oath of office in January 2017, Trump imposed a ban on people traveling from seven majority Muslim countries, but not Pakistan or Saudi Arabia, where Malik had lived. An Afghan national — who was granted asylum in the United States after working with the CIA in his native country — has been charged with first-degree murder in the shooting, which killed one of the soldiers and left the other in critical condition. (Marcus Yam / Los Angeles Times) A month earlier, terrorists trained by Islamic State in Syria had killed 130 people in a string of suicide bombings and a mass shooting in the center of Paris. Understandably, they were not on any security force’s radar and had no apparent links to international terror networks — until Malik pledged allegiance to the ISIS leader on Facebook shortly before the attack. Advertisement Investigators later discovered that the two had discussed jihad and martyrdom in private online chats for at least two years before that fateful day, and that they had drawn inspiration from Islamic State’s robust social media, which included videos depicting a Jordanian pilot being burned to death inside a locked cage and the beheadings of two American journalists. “That really got the FBI’s attention and galvanized them to start looking at the propaganda ISIS was putting out” on YouTube and through other online platforms, said Robert Pape, a professor who studies terrorism and other security threats at the University of Chicago. (Christina House/Los Angeles Times) “I disagreed with it completely,” said Renee Wetzel, who was 32 years old when her husband, Mike, was killed in the attack, leaving her to raise their six kids without him. Wetzel said she was shocked that the entire populations of those countries — amounting to millions of people — could be banned from traveling to America because of an evil act committed by two individuals, one of whom was born and raised in the U.S. “When did we stop caring about other people?” In Muslim communities, alarm and dread Muslims including Hussam Ayloush, executive director of the Council on American-Islamic Relations in Los Angeles, center, pray at Dar Al Uloom Al-Islamiyah of America, a mosque in San Bernardino, on Nov. (Marcus Yam / Los Angeles Times) Ayloush bought some for them, adding: “It broke my heart because no one there in that house was guilty of anything.” Advertisement Burying the shooters became a separate ordeal. Still, because of community efforts, the region largely avoided “this becoming an act that pitted people against each other on the basis of religion or nationality.” 1 2 3 4 1. Advertisement “We couldn’t let people come back to their cubicles because there were so many people missing,” said San Bernardino County Assessor Josie Gonzales, who was a county supervisor at the time. Outside the San Bernardino County Government Center, there’s now a Curtain of Courage — 14 bronze alcoves, each curved like a protective wall and dedicated to one of the victims. (Christina House / Los Angeles Times) For law enforcement, the quick and decisive response to secure the scene — so the surviving victims could begin receiving aid — became a global model for how to handle mass shootings. “Unfortunately, even after all this time, those sounds are not forgotten.” It took only a few minutes — which felt like “eternity,” Sandoval said — to determine the shooters had fled through a separate exit. (Christina House / Los Angeles Times) Since then, the actions of those four officers have become a textbook example of how to respond, taught in law enforcement training seminars around the world. Retired San Bernardino Police Chief Jarrod Burguan said the heroism of his officers that day provided a recruiting boost to the beleaguered department, which had lost more than a third of its members due to municipal bankruptcy. “It restored a little bit of pride.” “Thought we were going to be together forever” A memorial bench in San Bernardino honors those who lost their lives or had lives changed in the terrorist attack. And every challenge is a little harder because he’s not around.” Like everyone else interviewed for this story, Meins said she has noticed that interest in the San Bernardino shooting has waned significantly over the last decade. Advertisement With the roar of gunfire long faded, and the urgent call to action colliding with the slow grind of politics as usual, what’s left for most survivors is a profound sense of loss, an emptiness that nothing quite fills. But her kids, who ranged from 1 year old to 14 at the time of the shooting, have now spent a decade passing milestones — birthdays, father-daughter dances, driving tests — without their dad at their side. Every night when Mike came home, she would meet him at the door, give him a hug and a kiss, and then hand off the baby, Wetzel said with a chuckle.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/local/texas/texas-bathroom-bill-takes-effect-debate-rights/269-43fc5068-3c9d-4be7-a2a0-0629b05a746a
Article: Senate Bill 8 is the "Texas Women's Privacy Act." The law requires people in city and state owned facilities, public schools and universities, and jails to use the bathroom that matches the sex on their birth certificate. "This has been a priority of mine for many, many years and look, this is a lesson in persistence and grit because what this is about is protecting safety and privacy of women and children," Middleton said.

Link: https://abc7.com/post/ad-councils-public-service-award-dinner-hosted-sam-champion-held-nycs-west-side/18252424/
Article: "The View's" Whoopi Goldberg was also there to support the organization, and so was Rita Ferro, President of Global Advertising for Disney, one of the co-chairs of Thursday night's dinner, which honored NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell. "Deja Vu," from "Live with Kelly and Mark," along with ESPN and ABC sports analyst Jesse Palmer, helped out as well, recognizing the Ad Council, which is a non-profit organization that dates back to the 1942.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/cricket/videos/cewj0xv788wo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Marnus Labuschagne dives at full stretch to take a brilliant catch in the deep from Jofra Archer, as England are bowled out for 334 runs on day two of the second Ashes Test in Brisbane.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Entertainment/wireStory/police-recover-stolen-swallowed-faberg-pendant-after-6-128126042
Article: Police have recovered a stolen James Bond-inspired Fabergé pendant after six days of waiting for it to exit a suspect's gastrointestinal tract Police recover a stolen and swallowed Fabergé pendant after a 6-day wait for it to reappear In this photo provided by the New Zealand Police a Fabergé pendant is held after it was recovered, Thursday, Dec. (New Zealand Police via AP) WELLINGTON, New Zealand -- New Zealand Police said Friday they have recovered a stolen James Bond-inspired Fabergé pendant after six days of closely watching the man accused of swallowing the jewelry in an Auckland store. A less glamorous photo supplied by New Zealand’s police Friday showed a gloved hand holding the recovered pendant and its long, gold chain with an intact price tag showing the jewelry's 33,000 New Zealand dollar ($19,000) value. “Given this man is in Police custody, we have a duty of care to continue monitoring him given the circumstances of what has occurred,” Inspector Grae Anderson said in a statement Wednesday.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/05/india-cuts-rates-to-as-expected-as-central-bank-rbi-warns-of-further-reductions.html
Article: The monetary policy committee delivered a unanimous reduction, citing "weakness in some key economic indicators," even as headline inflation has eased significantly and is expected to be revised lower in the first quarter of 2025, said RBI governor Sanjay Malhotra. GST tax collections showed a sharp improvement in October to 1.95 trillion rupees ($21.7 billion), up 4.6% from a year earlier, but the growth was muted in November with gross collection of 1.7 trillion rupees, a modest 0.7% increase. Despite a policy rate cut earlier this year, there has not been a "major pick up in bank lending," said Sanjay Mathur, ANZ's Chief Economist for India and Southeast Asia.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/5/honduran-presidential-candidate-says-trump-interfered-in-election-report?traffic_source=rss
Article: “If they do, there will be hell to pay!” The US president has previously threatened to cut off aid to Honduras if Asfura did not win, and said there would be “hell to pay” if officials tampered with election results. He also took the unusual step of announcing a pardon for former Honduran President Juan Orlando Hernandez, who was convicted in the US on drug trafficking charges, in the lead-up to Sunday’s vote. As of Thursday evening, election authorities said they had counted 87 percent of the ballots, but 17 percent of the ballots showed “inconsistencies” and are under review, according to Reuters.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/5/the-homeland-is-the-homeland-venezuelans-brace-for-possible-us-attack?traffic_source=rss
Article: With United States military assets deployed near the Venezuelan coast and rhetoric heating up between Washington and Caracas, the capital’s residents find themselves divided – a few by hope, others by scepticism, and still others by a fierce instinct to defend their homeland. “I would help however I could.” ‘A positive change’ The US has conducted nearly two dozen strikes since September in the Caribbean Sea and the Pacific Ocean, killing more than 80 people. The administration of US President Donald Trump has not presented evidence to support its claim that the targeted boats contained narcotics or smugglers, nor that they were headed to the US. Trump has deployed the world’s largest aircraft carrier, USS Gerald R Ford; thousands of troops; and F-35 military jets to the Caribbean in recent weeks, in the biggest show of force in the region in several decades. Maduro – whose nearly 12 years in office have been marked by deep economic and social crisis, and by repeated US efforts to pressure or unseat his government – was sworn in for a third term in January. According to the opposition, their count of the voting records shows their candidate Edmundo Gonzalez won by a wide margin – a result that has led the US and several other governments to recognise him as president-elect. Most Venezuelans are far more worried about daily survival, low salaries and inflation, rather than geopolitics – and they do not support US pressure or an attack on their country. “I can understand that some Venezuelans believe this type of pressure from the US could bring about political change and improve the situation,” says a government official with a degree in international affairs, speaking to Al Jazeera on condition of anonymity because they are not authorised to speak to the media. “We’ve seen that in Panama, we’ve seen it in Syria, Libya – and in many countries in the Middle East.” 55% of Venezuelans disagree with a foreign military intervention, as opposed to 23% who support it, according to a new Datanálisis poll carried out between November 14 and 19, 2025. pic.twitter.com/SUV3wYMczv — Francisco Rodríguez (@frrodriguezc) November 29, 2025 ‘The homeland is the homeland’ A few blocks away from Tovar, Oropeza is cynical – about Venezuela and its elites, and about Trump and his intentions. “US politics moves a lot with its weaponry, and that generates money for whoever occupies the presidency,” he argues, noting that troop mobilisation on the Venezuelan side likely enriches the local elite as well. Them, and those we don’t know.” Oropeza, who describes himself as a former supporter of the late President Hugo Chavez – Maduro’s mentor and predecessor, says he is not a follower of the current president. “They are interested in Venezuela because they need its resources.” Advertisement Venezuela holds the world’s largest proven oil reserves, more than five times more than the US, and significant natural gas fields, making its energy sector a central pillar of global strategic interest. Her contingency plan is simple: “Food at home, and keep all my family in one place.” As the sun sets over a city caught in the crosshairs of geopolitics, Brea echoes the uncertainty felt by millions.

Link: https://www.morningbrew.com/stories/2025/12/05/nyt-sued-the-pentagon-over-new-press-policy?utm_source=&utm_medium=syndication&utm_campaign=feed
Article: The New York Times sued the Pentagon and Defense Secretary Pete Hegseth yesterday over his department's recently rolled out press policy—which major news outlets, including the NYT, refused to follow, getting them booted from Pentagon premises. The newspaper argues that the Pentagon’s media rules violate the First Amendment, while flouting due process guarantees with potential for arbitrary enforcement and no option to appeal press badge revocations. In the meantime…many news organizations are covering the Pentagon without entering it, while the Defense Department recently welcomed a new press corps consisting mostly of digital media outlets friendly to the Trump administration.—SK

Link: https://www.morningbrew.com/stories/2025/12/05/zuck-slashes-budget-for-metaverse?utm_source=&utm_medium=syndication&utm_campaign=feed
Article: We’re starting a petition to bring back “The Facebook” now that “Meta” might become obsolete: After struggling for years to get you to care about virtual worlds, Mark Zuckerberg will slash the resources devoted to his metaverse dreams, likely in order to go full throttle on AI, Bloomberg reported yesterday. The cuts will target the teams that work on Quest virtual-reality headsets and Meta Horizon Worlds, an immersive online space originally with Nintendo-Wii-Mii-like graphics that got more traction as a meme than a product. Investors are overjoyed Meta’s stock rose more than 3% yesterday, adding tens of billions of dollars to its market cap as a reward for Zuck finally listening to the chorus of boos surrounding his costly project.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nba/golden-state-warriors-giannis-antetokounmpo-draymond-green-brandin-podziemski-jonathan-kuminga-trade-milwaukee-bucks-11160093
Article: That said, a move before the early February deadline remains a possibility, and NBA insiders are doing the work of consolidating several candidates' assets on paper and formulating likely packages coming the Bucks' way. Jake Fischer of The Stein Line did that very thing for multiple franchises on Thursday, including the Golden State Warriors, who have engaged in a long-term, long-distance flirtation with Antetokounmpo for years. "Sources say Golden State, furthermore, has never been close to this point to putting both Jonathan Kuminga and Brandin Podziemski in the same trade conversation — refusing to do so in their June (and July) 2024 talks with Utah for Lauri Markkanen — just in case the chance emerged to package them both for Antetokounmpo or some other major, major fish," Fischer wrote. "The Warriors have likewise been reluctant to consider win-now, all-in moves that would require them to trade away Draymond Green, but Antetokounmpo in all likelihood would change that equation for Golden State's brass." Green would be a necessity in the deal from a financial standpoint, as his 2025 salary combined with those of Kuminga and Podziemski would total within a couple million of Antetokounmpo's and allow the money to matchup. The Warriors would also unquestionably have to throw in all of their available first-round draft assets, which include four first-round picks and three first-round swaps across the next seven seasons, per Bobby Marks of ESPN. At this point, Golden State has long abandoned its two-timeline strategy, and going all-in on a potential championship trio of Antetokounmpo, Stephen Curry and Jimmy Butler makes the most sense as dusk begins to take a firm hold over the dynasty by the Bay.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nba/lebron-james-iconic-scoring-streak-ends-in-lakers-last-second-win-11160201
Article: LeBron James failed to reach double figures in Thursday’s 123-120 win over the Toronto Raptors, ending a streak that lasted nearly 19 years and stretched across 1,297 consecutive regular-season games. It remains the longest such streak the league has ever seen and it ended on a night when James chose to make the right play instead of chasing the record. When asked how he felt about the streak ending, James offered the type of answer only he could deliver after rewriting the record book for two decades: “Nothing… we won.” A Streak Defined by Longevity ...

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/poll-shows-deep-economic-insecurity-among-young-americans-11160216
Article: Young Americans are under profound strain, with "deep economic insecurity, eroding trust in democratic institutions, and growing social fragmentation" shaping how they see their lives and futures, a new poll shows. Why It Matters The poll from the Institute of Politics at Harvard Kennedy School provides insight into the concerns of young Americans at a time of political polarization and amid heightened questioning of the role played by traditional systems and institutions, including democracy and the capitalist economy. “Financial fears, political polarization, and concerns over an uncertain future have shattered young Americans’ trust in the world around them,” Jordan Schwartz, student chair of the Harvard Public Opinion Project, said. Forty-three percent of the younger set say they are struggling or getting by with limited financial security and only 30 percent believe they will be better off financially than their parents. Trump has a 29 percent overall approval rating, with just 26 percent on the economy, 25 percent on health care, 32 percent on immigration and 35 percent on illegal immigration. These numbers reflect a deeper lack of trust in institutions during a moment of widespread anxiety about affordability, opportunity, and the future of work,” the Institute of Politics said in its report on the poll. The poll also found faith in capitalism is eroding among young people in the U.S., with 39 percent approval, down from 45 percent in 2020, while they increasingly view the democratic system as struggling. as a democracy either in trouble (45 percent) or one that has already failed (19 percent), while only 32 percent describe it in positive terms: 6 percent as healthy and 26 percent as somewhat functioning. Only 35 percent of respondents believe others with opposing political views want what’s best for the country and 47 percent avoid political conversations because they fret over the potential reaction of others. What People Are Saying Schwartz added: “Now is not the time to mince words: Gen Z is headed down a path that could threaten the future stability of American democracy and society. This is a five-alarm fire, and we need to act now if we hope to restore young people's faith in politics, America, and each other.” John Della Volpe, director of polling at the Institute of Politics: “Young Americans are sending a clear message: the systems and institutions meant to support them no longer feel stable, fair, or responsive to this generation.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nfl/cowboys-fans-irate-with-refs-over-questionable-opi-call-11160244
Article: The Dallas Cowboys entered Week 14 having won three games in a row before facing the Detroit Lions on "Thursday Night Football." The Cowboys needed a win to inch closer to the 8-4 Philadelphia Eagles for first place in the NFC East.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/local/plano-weighs-future-with-dart-may-vote-nears-installs-advisory-committee/287-f8191c80-4abe-494a-a837-30e76c2dfee2
Article: "Seeing how many empty buses and how empty our rail system is, is really frustrating for the amount we're paying." Plano contributes more than $131 million in annual sales tax to DART — the second most among member cities. "Our charge is to make a recommendation of the services that need to be in place and a vendor to deliver the services." "Their job is to tell us what's important to them in regard to transportation" Muns said. "And it hasn't grown at all, and that is a concern for all of us." Gilmer tells WFAA it takes him about an hour and a half to get to his home in Irving from downtown Plano. In response to the claim that this relationship between the city and DART is inequitable, he says, "Sometimes you get what you pay for, sometimes you don't get what you pay for.

Link: https://abc13.com/post/attorneys-ex-employee-investigated-theft-fort-bend-county-judge-kp-georges-campaign-court-docs/18252250/
Article: Attorney's ex-employee investigated for theft from Fort Bend County judge's campaign: court docs A former receptionist at the law firm representing Fort Bend County Judge KP George is accused of stealing $4,200 from his campaign bank account. RICHMOND, Texas (KTRK) -- A former receptionist at the law firm representing Fort Bend County Judge KP George is under investigation for stealing $4,200 from his campaign bank account, according to attorney Jared Woodfill. 21 seeking to have Woodfill removed from the case, they say George told police that he noticed several unauthorized transactions from his campaign's Frost bank account between the months of July and September. In their filing, they write that "Woodfill's interests appear directly and materially adverse to Defendant's interests." They go on to assert that Woodfill could potentially be criminally or civilly liable for his employee's conduct. There is no conflict of interest." SEE ALSO: New filings accuse Fort Bend County DA of misconduct in case against County Judge KP George Attorneys Eyewitness News consulted say there might be one. "As a lawyer, I wouldn't - I'd not get involved in it because there's too many snakes crawling around," said Robert Pelton, a longtime criminal defense attorney who founded an ethics hotline for other attorneys. Responding to the motion, prosecutors wrote that the defense had crafted a "work of historical fiction" that was "short on the facts, and short on the law." Middleton's and Woodfill's fates could be decided at a Tuesday morning hearing.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c709r8ekn8no?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: UK to deport 60 delivery riders after illegal work crackdown Border Security Minister Alex Norris has also met representatives from food-delivery firms to encourage them to do more to tackle the issue - such as using facial recognition checks to prevent riders sharing their identities with people who do not have permission to take up work in the UK. He added: "We are tightening the law to clamp down on illegal working in the delivery sector to root out this criminality from our communities." The Home Office highlighted the cases of two Chinese nationals arrested at a restaurant in Solihull, four riders of Bangladeshi and Indian nationality in Newham, east London, and three riders of Indian nationality in Norwich.

Link: https://www.nytimes.com/video/world/100000010563247/trumps-relationship-with-the-president-of-fifa.html
Article: Trump’s Relationship With the President of FIFA Gianni Infantino, head of soccer’s governing body, FIFA, has lauded President Trump at almost every opportunity, even starting a FIFA Peace Prize after Mr.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Business/wireStory/salesforce-ceo-vies-overcome-investors-ai-skepticism-touting-128091195
Article: After riding the artificial intelligence craze to new heights, business software maker Salesforce has been pummeled by a wave of investor skepticism that’s intensified the pressure on its persuasive CEO Marc Benioff to reverse the tide SAN FRANCISCO -- After riding the artificial intelligence craze to new heights, business software maker Salesforce has been pummeled by a wave of investor skepticism that’s intensified the pressure on its persuasive CEO Marc Benioff to reverse the tide. Benioff, who helped spearhead the transition to cloud computing after founding Salesforce in 1999, got a chance to try to change the AI narrative late Wednesday with the release of his company’s latest quarterly results. The key numbers covering the August-October eclipsed the analyst projections that help steer the stock market, providing Benioff with some material to support his contention that Salesforce’s big bets on AI will yield a jackpot. “We’re uniquely positioned for this new era,” Benioff boasted during a 25-minute address on an analyst conference call that sometimes sounded like an AI sermon that also featured comments about “wow” moments that customers experience when seeing the company's technology. Nvidia, the dominant maker of the chips needed to power AI, put a dent in the wall of worry a couple weeks ago with a quarterly earnings report that soared far beyond analyst estimates and initially eased fears about a Big Tech bubble bursting. But the tranquility quickly evaporated, leaving Nvidia’s stock price slightly below where it was trading before the company’s stellar earnings report and 15% below its peak price reached in late October when the chipmaker became the first company to be valued at $5 trillion. Before the earnings report was released, Salesforce's market value had plunged by 35%, wiping out about $125 billion in shareholder wealth, since Salesforce’s stock price peaked at $369 a year ago. The downturn has happened even as Benioff has been doing his best to highlight AI's potential benefits while calling upon the flair for salesmanship that he developed while become the become a chief evangelist behind the rise of software subscription services amid the ruins of the dot-com bust a quarter century ago. Benioff, who owns Time magazine in addition to his Salesforce job, also is among the Big Tech leaders who have forged ties with President Donald Trump this year while trying to persuade the administration to adopt AI-friendly policies to protect U.S. Salesforce has been primarily focused on creating Ai agents that can automate more customer sales agents while spawning a digital labor force that will take over jobs that have traditionally been filled by people. In a sign that Benioff intends to practice what he preaches, Salesforce laid off 4,000 of its own customer support workers as its “Agentforce” technology took over more of the responsibilities. But the corporate customers that buy Salesforce’s services haven't been embracing AI agents as quickly as investors initially thought, turning the company into a “poster child” for the doubts hanging over the technology, said Jay Woods, chief market strategist for investment banking firm Freedom Capital Markets. “We all know that the speed of innovation has exceeded the speed of customer adoption,” Benioff conceded while confidently predicting that dynamic is about to change dramatically as more companies and government agencies build AI services into their operations. Salesforce is projecting $60 billion in revenue for its fiscal year ending in January 2030 – a target that would require average annual increases of 10% from its forecasted sales of $41.5 billion for its current fiscal year.

Link: https://www.latimes.com/entertainment-arts/movies/story/2025-12-04/mortal-kombat-star-martial-artist-cary-hiroyuki-tagawa-dies-at-75
Article: Tagawa, known for his roles in the “Mortal Kombat” films, “License to Kill” and “The Man in the High Castle,” died Thursday of complications from a stroke, a representative confirmed to The Times. Advertisement His role in the Oscar-winning epic quickly propelled him to fame, and he went on to star in more than 30 films, many of which showcased his combat skills. “I had the privilege of representing Cary-Hiroyuki Tagawa for many years as his long time manager, but our relationship grew into something far deeper — he became like family,” said manager Margie Weiner in a statement. My heart is with his family, friends, and all who loved him.” Advertisement His most defining role came in the 1995 film “Mortal Kombat,” in which he played the evil sorcerer Shang Tsung — a performance that became a cult classic made especially memorable by his enduring line, “Your soul is mine.” He reprised the character in the 2013 television series “Mortal Kombat: Legacy” and voiced Tsung in the video game Mortal Kombat 11, introducing his work to a new generation of fans. He later stared as trade minister Nobusuke Tagomi in Amazon’s “The Man in the High Castle,” a performance that earned him some of the strongest critical notice of his career. “Our entire team loved working with him and appreciated how he treated everyone with love and respect.” Tagawa is survived by his children, Calen, Byrnne and Cana, and his grandchildren, River and Thea Clayton.

Link: https://abc13.com/post/new-life-baptist-church-northside-says-have-been-multiple-break-ins-last-week/18251513/
Article: Stolen instruments, AC units and copper wires: Houston church reports multiple break-ins in one week Leaders of New Life Baptist Church of Northside say thieves took musical instruments and their two A/C units over the course of several days. HOUSTON, Texas (KTRK) -- A pastor on Houston's north side says his church has been broken into several times in one week and he wants the person responsible to be caught.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/cricket/videos/cd748d8dnrqo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: After being dropped on three, England remove Travis Head for 33 for their first Australian wicket of the second Test, with Gus Atkinson taking the catch off the bowling of Brydon Carse, with the home side 77-1 in their first innings in Brisbane.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/us-raid-allegedly-killed-syrian-undercover-agent-islamic-128132871
Article: operation in Syria last month mistakenly killed a man who had been working undercover against the Islamic State group, according to his family, a war monitor and officials Sabah al-Sheikh al-Kilani, the mother of Khaled al-Masoud, points to bullet holes in the wall of her son's home after he was killed during a raid in the town of al-Dumayr, in the Damascus countryside, Syria, Oct. (AP Photo/Omar Albam) Sabah al-Sheikh al-Kilani, the mother of Khaled al-Masoud, points to bullet holes in the wall of her son's home after he was killed during a raid in the town of al-Dumayr, in the Damascus countryside, Syria, Oct. forces and a local Syrian group aiming to capture an Islamic State group official instead killed a man who had been working undercover gathering intelligence on the extremists, family members and Syrian officials have told The Associated Press. The killing in October underscores the complex political and security landscape as the United States begins working with interim Syrian President Ahmad al-Sharaa in the fight against remnants of IS. According to relatives, Khaled al-Masoud had been spying on IS for years on behalf of the insurgents led by al-Sharaa and then for al-Sharaa’s interim government, established after the fall of former President Bashar Assad a year ago. Still, al-Masoud’s death could be “quite a setback” for efforts to combat IS, said Wassim Nasr, a senior research fellow with the Soufan Center, a New York-based think tank focused on security issues. Al-Masoud had been infiltrating IS in the southern deserts of Syria known as the Badiya, one of the places where remnants of the extremist group have remained active, Nasr said. Khaled al-Masoud’s mother, Sabah al-Sheikh al-Kilani, said the forces then surrounded her son’s house next door, where he was with his wife and five daughters, and banged on the door. “I want the people who took him from his children to be held accountable.” Al-Masoud’s family believes he was targeted based on faulty intelligence provided by members of the Syrian Free Army. Two Syrian security officials and one political official, who spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to comment publicly, confirmed that al-Masoud had been working with Syria's interim government in a security role. defense official, when asked for more information about the raid and its target and whether it had been coordinated with Syria's government, said, “We are aware of these reports but do not have any information to provide.” The official spoke on condition of anonymity in accordance with regulations.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Technology/wireStory/autoimmune-disease-stole-mans-memory-learning-cope-127699477
Article: Here's how he's learning to cope By LAURAN NEERGAARD Associated Press and SHELLUM Associated Press Christy Morrill, 72, who lost decades of memories to autoimmune encephalitis, holds up a viewfinder with a slide film of himself as a college student, Wednesday, Aug. (AP Photo/David Goldman) Christy Morrill, 72, who lost decades of memories to autoimmune encephalitis, holds up a viewfinder with a slide film of himself as a college student, Wednesday, Aug. “When someone’s having new changes in their mental status, they’re worsening and if there’s sort of like a bizarre quality to it, that’s something that kind of tips our suspicion,” Horng said. What I could remember, it was like a nightmare, like the devil trying to catch me.” Later Alexander would ask about her 9-year-old daughter and when she could go home — only to forget the answer and ask again. “One has to think about unusual disorders.” Meanwhile Morrill’s wife, Karen, thought she’d detected subtle seizures — and one finally happened in front of another doctor, helping spur a spinal tap and diagnosis of LGI1-antibody encephalitis. “That's a terrible feeling, feeling like you're alone.” As for Morrill, five years later he still grieves decades of lost memories: family gatherings, a year spent studying in Scotland, the travel with his wife. But he’s making new memories with grandkids, is back outdoors — and leads an AE Alliance support group, using his haiku to illustrate the journey from his “unraveling” to “the present is what I have, daybreaks and sunsets” to, finally, “I can sustain hope.” “I’m reentering some real time of fun, joy,” Morrill said. I just wanted to be alive.” ___ The Associated Press Health and Science Department receives support from the Howard Hughes Medical Institute’s Department of Science Education and the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Entertainment/wireStory/irans-famed-singer-googoosh-recalls-family-exile-life-128132689
Article: Iran's most-famous singer has written an account of her life as she embarks on a farewell tour DUBAI, United Arab Emirates -- For Googoosh, Iran's most-famous singer, life always has been balancing act of one kind or another. Then later, as an icon of stage and screen during the last years of the shah, her looks and hairstyles were copied by Iranian women who wanted to look more “Googooshi," a Farsi adjective all her own. "If that is what it means, then yes, I have spent my entire life trying to create and maintain a balance between my personal life and my artistic life.” The new book by the singer, born Faegheh Atashin, is called “Googoosh: A Sinful Voice.” In it, Googoosh with the help of co-author Tara Dehlavi recounts a life shaped by both the political forces that have changed Iran in the modern era and her tumultuous personal life. I have to I have to tell it all.’” Returning to Iran, Googoosh found herself harassed by its newly empowered theocracy, which put a lien on her home and blocked her ability to be issued a passport. Authorities banned her from performing or singing, she recounted, and at one point imprisoned her But she describes while trying to hide her identity in public or in private, people always pushed her to sing again, to find her voice despite the restrictions and threats. I hoped I could somehow continue performing for my own people, inside my own country.” Ultimately though, in 2000 under the government of reformist President Mohammad Khatami, Googoosh was able to get a contract to perform abroad, pull the money together to pay off her liens, obtain a passport and leave Iran. “We are seeing our youth, especially women, fighting for their most basic rights, including choosing what to wear, expressing their art freely if they have artistic talent, and living a normal life like people in other parts of the world,” Googoosh said. Our people must end this painful cycle and gain the freedoms every human being deserves.” But asked what her plans were once her tour ended, Googoosh left open the possibility of once again getting back on the stage. I am no exception, and I expect to continue living this way.” She added: "Still, I prefer to leave my artistic work for a day when the Islamic Republic no longer exists in my country.”

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/5/russia-continues-tech-crackdown-by-blocking-snapchat-facetime-access?traffic_source=rss
Article: Russian authorities have blocked access to Snapchat and Apple’s video calling service FaceTime in the latest move by Moscow clamping down on foreign tech platforms as it tightens control over the country’s internet and online communications. In separate announcements on Thursday, Russian state internet regulator Roskomnadzor accused both platforms of being used “to organise and carry out terrorist acts within the country”, as well as “recruit perpetrators” for criminal acts. After Russia’s full-scale invasion of Ukraine in 2022, Snapchat – a messaging app for sharing photos, videos and text messages – announced it was halting advertisement sales to Russian and Belarusian media buyers as it hailed the “resilience of the Ukrainian people”. Advertisement The site, used by more than 50 million Russians every day, is one of the last major bastions of free expression in the country and where many Kremlin critics continue to operate. In 2024, authorities also blocked encrypted messenger Signal and another popular app, Viber, while calls via WhatsApp and Telegram – Russia’s first and second most popular messaging apps – were blocked in August.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cj4qedglzpwo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Police recover $19k Fabergé egg swallowed by NZ man 6 hours ago Share Save Kelly Ng Share Save New Zealand Police Police say the Fabergé egg locket was recovered in a "natural" manner A diamond-studded locket swallowed by a New Zealand man who tried to steal it has been "recovered", police say.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/cricket/articles/cn8e1xm7gleo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Since making a stunning 184 not out and 88 in the second Test against India in July, then following up with 51 in the first innings of the third Test at Lord's, Smith's highest score in seven knocks is 33. Former wicketkeeper Matt Prior, part of the England team when they won the Ashes in Australia in 2010-11, said on TNT: "It's the worst place in the world to be having just dropped that catch. The debate over whether England should have sent more players to a floodlit match between England Lions and a Prime Minister's XI in Canberra in the weekend before this Test was tempered by the vastly different conditions in Brisbane when compared to the capital. While Smith has had five training sessions with the pink ball in the run-up to this Test - two of them under lights - he was out for a second-ball duck in England's first innings and dropped the first chance that came his way.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/football/articles/cj0e7y754zpo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: As well as the coaches and physios who sit alongside head coach Thomas Tuchel on the bench, England's staff includes groups of analysts, data scientists and in-house software development teams. They use different AI tools - some purchased from external tech firms, some built inside the FA - to analyse data, find interesting information, and create presentations which are used in meetings to make complex information understandable for coaches and players. "AI can show certain tendencies for where opposition players put their penalties that we probably weren't thinking of," explains Rhys Long, who since 2016 has been the FA's head of performance insights and analysis. "When we get to a World Cup, we have 47 teams' worth of information to profile - where has every player in every squad put every penalty since they were 16? Then that becomes a five-minute conversation with our goalkeeper, for five seconds of them hopefully saving a penalty." In theory, then, the penalty information stuck on goalkeeper Jordan Pickford's water bottle is more accurate and detailed then ever before. Since Long arrived, England's penalty record has improved significantly, and analysts' use of AI is also used to reduce the mental pressure for England players choosing where to place penalties.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/snooker/articles/cqlkd95007do?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: And while O'Sullivan made an early exit from this year's UK Championship, BBC Sport looks at 10 - and it could have been a lot more - memorable moments that have cemented his status as snooker's biggest star as he reaches a personal half-century.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/shops-empty-hispanic-neighborhood-immigration-crackdown-louisiana-128132418
Article: Federal border agents have descended on a Hispanic enclave just outside New Orleans and local business owners are suffering By JACK BROOK Associated Press and SARA CLINE /REPORT FOR AMERICA Associated Press Carmela Diaz speaks inside her closed restaurant in the midst of a Customs and Border Protection immigration crackdown in Kenner, La., Thursday, Dec. It's one of many once-thriving Hispanic businesses, from Nicaraguan eateries to Honduran restaurants, emptied out in recent weeks in neighborhoods with lots of signs in Spanish but increasingly fewer people on the streets. In the city of Kenner, which has the highest concentration of Hispanic residents in Louisiana, a federal immigration crackdown aiming for 5,000 arrests has devastated an economy already struggling from ramped-up enforcement efforts this year, some business owners say, and had far-reaching impacts on both immigrants and U.S. That’s why I made the decision to close the business — because there was no business.” On Wednesday, convoys of federal vehicles began rumbling back and forth down Kenner's main commercial streets as the Department of Homeland Security commenced the latest in a series of immigration enforcement operations that have included surges in Los Angeles, Chicago and Charlotte, North Carolina. Border Patrol commander Gregory Bovino also made an appearance in the city, surrounded by agents in tactical gear, to tout to reporters the launch of the operation dubbed Catahoula Crunch, a name derived from the big game hound that is the Louisiana state dog. Nearly all that is shuttered at the moment due to the crackdown, and Diaz is scraping by through making home deliveries to people fearful of being swept up by agents. They slap the handcuffs on them and take them away.” Spokesperson Tricia McLaughlin said Thursday that federal agents have already made dozens of arrests, though the agency has not released a full list of people detained. “In just 24 hours on the ground, our law enforcement officers have arrested violent criminals with rap sheets that include homicide, kidnapping, child abuse, robbery, theft, and assault.” The office of Mayor Michael Glaser, a former police chief, declined to comment on his stance on the operation. But it said the crackdown “falls under federal jurisdiction” and the mayor expects all agencies operating in the city to conduct themselves “professionally, lawfully and with respect for our community.” It also said the city is “not participating in or advising” on the operation. However, the city's police are among the hundreds of local and state law enforcement agencies nationwide that have signed agreements to be part of an Immigration and Customs Enforcement program that authorizes them to hold detainees for potential deportation. While Perez considers Kenner home — a place where it's easy to find favorite dishes like “caldo de res,” a hearty beef and vegetable stew — he's prepared to leave the country if family members are deported.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Business/wireStory/shops-empty-hispanic-neighborhood-immigration-crackdown-louisiana-128132419
Article: Federal border agents have descended on a Hispanic enclave just outside New Orleans and local business owners are suffering By JACK BROOK Associated Press and SARA CLINE /REPORT FOR AMERICA Associated Press Carmela Diaz speaks inside her closed restaurant in the midst of a Customs and Border Protection immigration crackdown in Kenner, La., Thursday, Dec. It's one of many once-thriving Hispanic businesses, from Nicaraguan eateries to Honduran restaurants, emptied out in recent weeks in neighborhoods with lots of signs in Spanish but increasingly fewer people on the streets. In the city of Kenner, which has the highest concentration of Hispanic residents in Louisiana, a federal immigration crackdown aiming for 5,000 arrests has devastated an economy already struggling from ramped-up enforcement efforts this year, some business owners say, and had far-reaching impacts on both immigrants and U.S. That’s why I made the decision to close the business — because there was no business.” On Wednesday, convoys of federal vehicles began rumbling back and forth down Kenner's main commercial streets as the Department of Homeland Security commenced the latest in a series of immigration enforcement operations that have included surges in Los Angeles, Chicago and Charlotte, North Carolina. Border Patrol commander Gregory Bovino also made an appearance in the city, surrounded by agents in tactical gear, to tout to reporters the launch of the operation dubbed Catahoula Crunch, a name derived from the big game hound that is the Louisiana state dog. Nearly all that is shuttered at the moment due to the crackdown, and Diaz is scraping by through making home deliveries to people fearful of being swept up by agents. They slap the handcuffs on them and take them away.” Spokesperson Tricia McLaughlin said Thursday that federal agents have already made dozens of arrests, though the agency has not released a full list of people detained. “In just 24 hours on the ground, our law enforcement officers have arrested violent criminals with rap sheets that include homicide, kidnapping, child abuse, robbery, theft, and assault.” The office of Mayor Michael Glaser, a former police chief, declined to comment on his stance on the operation. But it said the crackdown “falls under federal jurisdiction” and the mayor expects all agencies operating in the city to conduct themselves “professionally, lawfully and with respect for our community.” It also said the city is “not participating in or advising” on the operation. However, the city's police are among the hundreds of local and state law enforcement agencies nationwide that have signed agreements to be part of an Immigration and Customs Enforcement program that authorizes them to hold detainees for potential deportation. While Perez considers Kenner home — a place where it's easy to find favorite dishes like “caldo de res,” a hearty beef and vegetable stew — he's prepared to leave the country if family members are deported.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/5/rsf-kills-dozens-mostly-children-in-war-torn-sudans-kalogi-saf-sources?traffic_source=rss
Article: The death toll from Rapid Support Forces (RSF) attacks on a kindergarten and other sites in the city of Kalogi in South Kordofan state has risen to about 47 people – mostly children – with about 50 others injured, two military sources in the government-aligned Sudanese Armed Forces (SAF) have told Al Jazeera. On Thursday, the Sudan Doctors Network initially reported that at least nine people were killed, including four children and two women, in “deliberate suicide-drone attacks carried out in Kalogi town” carried out by the RSF and its ally, the Sudan People’s Liberation Movement–North (al-Hilou), on the kindergarten and several civilian facilities. ‘History repeating itself in Kordofan’ On Thursday, the United Nations warned that the Kordofan region of Sudan could face another wave of mass atrocities as fierce fighting between rival armed forces threatens a humanitarian catastrophe. Advertisement UN human rights chief Volker Turk said that history was “repeating itself” in Kordofan following last month’s fall of el-Fasher, the capital of Sudan’s North Darfur state, where warnings of impending violence were largely ignored by the international community before widespread killings occurred. “It is truly shocking to see history repeating itself in Kordofan so soon after the horrific events in el-Fasher,” Turk said, urging global powers to prevent the region from suffering a similar fate. Since late October, when the paramilitary RSF captured Bara, in North Kordofan state, the UN has documented at least 269 civilian deaths from aerial bombardment, artillery fire and summary killings. Amnesty International has since called for war crimes investigations, and the European Union has placed sanctions on Abdelrahim Dagalo, the RSF’s deputy and brother of the group’s chief, Mohamed Hamdan “Hemedti” Dagalo.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/5/putin-modi-kick-off-india-summit-as-trade-us-sanctions-loom-large?traffic_source=rss
Article: Russian President Vladimir Putin and Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi have kicked off a daylong summit in the capital of India, where trade and Western sanctions over the war in Ukraine were set to loom large. Friday’s summit is the first time Putin has visited India since the start of Russia’s full-fledged war on Ukraine in 2022, and comes as India is seeking a reprieve from United States sanctions related to its purchase of Russian oil. But in August, the US doubled the 25 percent tariffs it had previously imposed on Indian goods to 50 percent, as a penalty for India’s Russian oil purchases, as Trump looked to pressure Putin into accepting a ceasefire. That is now changing: in November, Trump’s sanctions on Russian oil companies Rosneft and Lukoil went into effect, along with a threat of sanctions against companies from other countries that trade with these firms.

Link: https://www.latimes.com/california/story/2025-12-04/jon-slavet-gop-tech-entrepreneur-running-for-california-governor
Article: Slavet, 58, a former longtime Democrat who has never run for political office previously, said in an interview on Thursday that he believed that his business background provided the best foundation to fix the state’s problems — poverty, homelessness, unemployment, energy costs — based on conversations with California voters. We can change policy and radically change the trajectory of the state.” Slavet joins a crowded field of candidates vying to become the leader of the nation’s most populous state and the world’s fourth-largest economy. He then became a Silicon Valley entrepreneur, co-founding Guru.com , a site that connects companies with high-tech workers seeking short-term gigs; leading the upscale housing website Sentral.com ; working as an executive at the coworking-space-creator WeWork; and serving as a board member of the Silicon Valley Leadership Group. Fellow billionaire Rick Caruso, who spent more than $104 million — largely his own money — on an unsuccessful 2022 Los Angeles mayoral campaign, is pondering running for governor next year or running again for mayor.

Link: https://www.morningbrew.com/stories/how-the-2026-world-cup-draw-works?utm_source=&utm_medium=syndication&utm_campaign=feed
Article: Today, at noon EST, the 2026 World Cup draw kicks off in Washington, DC, with celebrity guests like Wayne Gretzky, Tom Brady, Shaquille O’Neal, and a new system that makes explaining Magic: The Gathering rules to your mom seem easy. Countries will play the other three teams in their group to determine who advances to a knockout-style “Round of 32.” This year’s system was tweaked so that, for the first time, the top four teams (Spain, Argentina, France, and England) can’t play each other until the semifinals. The draw, which is always a big shebang, may be even more dramatic this year with President Trump in attendance at the Kennedy Center, the iconic cultural center of which he is now the chairman.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/football/articles/cp9k2gr5e38o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Wonderful first goal getting across the front man like a true striker, and the second - although it bounced 16 times - to have the audacity to do an overhead kick in the last minute you have to give him credit. Jan Paul van Hecke (Brighton & Hove Albion): I don't usually put players on the losing team in but if the centre-back scores two goals and the team loses 4-3 I think you have to give a bit of credit. I don't think defending has been the problem for Leeds - I think it's been a case of missed opportunities from an attacking point of view over the course of the season. Him and Hall are frightening - their ability to go up and down, modern-day wing-backs who don't stop, calm on the ball with a level of assuredness in the final third as well as being excellent midfielders.

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/12/05/nx-s1-5634463/luigi-mangione-police-questioning
Article: Police kept asking questions toggle caption Curtis Means/POOL Daily Mail/AP NEW YORK — Minutes after police approached Luigi Mangione in a Pennsylvania McDonald's, he told an officer he didn't want to talk, according to video and testimony at a court hearing Thursday for the man charged with killing UnitedHealthcare CEO Brian Thompson. The exchanges have been scrutinized this week at a lengthy New York court hearing as Mangione's lawyers try to keep some key evidence from being presented at his murder trial, including his statements to police and a gun and diary officers say they found in his backpack when he was arrested Dec. Sponsor Message 'I don't know what you guys are up to' Five days after Thompson was gunned down, Altoona police were tipped that someone at the McDonald's resembled the much-publicized suspect in the killing. But Frye and Officer Joseph Detwiler initially approached Mangione with a low-key tone, saying only that someone had said he looked "suspicious." Asked for his ID, he gave a phony New Jersey driver's license with a fake name, according to prosecutors. Entries for the previous day ranged from "digital cam" to "hot meal and water bottles" to "trash bag(s)." Sponsor Message Among the items for the day of his arrest: "survival kit." What's at stake? They have said the 9 mm handgun found in the backpack matches the firearm used in the killing, that writings in the notebook laid out Mangione's disdain for health insurers and ideas about killing a CEO at an investor conference, and that he gave police the same fake name that the alleged gunman used at a New York hostel days before the shooting.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/putin-modi-discuss-russia-india-trade-defense-ties-128132690
Article: Russian President Vladimir Putin is set to hold talks with Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi at an annual summit aimed at strengthening bilateral ties Putin and Modi to discuss Russia-India trade and defense ties amid US pressure By RAJESH ROY Associated Press and AIJAZ HUSSAIN Associated Press Russian President Vladimir Putin, center, poses for a photograph with Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi, right, and Indian President Droupadi Murmu during a ceremonial reception at the Rashtrapati Bhavan in New Delhi, India, Friday, Dec. (AP Photo) Russian President Vladimir Putin, center, poses for a photograph with Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi, right, and Indian President Droupadi Murmu during a ceremonial reception at the Rashtrapati Bhavan in New Delhi, India, Friday, Dec. (AP Photo) NEW DELHI -- Russian President Vladimir Putin is set to hold talks with Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Friday at an annual summit aimed at expanding defense and trade ties, as the United States presses New Delhi to revise its decades-old partnership with Moscow. Putin was received by Modi at an airport in New Delhi on Thursday, who gave the visiting leader a bear hug and a tight handshake with the gusto of an old friend. While India has historically maintained deep ties with Russia, critics say Putin’s visit could strain relations with the European Union and the United States and might jeopardize negotiations for major trade agreements with both that are seen as critical for India’s exports. Putin’s India visit, “given the timing and geopolitical context, underscores New Delhi’s strategic tightrope walk between the West and the rest, chiefly Russia,” said Praveen Donthi, a senior analyst with the International Crisis Group.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Business/wireStory/asian-shares-mixed-after-wall-street-inches-closer-128132873
Article: stock market held near its records in a quiet day of trading Asian shares are mixed after Wall Street inches closer to its all-time high Currency traders pass by a screen showing the Korea Composite Stock Price Index (KOSPI), top center left, and the foreign exchange rate between U.S. On Thursday, expectations for a coming Fed cut took a slight hit after reports suggested the job market may be in better shape than expected and does not need much help from lower interest rates. In Chinese markets, Hong Kong’s Hang Seng index slid 0.1% to 25,921.69, while the Shanghai Composite index rose 0.1% to 3,877.83, as traders turned cautious ahead of key data from China next week including inflation, trade and producer prices. Besides worries about potential overinvestment in AI, concerns about what the Federal Reserve will do with interest rates sent the S & P 500 on sharp swings after it set its all-time high in late October.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Technology/wireStory/china-launches-shenzhou-22-spacecraft-assist-return-3-127851520
Article: China has launched the Shenzhou 22 spacecraft to help bring back a team of astronauts after a damaged spacecraft left them temporarily stranded on China's Tiangong space station In this photo provided by China's Xinhua News Agency, the Shenzhou-22 spaceship is launched from the Jiuquan Satellite Launch Center in Jiuquan, northwestern China, Tuesday, Nov. (Wang Jiangbo/Xinhua via AP) In this photo provided by China's Xinhua News Agency, the Shenzhou-22 spaceship is launched from the Jiuquan Satellite Launch Center in Jiuquan, northwestern China, Tuesday, Nov. (Wang Jiangbo/Xinhua via AP) BEIJING -- China launched the Shenzhou 22 spacecraft on Tuesday to help bring back a team of astronauts after a damaged spacecraft left them temporarily stranded on China's space station.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/5/japan-china-continue-to-spar-at-un-over-takaichi-remarks-on-taiwan?traffic_source=rss
Article: Japan and China have escalated their war of words at the United Nations following unprecedented remarks from Japanese Prime Minister Sanae Takaichi about Tokyo’s role in a potential Taiwan conflict. Japan’s ambassador to the UN wrote to Secretary-General Antonio Guterres on Thursday, disputing allegations from Beijing that Takaichi had violated “the basic norms governing international relations” while speaking to the Japanese Diet last month. The dispute began in November when Takaichi told Japanese legislators that should China ever use force against Taiwan, the move would constitute a “survival-threatening situation” for Japan, according to Japanese media. “This has been the unofficial position of Japan and the unspoken position of Japan for many years, but prime ministers just don’t say it [out loud],” Jeffrey Hall, a lecturer in Japanese studies at Kanda University of International Studies, told Al Jazeera. In addition to the UN letters, a Chinese diplomat in Osaka implied in a now-deleted social media post that Takaichi ‘s head should be cut off over her remarks on Taiwan, according to the Reuters news agency. Takaichi, like her late mentor Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, has advocated for a stronger Japanese military – known as its “self-defence force” – and revising the country’s post-war pacifist constitution. The Japanese public has been displeased that Beijing has tried to equate contemporary Japan with its World War II past, he told Al Jazeera, when the Empire of Japan brutally colonised large swaths of East and Southeast Asia. He called Takaichi’s remarks “erroneous”, adding they “openly challenge the victorious outcomes of World War II and the post-war international order and constitute a serious violation of the purposes and principles of the Charter of the United Nations”.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/5/australia-hails-shared-vision-as-defence-minister-set-to-visit-japan?traffic_source=rss
Article: Australian Defence Minister Richard Marles will head to Japan on Saturday for talks with his Japanese counterpart, Shinjiro Koizumi, as the allies seek to advance bilateral defence cooperation amid growing tension in the Asia Pacific. An Australian government news release on Friday said Canberra is seeking to make early contact with the new administration of Prime Minister Sanae Takaichi, adding that Australia and Japan have a “shared vision for our region” amid “increasingly complex global challenges”. At a media briefing ahead of the meeting, Koizumi said, “We plan to share the understanding of the regional situation between the two countries and hold concrete discussions for further progress in Japan-Australia defence cooperation.” In August, Australian Prime Minister Anthony Albanese’s government granted a contract to Japanese firm Mitsubishi Heavy Industries to construct 11 Mogami-class frigates. The deal represents the most significant defence export Japan has undertaken since lifting its military export ban in 2014, as it moves further away from its post-World War II pacifist stance. Described as “larger and more lethal” than Australia’s current Anzac-class frigates, Mogami-class warships are advanced stealth frigates capable of launching long-range missiles and have an operational range of up to 10,000 nautical miles (18,520km). The Australian military intends to use the Mogami-class frigates to secure vital maritime trade routes and reinforce its northern defences across the Indian and Pacific oceans – regions where China continues to expand its military presence. Relations between Beijing and Canberra have proven fraught over the past decade, with the period marked by repeated disagreements over national security and competing interests across the vast Pacific region. Though attempts have been made to improve ties – with Chinese President Xi Jinping declaring that relations had “turned around” as he hosted Albanese in Beijing in July – tensions remain, most notably in the disputed South China Sea. Meanwhile, relations between Japan and China have deteriorated to their lowest point in years over recent weeks after Prime Minister Takaichi remarked in parliament that a hypothetical Chinese attack on Taiwan could prompt a military reaction from Tokyo. A US official said on Thursday that the Pentagon has finished its review of the plan to deliver nuclear-powered submarines to Australia and identified areas to place the initiative on the “strongest possible footing”.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/5/china-france-pledge-cooperation-as-xi-joins-macron-in-trip-to-chengdu?traffic_source=rss
Article: Chinese President Xi Jinping and his French counterpart Emmanuel Macron have pledged deeper cooperation on global issues, as the two leaders met ahead of France’s hosting of the Group of Seven (G7) summit next year. Xi hosted Macron on Friday in the southwestern city of Chengdu, state media said, in a rare instance of the head of the world’s second-largest economy accompanying a guest beyond the capital, Beijing. As Macron wrapped up his three-day visit to China, he and his wife, Brigitte, met the Chinese presidential couple for lunch in a more relaxed setting compared with the previous day. Macron began his day in Chengdu on Friday by surprising fellow joggers in the city’s Jincheng Lake Park, videos circulating on Chinese social media showed, before joining Xi at the Dujiangyan dam, state media reported. Macron said he was “very touched” by Xi’s gesture, a departure from official protocol, after he hosted Xi in the Pyrenees in May 2024, a place where Macron spent time as a child. In an interview with Al Jazeera, Andy Mok of Beijing’s Center for China and Globalization, said that the visit highlights the importance of promoting “trade cooperation” between France and China, but also between greater Europe and China. On Thursday, the two leaders had met at the more solemn Great Hall of the People in Beijing, where tough discussions on ending the Russian invasion of Ukraine and international trade took place. “We are facing the risk of the disintegration of the international order that brought peace to the world for decades, and in this context, the dialogue between China and France is even more essential than ever,” Macron said on Thursday. “I hope that China will join our call, our efforts to achieve, as soon as possible, at the very least a ceasefire in the form of a moratorium on strikes targeting critical infrastructure,” he said. Brigitte Macron, for her part, will visit the Chengdu Research Base of Giant Panda Breeding, where two 17-year-old pandas, loaned to France in 2012 as part of China’s “panda diplomacy”, have just returned.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/5/more-heavy-rain-slows-sri-lankas-recovery-after-deadly-cyclone?traffic_source=rss
Article: Intense rainfall in Sri Lanka has complicated recovery efforts in the wake of a powerful cyclone last week that killed hundreds and left tens of thousands displaced, according to officials. More than 130mm (5.1 inches) of rain poured down in southern Sri Lanka over 15 hours on Thursday, said local authorities, with more heavy downpours expected across southern and southwestern areas on Friday. The cyclone killed at least 486 people, damaged more than 50,000 homes and pushed 170,000 people into relief centres, according to the country’s Disaster Management Centre (DMC) and local officials. ‘What are we going to do?’ In Sri Lanka, residents evacuated from the landslide-prone central hills have been told not to return immediately to their homes, even if they were unaffected by the deluge, as the mountainsides remained unstable. Advertisement “I have lost my house, and my crop … What are we going to do?” Prasanna Shantha Kumara, staying in a relief centre with his family, told the Reuters news agency. The official in charge of the recovery, Prabath Chandrakeerthi, commissioner-general of essential services, said authorities were paying 25,000 rupees ($81) to clean a home, with costs of reconstruction as much as $6-7bn. The state-owned Daily News reported 75mm (3 inches) of rain is expected today across some southern and southwestern areas – including the urban west coast around the commercial capital, Colombo.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/indonesias-north-sumatra-floods-satellite-photos-11160301
Article: Heavy monsoon rains across Southeast Asia in recent weeks have turned Sumatra, Indonesia’s westernmost island, into one of the hardest-hit areas, in a recurring natural disaster that appears to be worsening by the season. Meteorologists had warned of warmer ocean temperatures increasing rainy season downpours, but the formation of Cyclone Senyar over the Strait of Malacca, off Sumata’s east coast, compounded the weather disaster. “What might have once been manageable seasonal extremes became lethal when these torrents met degraded catchments and eroded hillsides,” Sasmita wrote in a commentary for the website Climate Home News. Indonesia experienced a significant increase in deforestation in 2024, with approximately 175,400 hectares of forest cover lost, a rise of 54,300 hectares from the previous year, The Jakarta Post newspaper reported in March, citing data from the country's Forestry Ministry. Parts of neighboring Thailand and Malaysia, to the east, and Sri Lanka, to the west, have also been hit by extreme weather in Southeast Asia in recent days, with hundreds of people killed.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/roswell-airport-nm-fire-aersale-11160415
Article: Firefighters said they had the huge blaze at an AerSale facility near the Roswell International Air Center in New Mexico under control on Thursday night, as dramatic footage shared on social media showed the scale of the inferno. City of Roswell Emergency Management said in a post on Facebook that crews would remain at the site "for several hours, please continue to avoid the area." This is a developing article.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/new-york-city-officers-face-charges-fatal-shooting-128126594
Article: Two New York City police officers won't be charged in the shooting death of a 19-year-old during a mental crisis last year This image made from New York Police Department body camera footage released by the New York Attorney General's Office shows an officer pointing his gun at Win Rozario in Rozario's family home on March 27, 2025, in the Queens borough of New York. (New York Police Department/New York Attorney General's Office via AP) This image made from New York Police Department body camera footage released by the New York Attorney General's Office shows an officer pointing his gun at Win Rozario in Rozario's family home on March 27, 2025, in the Queens borough of New York. (New York Police Department/New York Attorney General's Office via AP) Two New York City police officers won't be charged in the shooting death of a 19-year-old man during a mental health crisis last year as his mother and brother begged the officers not to open fire, state Attorney General Letitia James' office said Thursday. Win Rozario was shot five times by the officers at his family's home in Queens on March 27, 2024, as he came at them while holding scissors in his hand, police body camera video showed. The Office of Special Investigation in James' office concluded in its report that “a prosecutor would not be able to disprove beyond a reasonable doubt that the officers’ use of deadly force against Mr. Rozario was justified and, therefore, will not seek charges.” The report also said that the reasonableness of the fear the officers, Salvatore Alongi and Matthew Cianfrocco, had when Rozario came at them with the scissors could not be disproven beyond a reasonable doubt. “State Attorney General Letitia James’ cowardly decision not to indict NYPD Officers Matthew Cianfrocco and Salvatore Alongi for murdering our beloved son and brother, Win Rozario, feels like we’re watching Win get murdered all over again," they said in a statement released by the Justice Committee advocacy group. “The NYPD should not be engaging with people experiencing a mental health episode.” The attorney general's office did not immediately respond to a request for reaction to the family's comments Thursday evening. He noted the officers are facing potential discipline and added, "What today’s decision does not change is our obligation to do everything in our power to ensure this does not happen again, our commitment to delivering the social services New Yorkers deserve, and our investment in both genuine public safety and justice for all.” After the officers entered Rozario's home, Rozario grabbed a pair of scissors in the kitchen and took a few quick steps toward the officers, prompting one of them to fire a Taser, the police body camera video showed. Patrick Hendry, president of the Police Benevolent Association of the City of New York, a police union, said the attorney general's office made the right call in not prosecuting the officers.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/lifeguards-rescue-dog-swept-sea-rip-current-off-128128789
Article: A pup that was swept out to sea by a rip current must be feeling doggone lucky after her unlikely rescue off the San Diego coast Lifeguards rescue dog swept out to sea by rip current off San Diego coast This photo released by San Diego Fire-Rescue shows owner Alexis reuniting with Sadie, a black Labrador retriever-mix, after Sadie was rescued from the water near Mission Beach, San Diego, Nov. (San Diego Fire-Rescue via AP) This photo released by San Diego Fire-Rescue shows owner Alexis reuniting with Sadie, a black Labrador retriever-mix, after Sadie was rescued from the water near Mission Beach, San Diego, Nov. (San Diego Fire-Rescue via AP) SAN DIEGO -- A pup that was swept out to sea by a rip current must be feeling doggone lucky after her unlikely rescue off the San Diego coast. Sadie, a black Labrador retriever-mix, stole away from the home where her owners were staying during a football game last month, the San Diego Fire-Rescue Department said in a social media post. While her owners tracked Sadie down the coast using an Airtag on her collar, surfers in Ocean Beach alerted lifeguards that a dog had been swept into the rip current near the jetty, officials said. “She was tired.” Sadie, who was about a half-mile (0.8 kilometers) offshore near South Mission Beach when she was found, was transferred to a surf boat that brought her to shore, where she was reunited with her owners, officials said. “And we kind of just started crying right away.” Sadie's paws and nails were badly damaged from trying to climb onto the jetty, so Barcellos and Valdez had to carry her around for about a week, Barcellos said Thursday. But she has been in great spirits and this week Sadie made her first trip to the pet store since the rescue to pick out a treat and took her first 1.5 mile (2.4 kilometers) walk.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/sheriff-bond-hearing-year-after-charged-killing-kentucky-128122562
Article: A judge has refused to dismiss the murder indictment against a former Kentucky sheriff charged with gunning down a judge in his courthouse chambers Ex-sheriff to get bond hearing more than a year after being charged with killing a Kentucky judge A judge refused to dismiss the murder indictment against a former Kentucky sheriff accused of gunning down a judge in his courthouse chambers, but will allow a bond hearing for the ex-lawman now jailed for more than a year, according to rulings released Thursday. At the upcoming bond hearing, defense attorneys cannot discuss the contents of a sealed mental health evaluation of former Letcher County Sheriff Shawn “Mickey” Stines, said Circuit Judge Christopher Cohron. Cohron said in the ruling Wednesday that "a bail hearing is not a trial rehearsal.” In granting the defense request for the bond hearing, the judge said: “The court will first hear evidence to determine whether the defendant is bailable. If the defendant is found to be bailable, the court may then consider setting a bond.” Stines is accused of killing District Judge Kevin Mullins in September 2024 at the courthouse in Whitesburg. Prosecutors have responded that Stines is not entitled to a bond, citing a section of Kentucky’s constitution that says the right to bail doesn’t apply to people charged with a capital offense. Authorities haven’t revealed a possible motive for the shooting that stunned residents of Whitesburg, an Appalachian town about 100 miles (145 kilometers) southeast of Lexington, Kentucky, near the Virginia border. In a document written a few days after the shooting, a social worker who met with Stines in jail said he had remained in “an active state of psychosis” and didn’t appear to understand the criminal charge against him.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/hong-kong-holds-legislative-election-sunday-after-fire-128128166
Article: The deadliest fire in Hong Kong in decades is putting pressure on Beijing’s governance system in the city Banners promoting the Hong Kong Legislative Council General Election hang near the site of the fire at Wang Fuk Court in the Tai Po district of Hong Kong on Wednesday, Dec. (AP Photo/Chan Long Hei) Banners promoting the Hong Kong Legislative Council General Election hang near the site of the fire at Wang Fuk Court in the Tai Po district of Hong Kong on Wednesday, Dec. (AP Photo/Chan Long Hei) HONG KONG -- The deadliest fire in Hong Kong in decades is piling pressure on Beijing’s “patriots-only” governance system, casting a shadow on elections widely seen as a further step to tighten control over the city's legislature. Sunday's vote to elect new lawmakers to Hong Kong's 90-member Legislative Council comes just 11 days after a massive fire engulfed seven towers in a high-rise apartment complex, killing at least 159 people in the financial hub's worst blaze since 1948. The pro-Beijing camp praised the new model’s efficiency, but Hong Kong think tank POD Research Institute in September said its survey showed growing public concerns about the quality of debate in the legislature. The Associated Press found that at least 26 of 161 candidates, or 16%, held positions in Chinese-funded businesses without declaring party affiliations — almost double the figure reported by local newspaper South China Morning Post in the 2021 election. Among all candidates, 16 are delegates to China's top legislature — more than double from the last election — and 13 others are members of China's top political advisory body. Hong Kong leader John Lee maintained that personnel changes in the election are normal during a change of term, and condemned attempts by “opposing forces” to smear the election with accusations of interference. Incumbent finance lawmaker Ronick Chan, an adviser at Bank of China (Hong Kong) Limited, whose parent company is a state-owned commercial bank, said working in Chinese-funded enterprises does not conflict with serving as a legislator. “That helps Hong Kong better understand the central government’s concerns and facilitates the city's service to and integration into national development.” His rival Ip Tsz-kin, who works in the Bank of Communications (Hong Kong) — also affiliated with another state-owned bank — told the SCMP that candidates must work for Hong Kong's future development regardless of their company background. “That makes it very difficult for the authorities to better the thirty percent, and so probably it will be lower." ___ AP video journalist Ayaka McGill contributed to this report.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Business/wireStory/long-running-corruption-case-former-south-african-president-128127292
Article: Former South African President Jacob Zuma and French arms manufacturer Thales have returned to court to appeal for the dismissal of the long-running corruption case against them What to know about the long-running corruption case of former South African President Zuma FILE - Former president Jacob Zuma is seen at the Results Operation Center in Midrand, Johannesburg, South Africa, on June 1, 2024. (AP Photo/Themba Hadebe, File) JOHANNESBURG -- Former South African President Jacob Zuma and his co-accused, the French arms manufacturer Thales, returned to court on Thursday to appeal for the dismissal of the long-running corruption case against them. Zuma, one of the key figures of the South African liberation struggle who served as president from 2009 to 2018, is accused of corruption in connection with an arms transaction in 1999. Here's what to know about the case: Zuma faces 18 charges, including corruption, fraud, and money laundering, linked to 783 alleged illegal payments he received from Thales (formerly Thomson-CSF) and business owner Schabir Shaik. In a potentially groundbreaking development, the National Prosecuting Authority is arguing before Judge Nkosinathi Emmanuel Chili this week that Zuma and Thales should be blocked from using appeals to further delay the trial. Zuma’s defense attorneys have also contended that without the testimony of two crucial Thales executives in the case — former directors Pierre Moynot and Alain Thetard, who died in 2020 and 2022 — they won’t be able to mount a meaningful defense. In October this year, the former president was ordered to pay back $1.6 million (R28.9 million) in legal fees that were unlawfully funded by the state for his personal corruption case defense.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Business/wireStory/chaos-erupts-indian-airports-countrys-largest-airline-cancels-128133253
Article: Chaos has gripped major Indian airports as passengers of IndiGo, the country's biggest airline, face massive flight disruptions Passengers wait outside the Indira Gandhi International Airport in New Delhi, India, as several Indigo Airlines flights were either cancelled or delayed, Thursday, Dec. (AP Photo/Manish Swarup) NEW DELHI -- Chaos gripped major Indian airports Friday as passengers of the country’s biggest airline, IndiGo, scrambled to cope up with widespread flight disruptions and cancellations triggered by newly enforced rules limiting working hours for crew and pilots. Bose told The Associated Press he was now taking a nine-hour train ride to the city Bagdogra, where he plans to get a flight to New Delhi on another airline. In an internal email to employees this week, seen by The Associated Press, IndiGo CEO Pieter Elbers apologized, and cited technology glitches, schedule changes, adverse weather conditions, heightened congestion and the implementation of the new rules as the reasons for flight disruptions. The Civil Aviation Ministry said in a statement that the disruptions arose primarily through misjudgment and planning gaps as the airline implemented phase two of the new rules, and that the airline acknowledged that the effect on crew strength exceeded their expectations.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Business/wireStory/creative-director-dario-vitale-exits-versace-days-after-128126788
Article: Creative director Dario Vitale is leaving Italian fashion brand Versace only eight months after he was appointed, the company said in a statement Thursday By The Associated Press A man walks with a Prada shopping bag in front of a Versace shop, at the Montenapoleone luxury fashion street, in Milan, Italy, Tuesday, Dec. “We would like to sincerely thank Dario for his outstanding contribution to the development of the brand’s creative strategy during this transition period, and we wish him all the very best in his future endeavors,” Versace said in a statement. He was only the third creative director after Gianni Versace, who was killed in 1997, and his sister Donatella Versace, who assumed the role after his death until Vitale took over.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Entertainment/wireStory/cary-hiroyuki-tagawa-actor-performed-mortal-kombat-died-128131605
Article: Cary-Hiroyuki Tagawa, actor who performed in 'Mortal Kombat,' has died at 75 FILE - Cary-Hiroyuki Tagawa gestures after arriving at the world premiere of NBC's new police series "Hawaii" on Waikiki Beach in Honolulu, Hawaii, Aug. My heart is with his family, friends, and all who loved him.” Tagawa's decades of film and TV roles truly got off the ground in 1987 when he appeared in Bernardo Bertolucci’s Oscar-winning film “The Last Emperor." Since then, he appeared in such films as “Pearl Harbor,” “Planet of the Apes” and “License to Kill." Tagawa was raised mostly in the U.S. “The good news for Asian actors and Hollywood is that it’s better than it’s ever been, but the bad news is that it hasn’t changed that much,” he told Midweek in 2005. “The opportunities haven’t increased that much, but commercially there’s more exposure.” Tagawa played the Baron in “Memoirs of a Geisha,” a 2005 movie based on the bestselling novel chronicling a young girl’s rise from poverty in a Japanese fishing village to life in high society. Some critics said the movie lacked authenticity, but Tagawa said it was unrealistic to expect a fictional work written and directed by Americans to fully reflect Japanese style and sensitivities.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Entertainment/wireStory/trinidad-tobagos-steelpan-makes-comeback-new-generation-embraces-128132242
Article: A percussion instrument created in Trinidad and Tobago in 1939 is experiencing a revival as a new generation embraces its vibrant sound Trinidad and Tobago's steelpan makes a comeback as a new generation embraces its sound PORT-OF-SPAIN, Trinidad -- The steelpan, a percussion instrument created in Trinidad and Tobago in 1939, is making a comeback as a new generation embraces its bright, melodious sound on stage and on the dance floor. The steelpan — or pan, for short — is “sexy again,” he told The Associated Press on a recent afternoon as he sat in the living room of his family’s home surrounded by a piano, a tenor steelpan and photos of his late father. “When I’m going through dark times or whatever, it’s like I can go home, stand behind my pan, run some scales, run some music and it will make me feel better,” she said. At Panland, a company that’s been making the steelpan for over 30 years, workers say a steelpan can now be made in a 9-to-5 shift with the help of power tools, a powerful flame-thrower and mobile apps. “The powder coating is more durable in certain circumstances or situations than the chrome, although people might think otherwise, but chrome is very susceptible to moisture and rusting,” said Michael Cooper, Panland's president.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/05/taiwan-bans-chinese-social-media-app-xiaohongshu-for-one-year-on-fraud-risks.html
Article: Taiwan's interior ministry said in a statement that it will block access to Xiaohongshu, also known in English as Rednote, calling it a potential "high-risk area for online shopping fraud." Authorities linked the platform to about 1,700 fraud cases that caused financial losses of over 247.7 million New Taiwan dollars ($7.9 million) since 2024, the ministry said. The ministry also urged international platforms such as Google to "completely cease publishing Xiaohongshu advertisements." Authorities reminded the public not to download the app or stop using it if already installed. In a Facebook post, Cheng Li-wun, chairwoman of the opposition Kuomintang party, said the move "significantly [restricts] Internet freedom," and described the ban on Xiaohongshu as "a starting-point for building the Great Wall of the Internet," by the ruling Democratic Progressive Party.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/gavin-newsom-responds-after-halle-berry-says-he-should-not-be-president-11160413
Article: California Governor Gavin Newsom has said that he has “deep admiration” for Halle Berry’s advocacy and is "reconciling this" after he received a sharp rebuke from the Oscar-winning actor who warned he “probably should not be president.” During her address at the New York Times’ DealBook Summit on Wednesday, Berry took aim at the Democratic Governor's recent decision to veto Assembly Bill 432, which would have extended insurance coverage for menopause-related care and treatment in California. “In my great state of California, my very own governor, Gavin Newsom, has vetoed our menopause bill not one, but two years, in a row,” the 59-year-old actor and women’s health advocate said, “but that’s OK because he’s not going to be governor forever,” she told the audience. In a comment to Newsweek, a spokesperson for Newsom said the governor shares Berry’s goal to expand access to menopause care “that too many women struggle to get.” Newsom, the spokesperson said, “vetoed the bill because, as written, it would have unintentionally raised health care costs for millions of working women and working families already stretched thin—something he’s determined to avoid. “We’re confident that by working together this year, we can expand access to essential menopause treatment while protecting women from higher bills.” The California legislature is expected to address what the governor’s spokesperson called a “critical issue” in the upcoming budget which is expected to be released on January 10. The governor also said that Berry did not know a bill to address expanding access to menopause care in the state was already put in the budget for next year.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cedx2p8gnx9o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Deep-sea mining tests impact over a third of seabed animals - scientists 49 minutes ago Share Save Georgina Rannard Climate and science correspondent Share Save Natural History Museum/ University of Gothenburg A brittlestar found on the seafloor of the Clarion-Clipperton Zone Machines mining minerals in the deep ocean have been found to cause significant damage to life on the seabed, scientists carrying out the largest study of its kind say. Natural History Museum/ University of Gothenburg This sea urchin was one of the more than 4,000 creatures found The research by scientists at the Natural History Museum in London, the UK National Oceanography Centre and the University of Gothenburg was conducted at the request of deep sea mining company The Metals Company. So obviously, if you're removing the sediment, you're removing the animals in it too," lead author Eva Stewart, PhD student at the Natural History Museum and the University of Southampton, told BBC News. Natural History Museum/University of Gothenburg The scientists catalogued all the animals they found in the sediment, including this worm "Even if they are not killed by the machine, pollution from the mining operations could slowly kill some less resilient species," said Dr Guadalupe Bribiesca-Contreras from the National Oceanography Centre. "We were expecting possibly a bit more impact, but [we didn't] see much, just a shift in which species were dominant over others," Dr Adrian Glover, research scientist at the Natural History Museum, told BBC News. Natural History Museum/University of Gothenburg An abyssal sea spider was another of macrofauna found during the research "​We're ​encouraged ​by these ​data," a spokesperson for The Metals Company told BBC News. "I think the study shows that current technologies for harvesting are too damaging to permit large-scale commercial exploration," Dr Patrick Schröder, senior research fellow at the Environment and Society Centre at think tank Chatham House, told BBC News. The latest research took place in the Clarion-Clipperton Zone, a 6m sq km area of the Pacific Ocean estimated to hold over 21bn tonnes of nickel, cobalt and copper-rich polymetallic nodules. Natural History Museum/University of Gothenburg An abyssal sea star was also found during the research Some fear that before we have the chance to explore the full nature of life in the undiscovered deep ocean, it could be endangered.

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/12/05/nx-s1-5634466/eurovision-contest-israel
Article: At least 4 countries pull out of 2026 Eurovision contest over Israel's participation toggle caption Martin Meissner/AP GENEVA — Public broadcasters in Ireland, the Netherlands, Spain and Slovenia on Thursday pulled out of next year's Eurovision Song Contest after organizers decided to allow Israel to compete, putting political discord on center stage over a usually joyful celebration of music. The walkouts came after the general assembly of the European Broadcasting Union — a group of public broadcasters from 56 countries that runs the glitzy annual event — met to discuss concerns about Israel's participation, which some countries oppose over its conduct of the Israel-Hamas war in Gaza. Sponsor Message At the meeting, EBU members voted to adopt tougher contest voting rules in response to allegations that Israel manipulated the vote in favor of their contestants, but took no action to exclude any broadcaster from the competition. The feel-good pop music gala that draws more than 100 million viewers every year has been roiled by the war in Gaza for the past two years, stirring protests outside the venues and forcing organizers to clamp down on political flag-waving. "Next year, we're going to see the biggest political boycott of Eurovision ever." Vuletic, author of "Postwar Europe and the Eurovision Song Contest," predicted "tense" weeks and months ahead as other countries contemplate joining the walkout and protests set to overshadow the contest's 70th anniversary in Vienna next May. A report on the website of Icelandic broadcaster RUV said its chiefs would meet next Wednesday to discuss whether Iceland would take part: Its board last week recommended that Israel be barred from the event in the Austrian capital. The broadcasting union said it was aware that four broadcasters — RTVE in Spain, AVROTROS in the Netherlands, RTÉ in Ireland and Slovenia's RTVSLO — had publicly said they would not take part. Controversy over Israel Israeli President Isaac Herzog said on social platform X that he was "pleased" Israel will again take part, and hoped "the competition will remain one that champions culture, music, friendship between nations and cross-border cultural understanding." "Thank you to all our friends who stood up for Israel's right to continue to contribute and compete at Eurovision," he added. AVROTROS, the Dutch broadcaster, said the participation of Israel "is no longer compatible with the responsibility we bear as a public broadcaster." Spain's RTVE said the situation in Gaza — despite the recent ceasefire — and "Israel's use of the contest for political purposes, make it increasingly difficult to maintain Eurovision as a neutral cultural event." RTÉ said Ireland's participation "remains unconscionable given the appalling loss of lives in Gaza" and the humanitarian crisis there. toggle caption Martin Meissner/AP Some broadcasters — which run their country's news programs and wanted Israel kept out — cited killings of journalists in the conflict in Gaza and Israel's continued policy of denying international journalists access to the territory. Israeli broadcaster KAN's chief executive Golan Yochpaz questioned whether EBU members are "willing to be part of a step that harms freedom of creation and freedom of expression." KAN officials said the Israeli broadcaster was not involved in any prohibited campaign intended to influence the results of the latest song contest in Basel, Switzerland last May — when Israel's Yuval Raphael placed second. Sponsor Message The war in Gaza has been its biggest challenge, with pro-Palestinian protesters demonstrating against Israel outside the last two Eurovision contests in Basel, Switzerland, in May and Malmo, Sweden, in 2024. Opponents of Israel's participation cite the war in Gaza, which has left more than 70,000 people dead, according to the territory's Health Ministry, which operates under the Hamas-run government and whose detailed records are viewed as generally reliable by the international community. A boycott by some European broadcasters could have implications for viewership and money at a time when many broadcasters are under financial pressure from government funding cuts and the advent of social media. The controversy over Israel's 2026 participation also threatens to overshadow the return next year of three countries — Bulgaria, Moldova and Romania — after periods of absence because of financial and artistic reasons.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/czech-populist-billionaire-andrej-babi-move-business-trust-128120809
Article: Czech Populist billionaire Andrej Babiš says he plans to transfer his major businesses to an independent trust to become prime minister again Czech populist billionaire Andrej Babiš to move business to a trust to become prime minister FILE - This photo combination shows Czech Prime Minister Andrej Babis, left, March 7, 2019, in Washington and Czech Republic's President Petr Pavel in Washington, July 10, 2024.. (AP Photo/Evan Vucci, Matt Rourke) FILE - This photo combination shows Czech Prime Minister Andrej Babis, left, March 7, 2019, in Washington and Czech Republic's President Petr Pavel in Washington, July 10, 2024.. (AP Photo/Evan Vucci, Matt Rourke) PRAGUE -- Populist billionaire Andrej Babiš said on Thursday he would get rid of his major businesses by moving them to an independent trust in order to be able to become the prime minister again. “I’ve decided to irrevocably give up the Agrofert company, with which I will never have anything to do again, I will never own it, I will have no economic relations with it, and I will not be in any contact with it,” he said. He said an independent trustee will be in charge of Agrofert in a trust fund while it will be under control of an independent protector until he dies and then his descendants will inherit it. Pavel asked Babiš last month to form a new government after his ANO (YES) movement won parliamentary election and said last week he was ready to swear him in as prime minister within a week if the businessman clarifies how he plans to avoid a conflict of interest.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Entertainment/wireStory/ecuadors-otavalo-indigenous-people-anime-inspire-pride-ancient-128121042
Article: In the Ecuadorian Andes, young Otavalo Indigenous people are using anime to inspire pride in their culture and language Ecuador's Otavalo Indigenous people use anime to inspire pride in their ancient culture and language Yarik Sisa, an artist with Yay Animación, works on "Aya Somos," the first Quichua animated short, blending Otavalo culture with Japanese-style anime, in Hatun Rumi, Ecuador, Wednesday, Dec. (AP Photo/Dolores Ochoa) Yarik Sisa, an artist with Yay Animación, works on "Aya Somos," the first Quichua animated short, blending Otavalo culture with Japanese-style anime, in Hatun Rumi, Ecuador, Wednesday, Dec. (AP Photo/Dolores Ochoa) JATUN RUMI, Ecuador -- High in the mountains of the Ecuadorian Andes, a group of young Otavalo Indigenous people is using anime to inspire pride in their ancient culture and language, especially among Otavalo children. They produced an animated short film titled “We’re Aya” that follows the adventures of Aya, a mythical Otavalo warrior, and other characters who interact under the watchful eye of a condor — an iconic bird for Andean Indigenous cultures that symbolizes power and energy. Inspired by the work of legendary Japanese animator Hayao Miyazaki, the story takes place in the mountains of Imbabura, a province in the northern Andes that is home to the Otavalo people, known for their handicrafts and textiles. Tupac Amaru, director and producer of the 9-minute film, said the movie is part of an effort to maintain Otavalo customs and language, which began to erode as globalization created a more interconnected world and influenced their culture. Yarik Sisa, creative manager for the film, said the story is inspired by ancestral practices that have survived the passage of time, including taking musical instruments to energetic points of the land the night before a celebration so that the instruments are endowed with “soul.” The film also includes characters such as Ayaruku, which represents an indomitable spirit; Ayawa, a representation of the sublime and the feminine; and Ayaku, a child symbolizing tenderness. The film then shows an Indigenous grandfather talking to his granddaughter who promises her elder she will become a woman strong as a rock and a defender of their culture. The team behind “We’re Aya” hopes to release more films and even video games in Quichua in the coming years and even enter the international video game market with games “made by Quichuas in a Quichua environment,” said Malkik Anrango, the film's creative director. ____ Follow AP’s coverage of Latin America and the Caribbean at https://apnews.com/hub/latin-america ____ This version has been updated to correct the name of the film’s creative director to Malkik Anrango.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/05/stoxx-600-ftse-100-on-dec-5-fed-meeting-ukraine-deal-in-focus.html
Article: Expectations of a quarter-point cut have surged in the past two weeks, with money markets now pricing in an 87.1% chance of policymakers trimming their key interest rate, according to the CME's FedWatch tool. Monetary policy focus will turn back to Europe the following week, with the Bank of England, the European Central Bank, Sweden's Riksbank and Norway's Norges Bank all scheduled to publish their own interest rate decisions on Dec. CNBC reported on Thursday that European Union officials were looking at ways to use frozen Russian assets to provide further support to Kyiv – a move that Dmitry Medvedev, deputy chairman of Russia's Security Council, said would be tantamount to an act justifying war. Data due out of Europe on Friday includes a print on European Union GDP growth, as well as figures on German factory orders, France's balance of trade and Italian retail sales.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/05/cnbc-daily-open-its-a-rich-nvidias-world.html
Article: In this economy?" But this problem does not seem to extend to the world's most valuable company Nvidia, which is sitting on a problem most of us would like to have: having too much cash. And this is even after splashing out billions of dollars on stakes in companies: $1 billion for Nokia, $5 billion for Intel, $10 billion for Anthropic—and a jaw-dropping $100 billion commitment to OpenAI still under discussion. Nvidia, which has gone from a niche maker of graphic cards to the world's most valuable company, has also made $37 billion in buybacks and dividends, with a further $60 billion authorised.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/liveblog/2025/12/5/live-israel-sets-military-budget-at-34bn-keeps-attacking-gaza?traffic_source=rss
Article: blinking-dot Live updates Live updates, LIVE: Israel sets military budget at $34bn as it keeps attacking Gaza People in the enclave fear the resumption of the full-scale genocidal war as Israeli ceasefire violations persist.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/5/putin-increasingly-belligerent-as-truce-talks-flounder-ukraine-war-rages?traffic_source=rss
Article: “Most of the city of Kupiansk is under the control of Ukrainian troops,” said Ukraine’s Joint Forces Task Force, a command structure responsible for the defence of Kharkiv, rebutting Russia’s claim. The reported Russian advances came on the eve of US envoy Steve Witkoff’s arrival in Moscow for peace talks with Yury Ushakov, a key aide to Russian President Vladimir Putin. “The brazen statements of the leadership of the aggressor country about the ‘seizure’ of these settlements by the Russian army are not valid,” the General Staff said, decrying them as “propaganda” to influence participants of “international negotiations”. Ukrainian commander-in-chief Oleksandr Syrskii went further, saying Ukraine had blocked Russian infiltration into Kupiansk, and was “working on gradually pushing the enemy out of their bridgehead north of the city”. Advertisement But as Ukraine’s military commanders denied claims of further losses, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy’s government was rocked again by the latest dismissal of a high-profile political figure over corruption allegations. Putin and Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov have said that the original plan was the outcome of talks between US President Donald Trump and Putin at a summit in Alaska last August. Putin’s aide Ushakov told journalists the US-Ukrainian talks had reduced the points to 20, and broken up the list into four separate documents, but that Russia had agreed to nothing. Although Moscow’s forces have conquered less than 2 percent of Ukraine in the past two years at an estimated cost of hundreds of thousands of casualties, Putin appears to believe time is on his side. Capture of Pokrovsk ‘good base’ for war aims: Putin The conquest of Pokrovsk, Putin told journalists on Tuesday, was “a good base for achieving all the objectives set at the beginning of the special military operation”, suggesting Russia’s war goals remained unchanged. He threatened to “cut Ukraine off from the sea,” a clear reference to Odesa and Mykolaiv, Ukraine’s only remaining littoral territory, the seizure of which appears to have been part of the original Russian invasion plan. “But if Europe suddenly wants to fight us and does, we’re ready right now.” He suggested the Russian military was pacing itself in Ukraine to give peace talks a chance. “This isn’t war in the literal, modern sense of the word.” At the 22nd annual Valdai Discussion Club, an annual academic conference in Moscow, Putin said the war in Ukraine had effectively created a multipolar world he described as “a much more open, one might even say creative, space for foreign policy behaviour. Zelenskyy’s adviser for sanctions policy, Vladyslav Vlasiuk, said Russian crude oil production was expected to decrease by 5 percent by the end of the year, and that exports had fallen by 15 to 20 percent.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/sports/2025/12/5/ukrainian-diver-lyskun-switches-allegiance-to-russia-loses-all-medals?traffic_source=rss
Article: “They discredit not only an individual athlete, but also the entire team of Ukraine which every day selflessly fights for the right to represent our country in the international arena. “The Diving Federation of Ukraine will also appeal to international sports institutions with a requirement to apply sports quarantine to this athlete in accordance with current international standards,” it added. Lyskun won a 10-metre synchronised diving gold for Ukraine with Kseniia Bailo at last year’s European aquatics championships in Belgrade, as well as team gold at the 2018 event in Glasgow. Russian and Belarusian athletes were banned from World Aquatics events after Moscow’s 2022 invasion of Ukraine, but some of their athletes competed as neutrals in the Paris Olympics as the restrictions were eased.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/trump-lifts-iran-visa-ban-2026-world-cup-draw-11160414
Article: preparing to co-host next year’s tournament alongside Canada and Mexico, these issues take on added significance as Iran heads into its fourth straight World Cup finals, which begins on June 11. Iranian Sports Minister Ahmad Donyamali confirmed that key members had received approval, saying: “Our representatives have a visa and should participate in the World Cup draw.” Trip Details and Event Timing Following the minister’s announcement, state media reported that Ghalenoei would be joined by Omid Jamali, the FFIRI’s head of international relations. What People Are Saying Ahmad Donyamali, Iran's sports minister, said on Thursday: “Our representatives have a visa and should participate in the World Cup draw.” Andrew Giuliani, head of the White House task force on the World Cup, told reporters on Thursday: “The president has, in his executive order, certainly named Iran as one of the countries whose teams will be exempt to come here.” What Happens Next With Iran’s participation confirmed, attention now turns to how U.S.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/future-home-us-b-21-nuclear-bomber-receives-upgrade-11160371
Article: The base, originally assigned a fleet of 17 B-1B bombers, was selected in 2021 as the first operating base in the United States and the location of a training unit for B-21 bombers, which are designed to conduct penetrating conventional and nuclear strikes. Why It Matters The B-21 bomber—also known as the Raider in honor of the Doolittle Raiders, who are known for their 1942 surprise attack on Japan during World War II—are set to be a key part of the U.S.'s nuclear triad, along with land-based missiles and submarines, providing what the Pentagon calls "a credible and flexible nuclear deterrent" against adversaries. nuclear forces modernization effort, which also includes a new intercontinental ballistic missile and a next-generation ballistic missile submarine, amid Russian and Chinese nuclear advances, including tests of novel weapons and the unveiling of more capable missiles. Air Force's 28th Bomb Wing said it held a ribbon-cutting ceremony on Wednesday to mark the completion of a $129.5 million runway construction upgrade at Ellsworth Air Force Base, which began in December 2024. Colonel Erick Lord, the 28th Bomb Wing commander, said the significant infrastructure upgrades to the runway would ensure the base's survivability for "at least the next 50 years" and enable it to operate B-21 bombers, the first U.S. While the runway was closed for rebuilding, the base's B-1B bombers and 800 airmen were relocated to Grand Forks Air Force Base in North Dakota, where they continued to support taskings and carry out the 28th Bomb Wing's long-range strike mission. Our engineers and construction partners worked closely with the 28th Bomb Wing every day to keep this effort on track and to ensure the finished runway meets the standards required for decades of reliable use." Colonel Erick Lord, the U.S. No matter where our aircraft and Airmen are stationed, the 28th Bomb Wing resides on the forward edge of American air power." What Happens Next The B-21 bomber program is in the testing phase, as the second flight test aircraft arrived at Edwards Air Force Base in California in September, allowing the Air Force to expand testing to the bomber's critical mission and weapons systems.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/football/articles/cp39qxv1y7no?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: After purchasing the US franchise for a discounted £15.6m from MLS - part of a financial package he negotiated when he joined LA Galaxy in 2007 as a player - the former England skipper officially launched the club in 2018, before they made their MLS debut in March 2020. Now, having signed arguably the world's greatest player Lionel Messi in 2023, Inter Miami are on the brink of winning the league's greatest prize when they play Thomas Muller's Vancouver Whitecaps in the MLS Cup final on Saturday.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/5/makeshift-movie-screenings-in-gaza-city-bring-children-out-of-the-ruin?traffic_source=rss
Article: Children in Gaza City, traumatised from more than two years of mass bombardment and displacement, the loss of family, friends and the destruction of their homes and schools in Israel’s genocidal war on Gaza, are getting a brief reprieve through a local cinema initiative. “So we are trying to make them skip the scenes, the hard scenes that they were living during the war in Gaza.” Israeli attacks in Gaza have killed at least 20,000 children and left tens of thousands more injured since October 7, 2023, according to Gaza’s health authorities. I came out of the war, and they are giving us many activities, including cinema … and we really enjoyed it,” Sara Abu Sharbi, a displaced girl in the camp, told Al Jazeera, against a backdrop of flimsy tents and rubble-strewn buildings. Palestinian filmmaker Mustafa al-Nabih, who is also taking part in the initiative, said he believes art, like cinema, is a way for children to hold on to hope and imagination.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/cary-hiroyuki-tagawa-cause-of-death-what-we-know-after-actor-dies-age-75-11160602
Article: Cary-Hiroyuki Tagawa, the Tokyo-born actor whose long career included roles in “Mortal Kombat,” “Memoirs of a Geisha,” and “The Man in the High Castle” series, has died at the age of 75. According to his manager Margie Weiner, who confirmed his passing in an email shared by several outlets on Thursday, Tagawa died from complications due to a stroke he recently suffered. “I had the privilege of representing Cary-Hiroyuki Tagawa for many years as his long-time manager, but our relationship grew into something far deeper — he became like family,” Weiner said in an email shared by Rolling Stone.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/pete-hegseth-drug-boat-strikes-caribbean-pacific-11160554
Article: Andrew Kolvet, spokesman for the conservative youth group Turning Point USA, had posted to X: "Every new attack aimed at Pete Hegseth makes me want another narco drug boat blown up and sent to the bottom of the ocean." After U.S. SOUTHCOM Confirms New Boat Strike Amid September 2 Scrutiny Southern Command said four people were killed in the latest strike, bringing the death toll from the series of operations to at least 87 since they began in September—a campaign in the Caribbean and eastern Pacific that the Trump administration says is aimed squarely at narcotics traffickers. Navy Admiral Frank Bradley, who oversaw the September 2 strike, told lawmakers on Thursday there was no order from Hegseth to kill everyone when striking boats, disputing earlier media reports.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/letitia-james-reacts-legal-win-bank-fraud-false-statement-charges-lawsuit-11160622
Article: New York Attorney General Letitia James has responded after a federal grand jury declined to reindict her on bank fraud and false statement charges, marking the second time prosecutors have refused to advance the case. I will keep doing my job standing up for New Yorkers." Prosecutors are not barred from seeking another indictment, though the back-to-back setbacks raise questions about the viability of continuing the case.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/tech-entrepreneur-jon-slavet-to-run-for-california-governor-11160408
Article: What To Know California will elect a new governor in November 2026 during the midterm elections because Gavin Newsom, a Democrat who has served in the role since 2019, is term-limited. Asked if he supported President Donald Trump, Slavet said: "I think Donald Trump is brilliant, brash, I think that he’s shaking up America in a way that needs to be done because our government is very calcified and I’d welcome his endorsement." But he said when it comes to California, "we have to run California our one way." He said he wanted his five children to have "a beautiful vision and future and realize their California so I’ve decided to get in because my background is uniquely well suited to touring California around." In terms of changes, he spoke of high electricity bills because of a "constrained energy policy," and the need to boost energy production, including oil, while protecting the environment, to reduce costs. What People Are Saying Slavet told CNN: "The most important thing to look at is who can actually win, a Republican, in November…I believe that I can.” What Happens Next California’s gubernatorial primary election will be on June 2, 2026.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/navy-reveals-what-caused-fighter-jets-losses-middle-east-what-to-know-houthis-truman-11160306
Article: On April 28, a towing tractor and attached F/A-18E Super Hornet slipped off the carrier and sank into the Red Sea after falling from a hangar while the Harry S. Witnesses reported a loud explosion and saw sparks and flames as the jet went overboard, while below deck, the crosshead ejected from the sheave damper, ‘spinning like the Tasmanian devil’ in what was described as an ‘entirely preventable’ mishap, according to USNI. As we reflect on these incidents and ongoing improvement efforts, the Navy remains laser-focused on producing battle ready Sailors and forces to ensure the Navy provides our nation with the most lethal, combat-credible, and ready force possible." A Navy report stated about the May 6 incident, according to USNI: "This mishap was entirely preventable had the commanding officer and air department on USS Harry S. Truman, the hard reality is that multiple individuals at all levels of leadership were complicit in allowing the ALRE Maintenance Program to degrade to the level of abject failure." A senior Navy official told reporters Thursday, according to USNI: "I assure you that accountability actions were taken across all the operators involved in this.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c4g6348qegxo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: LGBT survivors tell of 'barbaric' NHS shock therapy 2 hours ago Share Save Hayley Hassall North West Investigations Share Save Jeremy Gavins Survivor Jeremy Gavins in 1972, around the time he was having Electric Shock Aversion Therapy More than 250 people were subjected to painful electric shocks, designed to change their sexual preferences and gender identity, in NHS hospitals between 1965 and 1973, the BBC has discovered. Pauline Collier Pauline Collier was given electric shock treatment aged 19 because she was gay and, now aged 80, says she was "psychologically vulnerable" at the time What is Electric Shock Aversion Therapy? Through the BBC's extensive research, old medical journals and books written by doctors in the 1960s and 70s have been studied to extract the data that mentions the use of this treatment on gay and transgender people. Pauline Collier, 80, recalls that the moments of time before receiving a shock would leave her "very anxious and very frightened" Ms Collier, who was 19 when treated at Crumpsall Hospital in Manchester, said: "You could either get the electric shock immediately as the photograph came up, or you could get it after 30 seconds. And there were these three important doctors telling me that they could get rid of this thing inside me." She added: "I don't think they ever said, 'We'll be sitting you in a chair and giving you electric shocks'. And I think, at the time, I was just so psychologically vulnerable that I just accepted it all." Jeremy Gavins was referred by his GP to a hospital, where he was given electric shock treatment aged 17 that he says left him unconscious Mr Gavins, now 72, was 17 years old when he was referred by his GP to Lynfield Mount Hospital, in Bradford. He said, 'Did it hurt?' and I said, 'Yes' and he said, 'Good, it's meant to'." A list of organisations in the UK offering support and information with some of the issues in this story is available at BBC Action Line. When he was asked to describe the pain, he said: 'It's like somebody sticking a jagged knife in the side of your arm and scraping it down." Mr Gavins says the trauma has lasted a lifetime. "I have PTSD [post traumatic stress disorder], which gives me shooting pains in my arms and down my side, I've suffered terrible depression, I've never had a relationship 50 years later. I was too frightened." However, after he wrote to his old school - which told him he would be expelled if he did not go for the therapy - asking for an apology, he received a written response from the Roman Catholic Diocese of Leeds acknowledging his suffering, the lack of compassion from members of the school clergy at the time, and offering a "heartfelt" apology. At the age of 17, Carolyn Mercer confided to a local priest that she felt female rather than male Carolyn Mercer says she has always felt female despite being born male and, at the age of 78, having lived most of her life as a man. It was cruel, barbaric punishments - torture, not therapy." Like a 'cottage industry' Recent research by Prof Hel Spandler, a leading historian of psychiatry and LGBT+ health, suggests ESAT practice was far more widespread than previously documented. While the BBC has found records confirming more than 250 cases, Prof Spandler's analysis of medical archives and oral histories indicates the true figure could be close to 1,000 cases across the UK. PA Lord Smith has called for a government apology Lord Smith told the BBC: "The use of forced electric shock aversion therapy to try and change someone's sexual orientation, just 50 or 60 years ago, is horrifying. "The country, and the NHS, should at the very least make a formal apology." He added: "We were supposed to be a civilised country, but this was quite simply inhumane." Conversion practices still happening In 2017, NHS England and the Royal College of Psychiatrists pledged to stop practising conversion therapy, including electric shock treatment. According to campaigner Saba Ali: "People are still tortured and hurt in the name of conversion therapy." The government has promised to draft a bill to end conversion practices by the end of this year, but it has not happened as yet. Minister for Equalities Olivia Bailey says conversion practices "have no place in society and must be stopped" As a result of our investigation, the BBC understands the government will now investigate the historical use of electric shock therapy in the NHS. "All people deserve to live freely and without fear, shame or discrimination, and as a member of the LGBT+ community myself, I will work tirelessly to ensure that is the case." The trial conducted at Crumpsall Hospital was overseen by academics at Manchester University. "Knowing this, however, can only add to the trauma of those who had to endure such treatment, and we would like to express our regret and sorrow for being part of that environment." Bradford District Care NHS Foundation Trust did not wish to comment on Mr Gavins' case but referred the BBC to a "collective memorandum of understanding" that a number of health, psychotherapy and counselling organisations, including NHS England and the Royal College of Psychiatrists, have agreed.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c3e05enn9jqo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Residents remain out of 200 homes in major incident 13 minutes ago Share Save Liam Barnes and Dan Hunt , East Midlands Share Save BBC Residents had to leave their homes while police dealt with the incident in Derby Residents evacuated from 200 properties in Derby have spent a night away from their homes after a major incident was declared and two men were arrested on suspicion of explosives offences. Residents in the affected areas had to find alternative accommodation Police said a controlled explosion was carried out at about 16:00 GMT on Thursday, with Derby City Council confirming accommodation had been arranged for affected residents for Thursday night "and the coming days". Harrington Street, from Holcombe Street to Vulcan Street; Baseball Drive, up to Columbo Street, and Cambridge Street at Reeves Road and Shaftesbury Crescent were also included within the exclusion area. Jacob King/PA Wire Police have thanked residents for their "understanding and response" Residents were able to access their homes for short periods of time until 08:00 on Friday following confirmation from British Army officers that it was safe to do so. Amjad Ashraf, who runs the Pakistan Community Centre, said about 50 families had come in on Thursday afternoon, and told the BBC many had found alternative accommodation for the night. Amy Anderson, who lives on Shaftesbury Crescent and is six months pregnant, told the BBC she spent the night at her mum's house with her son, and said she felt like she was "in limbo". "I'm hoping we'll be able to get back in today, but I left the property thinking we would be able to get in last night, so I don't really know," she said. Reuters/Temilade Adelaja Derbyshire Police said on Thursday evening that residents would be able to access their homes temporarily for urgent items until 08:00 on Friday A multi-agency meeting is scheduled to take place at 08:00 and once that briefing has occurred, a further update would be released, police said. A police spokesperson told the BBC it had released this information in line with national guidance around forces being encouraged to disclose the ethnicity and nationality of suspects to combat misinformation.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/05/cloudlfare-is-investigating-issues-with-dashboard-and-related-apps.html
Article: Sites including outage monitoring site Downdetector, professional networking platform LinkedIn, digital currency exchange Coinbase and online publishing platform Substack were among those that appeared to be impacted by the issue. The outage comes less than three weeks after a similar Cloudflare crash caused error messages across the internet, an issue that the company said was "unacceptable" at the time, given the importance of its services.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/05/meet-binances-new-co-ceo-yi-he-the-mysterious-and-omnipresent-life-partner-of-cz.html
Article: Yi He, who co-founded Binance with former head Changpeng Zhao in 2017 and has children with the crypto mogul, will now split duties with acting CEO Richard Teng, who announced the news this week. Teng, who was appointed amid intense regulatory scrutiny of Binance and crypto more broadly, notably had a background in financial regulation and services, formerly holding a senior regulatory role at Singapore's central bank. "[Yi He] has been there from the start, and she has been driving a lot of changes and driving the growth of Binance," Teng told CNBC's Dan Murphy on Wednesday shortly after the announcement. In her letter written in Chinese, Yi He identified herself as CZ's business partner and "the mother of his three children." She claimed that she met CZ at a public blockchain event in 2014, three years before Binance was founded. Binance said in a statement Wednesday that Yi He has "played a fundamental role in shaping Binance's vision and culture, guiding a strategy focused on users' needs and innovation." The company also included a public statement from Yi He, in which she emphasized her and Teng's "complementary perspectives and shared vision." "Together, we bring diverse perspectives and are confident in leading the future of the industry during this pivotal time, as we responsibly expand our global presence and drive sustainable innovation with our users always at the center," she said.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/video/quotable/2025/12/5/modi-strengthens-his-own-position-with-putin-meeting?traffic_source=rss
Article: “[Modi is] not going to change the direction of Indian foreign policy because [the] Trump administration does not like it.” Harsh Pant, from the Observer Research Foundation, discusses the first time Putin has visited India since the start of Russia’s full-fledged war on Ukraine in 2022.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/dwight-rhones-family-speak-after-human-remains-found-11160743
Article: Why It Matters Authorities have not said how many people the remains found at the home belonged to or whether the case has any connection to the murder charge Rhone is already facing. The brother said the family allowed Rhone to stay at the house on Newton Avenue, which he said his wife owned and allowed relatives to live at over the years. He is charged with murder, attempted robbery, illegally taking and driving a vehicle and using someone else’s personal information in the case, a spokesman for the San Diego district attorney’s office told The Times. The San Diego Police Department said the search was carried out after California Highway Patrol detectives “developed information leading investigators to suspect human remains were on the property.” Investigators with the police department’s Cold Case/Missing Persons Unit and the district attorney’s office assisted CHP and the Federal Bureau of Investigation with the search. What People Are Saying Suspect Dwight Rhone’s brother told ABC10: "Dwight's not a savory character – he's an unsavory character.” Rhone’s niece Antoinette Rhone told The Times: “He took care of everything when I went to high school and college.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/minnesota-senate-race-emerges-as-key-battle-in-democratic-party-civil-war-11159629
Article: However, beyond the race serving as an ideological proxy fight between Bernie Sanders-style progressivism and Bill Clinton-esque “Third Way” centrism, exists a dispute over how the party should approach campaigning in the era of big money politics, derived from the 2010 ruling in Citizens United v. Part of the discrepancy comes from Flannagan’s decision to shun corporate PAC money and focus on small-dollar donations, which she’s emphasized to contrast herself with Craig, whom she’s framed as a corporate Democrat tied to an establishment that has disappointed the party base. “Let's pass a law ending Citizens United and banning Super PACs in this country, but until we pass that law, you better bet I'm going to do everything in my power to make sure that I'm prepared to beat the Republican on the other side of me,” Craig told Newsweek. before taking office—said she has a proven track record of taking on businesses, as evidenced by her role founding the Monopoly Busters Caucus in Congress alongside an array of Democrats across the party’s ideological spectrum. While Minnesota holds the longest streak—since 1972—of voting for Democrats on the presidential level, Craig notes that statehouse control is tied between the two parties, and the left has just a one-seat majority in the state senate. Craig flipped her congressional seat in 2019 after it’d been held by Republicans for 18 years, which she said illustrates her ability to appeal to a broad electorate and defeat GOP opponents. Senate seat and sees Craig as a candidate who lacks a bold vision and benefits from those who fear a GOP win and are content “to nibble around the edges.” Beyond seeking the role to advocate for Minnesotans, as she notes she’s done throughout her adult life—whether as an organizer for the Native American community (to which she belongs) or as executive director of Minnesota’s Children’s Defense Fund—Flanagan said her desire to become senator stems from her belief that this race will shape the party’s future. “People get the fact that you can't say, ‘I’m going to lower the cost of prescription drugs and hold Big Pharma accountable’ on one hand while simultaneously having your other hand outstretched to ask people to fund your campaign.” According to FEC filings, Summitt PAC—a leadership PAC associated with Craig—has received donations from PACs tied to companies that produce pharmaceuticals, like Johnson & Johnson and Abbott Laboratories. She notes she wrote the bill that capped the out-of-pocket cost of insulin at $35 per month, which was ultimately included in the Inflation Reduction Act and signed into law. Craig emphasized that from 2023-2024, Flanagan chaired the Democratic Lieutenant Governors Association (DLGA)—the group responsible for electing Democrats to lieutenant governorships—where she accepted a variety of corporate donations on behalf of that group, including from pharmaceutical organizations. Flanagan said as head of the DLGA and a representative of her peers in fellow positions, she did not have unilateral authority to turn down such funding and said the decision she made regarding her own campaign reflects her values. Alex Plechash, chair of the Minnesota Republican Party, told Newsweek he doesn’t have a preference for which candidate his party would like to face in the general election and doesn’t see one as having a “distinct advantage” over the other. He said public safety and fraud will be two key issues Republicans plan to focus on, and sees neither as having a great track record on either matter, saying both represent separate, unpopular ideologies. “Angie Craig and Peggy Flanagan represent two wings of that same failed party—one of them funded by corporate PACs and the other driven by far-left ideology, and Minnesota families deserve leadership that delivers safety, accountability, and affordability, not a DFL civil war.” Yet, a "civil war" appears to be what this race is bringing. On one side, Craig has the endorsements of former Speaker Nancy Pelosi, former Transportation Secretary Pete Buttigieg, House Democratic Leader Hakeem Jeffries, and senators Tammy Baldwin of Wisconsin, Ruben Gallego of Arizona, Andy Kim of New Jersey, and Jacky Rosen of Nevada, among others. On the other side, Flanagan has the endorsements of former Secretary of the Interior Deb Haaland, Minnesota Attorney General Keith Ellison, Minnesota State Auditor Julie Blaha, and senators Bernie Sanders of Vermont, Elizabath Warren of Massachusetts, Ed Markey of Massachusetts, Martin Heinrich of New Mexico, Jeff Merkley of Oregon, Chris Murphy of Connecticut, and Chris Van Hollen of Maryland. Neither candidate accepts the notion that they are part of the Democratic establishment and both refrained from committing to support Senate Democratic Leader Charles Schumer if he seeks another term as the upper chamber’s top leader on the left. Who wins will largely depend on whether Minnesota Democrats want someone like Craig, who’s channeling the 2025 campaign instincts of governors-elect Abigail Spanberger of Virginia and Mikie Sherrill of New Jersey, or someone like Flanagan who echoes the vibe of New York City mayor-elect Zohran Mamdani. “I’ve always been a little bit hard to define as the lesbian mother of four who decided that I was going to step off the leadership team of a company during Trump's first run to flip a seat that had been in Republican hands,” Craig said. “I sold every piece of stock I owned before I was sworn in because I believe so fundamentally that members of Congress should not be holding individual stocks … and I bucked the party seniority system when I ran and became the ranking member of the Agriculture Committee.” Flanagan said, “I was the first Native American woman to chair a national party committee in history and grew [the DLGA], and now we lieutenant governors are the bench of the Democratic Party.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/gen-z-social-media-celebrities-cigarette-smoking-11149726
Article: They’re popping up across social media in edits of celebrities and iconic TV characters, like Sex and the City's Carrie Bradshaw, making cameos on the runway and appearing in fashion content. A July 2024 study found that 64 percent of legal drinking-age Gen Zers in the United States said they had not consumed alcohol in the six months leading up to May that year. And indeed, social media platforms like TikTok and Instagram proliferate a seemingly endless roster of wellness trends, be it the great "lock in"—focusing on bettering yourself from September to the end of the year—the "75 Hard" 75-day health and fitness plan or the "clean girl" aesthetic. The Cigarette Renaissance While there is no hard data reflecting that Gen Zers are taking up the practice of smoking, social media suggests that they like the way it looks and are sharing that with all their “friends"—true to form for the digital generation. Style Analytics, an Instagram account which shares data-driven insights on the fashion industry, shared a post in November where they reported that searches for the term “smoking pose” on Pinterest had risen by 70 percent year-on-year among people aged 18 to 24 in the U.S. “I think the first real point where smoking started to creep back into the culture was during last year’s 'brat summer,’ which marked a clear shift away from the ultra-sanitised 'clean girl aesthetic’ that dominated the years before," Molly Rooyakkers, who runs the Style Analytics account, told Newsweek over email. “After a long stretch of covid-era slick buns and Pilates content ruling social media, there was this noticeable (online, at least, much harder to know what’s actually happening in real life) drift toward more hedonistic behaviour,” Rooyakkers said. Celebrities being open about smoking online ultimately serves as social proof that you can embody that image yourself, and maybe, just maybe, you’ll look as cool as they do,” Oviatt added.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/weather/articles/cn5lk2512gyo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: When the Moon is in "perigee" - or near its closest point to Earth - and that coincides with a full Moon, fully illuminated by the sun's light, we call it a supermoon.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/czdr8r7d7vmo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: 2 hours ago Share Save David Silverberg Technology Reporter, Toronto Share Save Sow Good With the right process chewy sweets can be turned crunchy When Savannah Louise West first tasted freeze-dried gummies, she was intrigued. Ms West is describing one of the main features of this spin-off candy that independent and major confectionary manufacturers have been releasing onto shelves, both online and offline, for the past three years. Candy is usually chewy or glassy but place a familiar sweet like Skittles through the right process and you can turn it into a crunchy snack, like crisps, while also enhancing its sweet or tangy flavour. "Our customer demographic is mainly under 45 as they've likely heard about this type of candy on TikTok or other social platforms, and wanted to try something that is going viral," says Zachry Barlett, a partner at TheFreezeDriedCandyStore.com, a Missouri-based online business that sells crunchy varieties of peach rings, gummy worms and ice cream. "When the product reaches what we call the glass transition point, the ice crystals within the candy shift from ice to vapour at the speed of sound," Ms Goldfarb adds.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c17x52v812po?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: 5 hours ago Share Save James Delaney BBC Scotland Share Save BBC Scaffolding surrounding the hotel on George IV Bridge may not be fully removed until 2027 On one of the busiest tourist streets in the heart of Scotland's historic capital sits a monolith of scaffolding. Radisson Hotels Unwrapped - how the hotel appears scaffold-free on the Radisson website The 136-bedroom hotel was built on the site of the former Lothian Regional Council offices in 2009. Google Google The G&V Hotel under construction in September 2008 Work on the hotel began in 2020, not long after the start of the Covid pandemic An update to the council's transport and environment committee in January this year suggested that the process of "uncovering" the façade would begin in February, with a full removal by the end of the year. "We are working closely with all parties to ensure we deliver an improved site for the community." Rowan Brown, director of heritage body the Cockburn Association, said the work had added to the city's reputation of being "slow" for development. "I don't understand why there is not some attempt to bring it into the streetscape or create something more artistic and avant-garde." Pedestrians have been forced to walk down a narrow covered walkway on part of the street A project spokesperson said work on "solutions to aesthetically improve the site" was ongoing.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/football/articles/cdxe5g1r1rvo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: "He is always in my mind to either start or to come off the bench." Salah scored 29 times as Liverpool won the Premier League in Slot's first season in charge last campaign. But he was an unused substitute when Liverpool returned to winning ways at West Ham last Sunday, and again started from the substitutes bench for the 1-1 home draw at home to Sunderland on Wednesday. Asked if he understands the talk around Salah after being dropped, Slot added: "The chatter, yes because he deserves that, he has been so influential for me and six or seven years. "He is still a fantastic player and we still have to remember there is a reason why he has been so successful at the club and we have to respect that," Van Dijk said after the Sunderland draw. It's not like you have unlimited credit, everyone has to perform." Liverpool start the weekend ninth in the table, 11 points behind leaders Arsenal, after two wins in nine league games.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/cricket/videos/c36zx57gj5po?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Cameron Green 'gifts' England a wicket, opening up and exposing the stumps to Brydon Carse as Australia sit on 291-4 on day two of the second Ashes Test in Brisbane.

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/12/05/g-s1-100622/trump-franklin-nuns-youtube-hegseth-spotify-news-quiz
Article: Find out in the quiz toggle caption Esme Nicholson for NPR; Anna Moneymaker/Getty Images; Philippe Wojaze/AFP via Getty Images This week, you'll need to be knowledgeable about rogue nuns, portraiture techniques, and beloved Canadian icons — and that's just three questions.

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/12/05/nx-s1-5633268/fifa-world-cup-draw-soccer
Article: Here's why it matters — and how it will work toggle caption Fabrice Coffrini/AFP via Getty Images It's one of the most anticipated events ahead of the 2026 World Cup. The draw will be attended by the three leaders of the countries hosting the event, including President Trump, in an event that has become quite the spectacle over the years. In addition, in a quirk for this year's tournament, FIFA has determined that the top two-ranked teams — Spain and Argentina — will be placed in groups that would end up on opposite sides of the tournament bracket should they each win their respective groups. But there will be interesting storylines to watch outside the favorites, including Curaçao, which became the smallest country to qualify for the World Cup, with a population of just over 150,000 people. Its most recent record marks a big improvement after a rocky period under coach Mauricio Pochettino and previous coach Gregg Berhalter, which included an early exit from last year's Copa America regional tournament.

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/12/05/nx-s1-5611164/traffic-congestion-record-high
Article: But the delay kind of has a different feel to it than it did before," said David Schrank, a senior research scientist at the Texas A&M Transportation Institute, which has tracked congestion since the 1980s in its annual Urban Mobility Report. Traffic on Mondays tends to be noticeably lighter than on the other weekdays, he said, while Thursday has nearly caught up with Friday as the heaviest traffic day of the week. While some truck traffic shifted toward off-peak hours during 2020 and 2021, the most recent data shows that truck-related delays during rush hour are climbing back toward their pre-pandemic level. "If you're going to contribute to the excessive congestion during the peak and the evening rush hours perhaps, you're going to be paying more for the tolls," said Robert Puentes, a vice president and transportation expert at the Brookings Institution.

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/12/05/g-s1-100844/npr-battles-trump-executive-order-in-court
Article: NPR battles Trump executive order in court toggle caption Andrew Harnik/Getty Images In public, the Trump administration is on the attack against the media by launching investigations, restricting press access in government buildings and creating websites slamming critical news coverage of the president. At a key court hearing in Washington, D.C., NPR's lawyers accused President Trump of acting illegally on May 1 when he issued an executive order demanding an end to all federal subsidies for NPR and PBS. As Boutrous noted in court, Trump's executive order is titled: "Ending Taxpayer Subsidy of Biased Media." In it, Trump stated : "Which viewpoints NPR and PBS promote does not matter. What does matter is that neither entity presents a fair, accurate, or unbiased portrayal of current events to taxpaying citizens." Federal lawyers say Trump's motivation includes reasons beyond coverage The summary judgment hearing represented an opportunity for each side to shape the contours of a trial, should the presiding judge order one. In court filings and during Thursday's hearing, the Justice Department team representing Trump and other federal officials named as defendants did not dispute that the president acted because he believed NPR and PBS were biased. Over the summer, Trump successfully pushed Republicans in Congress to pull back all future federal funding already approved for public media on a party-line vote - $1.1 billion in all. "You'd be on much firmer ground if the president had simply said, 'We just want to get out of the news business." The National Endowment for the Arts canceled a grant for NPR that had already been disbursed to the network, simply to make the point they were in line with Trump's decree, Moss said. For more than a half-century, most federal money for public media has been funneled through the non-profit Corporation for Public Broadcasting, which has a bipartisan board whose members are nominated by the president and confirmed by the U.S. The three stations that have joined NPR as plaintiffs in the suit capture the appeal and reach of the broader public radio system: the statewide Colorado Public Radio , which is based in Denver; Aspen Public Radio which broadcasts throughout the Roaring Fork Valley; and KSUT , originally founded by the Southern Ute Indian Tribe and now serving four federally recognized tribes in the Four Corners region in Arizona, Colorado, New Mexico and Utah. According to sworn testimony from a CPB executive, the official spoke of her disdain for NPR and warned the corporation's chairperson not to "throw the baby out with the bathwater." Within a day, a senior CPB executive told NPR it would not receive a multi-year contract worth $35.9 million to provide satellite distribution of content to public radio stations. Moss challenged some arguments made by the legal team for NPR and three Colorado public radio stations that joined its suit, drilling down to determine what specific remedy they were seeking. Government deflects judge's suggestion The judge also appeared to offer the government a way out for a major part of the case, dangling the prospect that it might enable him to avoid ruling that Trump's executive order was illegal. government could formally agree that the CPB settlement with NPR was binding on the federal government too - that it would never seek to prevent CPB from sending money to the radio network if federal subsidies were to be somehow restored. In the absence of such a binding promise, Moss suggested, the president could easily undo the settlement someday, given his assertion that he can fire the board of the CPB.

Link: https://feeds.texastribune.org/link/16799/17223628/texas-measles-outbreak-spread-elimination
Article: “A lot of people worked very hard for a very long time to achieve elimination — years of figuring out how to make vaccines available, get good vaccine coverage, and have a rapid response to outbreaks to limit their spread,” said Paul Rota, a microbiologist who recently retired from a nearly 40-year career at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. Kennedy Jr., a lawyer who founded an anti-vaccine organization before taking the helm at the Department of Health and Human Services, has undermined the ability of public health officials to prevent and contain outbreaks by eroding trust in vaccines. “Do we want to go back into a prevaccine era where 500 kids die of measles each year?” asked Demetre Daskalakis, a former director of the CDC’s national immunization center, who resigned in protest of Kennedy’s actions in August. HHS spokesperson Andrew Nixon said in a statement that vaccination remains the most effective tool for preventing measles and that the “CDC and state and local health agencies continue to work together to assess transmission patterns and ensure an effective public health response.” Looking for links CDC scientists are indeed tracking measles, alongside researchers at health departments and universities. “We are working with the CDC and other states to determine whether what we’re seeing is one large outbreak with continued spread from state to state,” said Kelly Oakeson, a genomics researcher at the Utah Department of Health and Human Services. Canada lost its measles-elimination status in November because authorities couldn’t prove that various outbreaks from the D8-9171 strain were unrelated, said Daniel Salas, executive manager of the comprehensive immunization program at the Pan American Health Organization. “We will ask questions, like, ‘How did you determine your findings, and did you consider other angles?’” In anticipation of PAHO’s assessment, Oakeson and other researchers are studying how closely the D8-9171 strains in Utah match others. Although the Texas and Utah outbreaks are caused by the same strain, Oakeson said, “more fine-grained details are leading us to believe they aren’t super closely related.” To learn just how different they are from each other, scientists are comparing them with measles virus genomes from other states and countries. “Confirmed cases require testing, and in some communities, there’s a cost to going to the hospital to get tested: a tank of gas, finding a babysitter, missing work,” Andrew Pavia, an infectious disease doctor at the University of Utah, said. “If your kid has a measles rash but isn’t very sick, why would you bother?” Subtle surveillance Pavia is part of a nationwide outbreak surveillance network led by the CDC. “In a collaborative setting, we could administer questionnaires asking if anyone in a household had a rash and other measles symptoms,” Pavia said, “but the same issues that make it difficult to get people to quarantine and vaccinate make this hard.” Instead, Pavia and other researchers are analyzing genomes. The CDC hasn’t held a single press briefing on measles since President Donald Trump took office, and its last publication on measles in the agency’s Morbidity and Mortality Weekly Report was in April. Rather than act fast to limit the size of the Texas outbreak, the Trump administration impeded the CDC’s ability to communicate quickly with Texas officials and slowed the release of federal emergency funds, according to investigations by KFF Health News. Nixon, the HHS spokesperson, said Kennedy responded strongly to the Texas outbreak by directing the CDC to help provide measles vaccines and medications to communities, expediting measles testing, and advising doctors and health officials. “Preliminary genomic analysis suggests the Utah and Arizona cases are not directly linked to Texas,” the CDC’s acting director, Deputy HHS Secretary Jim O’Neill, wrote on the social platform X. “I think they will do everything they can to cast doubt on the scientific findings, even if it means throwing scientists under the bus.” KFF Health News is a national newsroom that produces in-depth journalism about health issues and is one of the core operating programs at KFF — the independent source for health policy research, polling, and journalism.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Technology/satellite-boom-growing-threat-space-telescopes-nasa-study/story?id=128114915
Article: Light from the half a million satellites that humanity is planning to launch into Earth's orbit in the coming years could contaminate almost all the images taken by space telescopes, NASA astronomers warned. “Before these satellites become operational, we need to figure out what would be the consequences for the telescopes and if there is any way that we can mitigate any problem.” Satellites reflect sunlight, Earthshine, infrared and radio waves. To understand the scale of the problem, researchers simulated approximately 18 months of telescope observations under the assumption that low-Earth orbit would be crowded by 560,000 satellites, a situation that could arise in the coming decade. NASA/AFP via Getty Images NASA’s latest finding highlights a growing tension between expanding satellite networks and the ability of space telescopes to study distant galaxies, planets, and other key astronomical targets. “Sure, you can do that,” Borlaff stressed, but anytime you change an image, in this case to remove a satellite trail, “the information under those pixels is forever lost.” In a more congested low-Earth orbit, that lost information adds up and some of it can never be recovered.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Business/wireStory/edinburgh-airport-flights-operating-due-issue-128134219
Article: Edinburgh Airport says no flights are operating on Friday morning due to computer problems in the air traffic control system Edinburgh Airport says no flights are currently operating due to an IT issue The Associated Press By The Associated Press LONDON -- Edinburgh Airport says no flights are operating on Friday morning due to computer problems in the air traffic control system.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/05/nvidia-partner-foxconn-reports-26percent-revenue-spike-as-ai-boom-continues.html
Article: Foxconn , a key Nvidia partner in its artificial intelligence buildout, saw its revenue spike 26% year-on-year in November, as demand for servers continued to ramp up amid the AI boom. The Taiwanese company, also known as Hon Hai, is the world's largest contract electronics manufacturer and makes the servers that hold chips in data centers, as well as assembling Apple's iPhone. A longstanding partner to many of the world's largest tech companies including Nvidia and Apple, Foxconn has become a key player in the rollout of AI infrastructure in recent times.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/05/5-stocks-that-goldman-sachs-gives-over-70percent-upside-in-the-coming-year-.html
Article: They are: Autonomous vehicle chipmaker Horizon Robotics China's Horizon Robotics could see an upside of 94% thanks to an upgrade in its product mix, designed to "capture high end smart-driving demand," according to Goldman. Weaker-than-expected performance in its AI servers business and electric vehicle services poses risks to the company's performance, Goldman said, as does a slower ramp-up of global capacity and "fiercer-than-expected" competition in manufacturing consumer electronics. In December, analysts expect an upside as high as 90%, calling Zalando an "online channel shift winner with underappreciated upside from About You acquisition." The About You deal was completed earlier this year. Goldman's managing director Richard Edwards "continues to believe the market under-appreciates Zalando's ability to drive both topline performance" and earnings before interest and taxes margin expansion, and "thinks that its current valuation is too low" for a business which should grow earnings 20% each year for the next five years, the note said. The investment bank has a buy rating on the name, which has a 12-month price target of $123 due to future cash flows, earnings multiples and possible M & A value. Goldman's note said its analyst, Mo Moawalla, "thinks the company is investing for future growth and maintains a positive view on its robust structural growth story with multiple upside levers." Analysts will be watching its third-quarter financial year 2026 trading update in January.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/video/newsfeed/2025/12/5/putin-and-modi-discuss-trade-and-peace-at-summit-talks-in-india?traffic_source=rss
Article: Putin and Modi discuss trade and peace at summit talks in India NewsFeed Putin and Modi discuss trade and peace at summit talks in India India’s Prime Minister Narendra Modi welcomed Russian President Vladimir Putin in New Delhi as talks began on boosting trade with India, the top buyer of Russia’s arms and seaborne oil.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/5/who-is-brian-cole-arrested-for-planting-pipe-bombs-in-washington-in-2021?traffic_source=rss
Article: Brian Cole, a 30-year-old man from Virginia, the United States, has been arrested for planting two pipe bombs in Washington, DC, during the Capitol riots on January 6, 2021, the US Justice Department said on Thursday morning. At about 1pm (18:00 GMT) on January 6, 2021, US law enforcement agencies were alerted to a suspected IED having been placed in the vicinity of the Republican National Committee (RNC) headquarters in Washington, DC. According to the affidavit, both IEDs were pipe bombs made from 1‑inch by 8‑inch (2.5-20cm) pipes with end caps, containing red and black 14‑gauge electrical wires connected by alligator clips to a nine‑volt battery and battery connector, a white kitchen timer, paper clips, steel wool and homemade black powder. Though it had been nearly five years, our team continued to churn through massive amounts of data and tips that we used to identify this suspect,” said Darren Cox, a deputy assistant director in the FBI. Thousands of people were arrested, and more than 950 people were charged with federal crimes relating to the riot, with some facing accusations of seditious conspiracy – a rare but serious offence.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/5/pakistan-seeks-new-south-asian-bloc-to-cut-india-out-will-it-work?traffic_source=rss
Article: In effect, the proposal amounts to the creation of an alternative bloc focused on South Asia, with China added, at a time when the South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation (SAARC) — the region’s main grouping — has been made almost defunct by heightened India-Pakistan tensions in recent years. In June, diplomats from China, Pakistan and Bangladesh held trilateral talks focusing on regional stability, economic development and enhancing people’s lives, a cooperation they said was “not directed at any third party”. Hasina fled to India after being deposed in a popular uprising, and New Delhi has so far refused to send the former PM back to Bangladesh, where she was convicted by a tribunal in November of crimes against humanity and sentenced to death. Advertisement But will most other South Asian nations — SAARC consists of India, Pakistan, Bangladesh, Sri Lanka, Nepal, Maldives, Bhutan and Afghanistan — agree to a new regional grouping that appears aimed at cutting India out, or at least limiting its influence? Deputy Prime Minister Dar, who is also Pakistan’s foreign minister, said the trilateral initiative with Bangladesh and China aimed to “foster mutual collaboration” in areas of shared interest, and that the concept be “expanded and duplicated” to include more countries and regions. “Our own national development needs and regional priorities cannot – and should not – be held hostage to anyone’s rigidity, and you know where I am referring to,” he said, in an apparent reference to India. On tensions between Islamabad and New Delhi, Dar pointed out that a “structured dialogue” process between India and Pakistan has remained in limbo “for over 11 years”, adding that other regional states have had their share of a “seesaw relationship with our neighbour India”. The foreign minister said Pakistan envisions a South Asia where links and cooperation replace “divisions, economies grow in synergy, disputes are resolved peacefully in accordance with international legitimacy, and where peace is maintained with dignity and honour”. “But it signals Pakistan’s intent to diversify and reimagine regional cooperation mechanisms at a time when SAARC remains paralysed,” Akhtar, director at the Centre for Security, Strategy and Policy Research (CSSPR) at the University of Lahore, told Al Jazeera. Despite its lofty ambitions, the organisation has struggled to achieve its goals over the past 40 years, in large part due to the decades-long tensions between India and Pakistan, who have fought three full-scale wars since their independence from the British in 1947, which also coincided with the partition of the subcontinent. Advertisement The 19th SAARC summit in 2016, scheduled to be hosted by Islamabad, was indefinitely postponed after India pulled out, citing a deadly attack in Indian-administered Kashmir and holding Pakistan responsible. By contrast, trade between member states of ASEAN, a bloc of 11 Southeast Asian nations home to about 700 million people, represents 25 percent of their international commerce, the Washington-based institution noted. Since then, the grouping’s ability to come together has been limited to a few occasions, like during the COVID-19 pandemic when member states set up an emergency fund and set aside $7.7bn to help tackle the public health crisis. “If the two countries [India and Pakistan] were able to identify even limited avenues for cooperation in the service of broader regional interests, SAARC could, in principle, be revived,” analyst Farwa Aamer told Al Jazeera. After SAARC failed to approve a regional transport pact, Bangladesh, Bhutan, India and Nepal – in a grouping called the BBIN after the country initials – inked a similar agreement among themselves. “First, whether prospective states see functional value in smaller, issue-focused groupings at a moment when traditional architectures are stalled; and second, whether participation does not trigger political costs vis-a-vis India.” Akhtar said several South Asian countries may show tentative interest in Pakistan’s proposed regional initiative, though any move towards formal participation is expected to remain limited. “The country is in a moment of diplomatic agility,” she said, adding that “it has maintained strong relations with China while simultaneously cultivating renewed and improved ties with the United States and the Gulf”. “This dual-track engagement has given Islamabad a sense of confidence and the ambition to reassert itself as a significant regional actor, essentially, to reclaim a seat at the centre of regional diplomacy.”

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/5/hong-kong-student-union-suspended-over-calls-for-justice-for-fire-victims?traffic_source=rss
Article: A university in Hong Kong has suspended the operations of its student union after messages were posted on campus expressing condolences and urging justice for the victims of a major deadly fire. The Hong Kong Baptist University (HKBU) confirmed to the AFP news agency on Friday that it ordered the HKBU Student Union’s acting executive committee to suspend its operations “with immediate effect until further notice”. Hong Kong residents have been demanding answers from the city government after a fire that ripped through Wang Fuk Court in the city’s northern Tai Po district last week, killing at least 159 people in what was described as the world’s deadliest residential building fire since 1980. In a statement published by the Hong Kong Free Press (HKFP), HKBU cited the student union’s low membership rate, lack of a “strong commitment” to improve the welfare of students, and failure to “abide by the regulations” of the university on financial matters, as reasons for the indefinite suspension. In a separate statement published by HKFP on Friday, the union said membership has increased “sixfold” compared with last year, despite attempts by the university to block efforts by students to improve the union. Advertisement On Tuesday, social media users circulated photos of a message stuck onto a student union-run notice board, nicknamed the “democracy wall”, which expressed condolences for those killed in the fire. We ask the gov't to heed the public's call….so justice may be served." pic.twitter.com/kcKXK4gtG8 — Hong Kong Democracy Council (@hkdc_us) December 3, 2025 The wall was later blocked off by university security personnel with tall barricades, according to news reports from Hong Kong. Kevin, a HKBU student who declined to give his surname, told AFP that he found the noticeboard message to be “positive” and said it drew attention from students walking by before it was sealed off. But they either shrank their operations or were shut down entirely after a heavy crackdown by the authorities, and when Beijing imposed a national security law in Hong Kong in 2020 that critics say has curbed dissent in the autonomous Chinese city. The vote has been viewed by some analysts as a test of legitimacy for the Hong Kong government as it tries to soothe public anger over the fire and oversee an ongoing national security crackdown.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/politics/jd-vance/jd-vance-marriage-usha-strong-rcna247419
Article: “I think that we kind of get a kick out of it,” Vance said Thursday in an interview with NBC News when he was asked whether he was frustrated over a recent rash of tabloid-style headlines about the second lady’s being spotted without her wedding ring. “With anything in life, you take the good with the bad,” Vance added as he sat in his West Wing office, where photos of him and Usha Vance and their children line the tables around his desk. But our marriage is as strong as it’s ever been, and I think Usha’s really taken to it, and it’s been kind of cool to see how she’s developed and evolved in this new role.” The gossip mill migrated from social media to the Daily Mail, People and other publications last month after Usha Vance was photographed with a ringless ring finger during a visit to a military base with first lady Melania Trump. A spokesperson for the second lady explained to both outlets that she is “a mother of three young children, who does a lot of dishes, gives lots of baths, and forgets her ring sometimes.” The vice president weighed in on the spectacle with NBC News on Thursday when he was asked whether stories like that had been tough on the couple, who married in 2014. “I actually don’t think that it’s tough.” Vance related a more recent story from days earlier, when he and his wife were rushing to the White House before the second lady left for another event with Melania Trump. But it’s the sacrifice that we signed up for.” Vance, a former senator from Ohio, said their three children — ages 3, 5 and 8 — have responded differently to their new life in Washington. When we come to an event in the White House and he sees the cameras, he doesn’t love it, and so we try to keep him out of that limelight as much as possible. They always give him candy or cookies.” Usha Vance, who rarely grants interviews, has carved out a more public role in the Trump administration by spearheading a program to promote childhood literacy and development.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/tech/tech-news/la-parents-kids-school-issued-ipad-chromebook-los-angeles-rcna245624
Article: Her son’s school, like many in the Los Angeles Unified School District and across the country, provided an iPad to each student for use throughout the school day, even during band and gym class. But Byock said her son revealed that he used the iPad during school to watch YouTube and participate in Fortnite video game battles.“It makes no sense to me,” Byock said. “We’ve banned the cellphones, but it doesn’t matter, because the kids are using the school-issued devices in exactly the same way.” In February, the district’s ban on use of personal devices, including smartphones and smartwatches, went into effect. One mother described how her 6-year-old son had repeatedly wet himself in class when he got fixated on activities with his tablet, and another said her teenage son had gotten sucked into communicating with strangers online via popular websites and forums and at one point ran away from home with the school-issued iPad. Byock created a parent coalition called Schools Beyond Screens, which is organizing in WhatsApp groups, petition drives and actions at school board meetings and demanding meetings with district administrators, pressuring them to pull back on the school-mandated screen time. Los Angeles Unified is the first district of its size to face an organized — and growing — campaign by parents demanding that schools pull back on mandatory screen time. Alex Welsh for NBC News The discontent in Los Angeles Unified, the second-largest school district in the country, reflects a growing unease nationally about the amount of time children spend learning through screens in classrooms. While a majority of states prohibit children from using cellphones in class, 88% of schools provide students with personal devices, according to the National Center for Education Statistics, often Chromebook laptops or iPads. The parents hope getting a district that has over 409,000 students across nearly 800 schools to change how it approaches screen time would send a signal across public school districts to pull back from a yearslong effort to digitize classrooms. “I basically have reoriented my entire life and gone down this rabbit hole, because it’s so crazy to me what’s happening and that we’re just letting this happen,” Byock said. Superintendent Alberto Carvalho also cautioned at a recent board meeting “that restricting to some means eliminating,” echoing a doctrine dominant in education that public schools should ensure students of all socioeconomic backgrounds are equipped for a digital-first world. Contact Tyler Kingkade A district spokesperson said in a statement that teachers “have the flexibility to select from a variety of approved and vetted instructional resources based on the needs of their students,” as long as they follow guidelines. When concerns crop up, the spokesperson added, teachers should work directly with families to “adjust as appropriate according to students’ needs and instructional best practices.” Students in grade levels as low as kindergarten are provided iPads, and some schools require them to take the tablets home. Nick Melvoin, the Los Angeles school board member who wrote the 2024 phone ban resolution, the first of its kind for such a large district, said he has been considering proposing to prohibit students’ using devices until second grade after having heard from concerned parents. But with educational software in class, it’s not as simple, “because then if the pendulum swings too far; we’re doing kids a disservice.” When Los Angeles Unified began providing personal laptops and tablets to students a decade ago, district leaders described it as a “civil rights issue” to get children of all backgrounds on equal technological footing. The billion-dollar 2014 initiative to give tablet computers to everyone became a scandal after the bidding process appeared to heavily favor Apple, and it faced criticism once it became clear that students could bypass security protocols and that few teachers used the tablets. Currently, the district leaves it up to individual schools to decide whether they want students to take home iPads or Chromebooks every day and how much time they spend on them in class. Brian van der Brug / Los Angeles Times via Getty Images file In 2022, Los Angeles Unified started requiring students to complete benchmark assessments on i-Ready, educational software widely used in California schools. They will use answers from artificial intelligence chatbots, he said, and although Khan has GoGuardian to monitor what students are doing on Chromebooks in real time, they get around that by creating alternative user profiles on their computers. “Generally speaking, students should not be able to log into a Chromebook using a non-school-issued profile if the district has implemented the recommended settings in their Google Admin Console,” a spokesperson said. “I know these tools do have a place in the class,” he said, “but the way we’re deploying them right now, it’s nowhere close to that ideal.” Parents have reported a myriad of issues associated with using the iPads. Kate, a mother of two boys in North Hollywood, who spoke on the condition that her last name not be published to protect her child’s medical privacy, believed the mandatory i-Ready time created a health issue for her first-grade son. This fall, Kate said, her son’s elementary school notified her that he wet his pants during iPad time, which was required for an hour a day to complete i-Ready assignments. “I felt like this was becoming a humiliation ritual.” Kate said she and her son’s pediatrician believed the time on the iPad, when he had to use headphones for on game-based quizzes, were overstimulating and made it difficult for him to notice normal bodily signals. Alex Welsh for NBC News “In order to protect a private company’s math problem, there’s this black box of my kids’ education now that I don’t have access to and the teacher doesn’t have access to,” said Anna Moench, a mother in the Mount Washington neighborhood. “In order to help figure out how I can best support my child, who is autistic, I need accurate information about what’s happening at school.” A spokesperson for Curriculum Associates, the company that makes i-Ready, said the questions aren’t available for review to “protect the accuracy and fairness of the assessment.” The spokesperson also said that the company recommends that students spend less than two hours per week using i-Ready and that “digital learning tools should make up only a small part of a student’s day.” Karla Estrada, the district’s deputy superintendent for instruction, said that the district prioritizes responsible device use and that its strategic use of technology has contributed to recent testing gains. “The day-to-day between the teacher and the student and the content in which they’re engaged in matters most.” Around 300 parents attended listening sessions the district held last month about technology in the classroom. Nearly all who spoke criticized how much screen time schools gave their children in class, pointing to ways their behavior and grades suffered as students watched YouTube and played Minecraft. “That’s bananas.” Several also asked district officials to explain why children as young as kindergartners were asked to sign a form to use devices in which they promised they would honor intellectual property law and refrain from meeting people in person whom they met online. Byock, the leader of Schools Beyond Screens, which has chapters at 20 area schools, said she’s gratified that the district is taking those steps, but wants to see it take concrete steps to change how devices are used in classes.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/brian-cole-neighbors-share-details-about-pipe-bomb-suspect-11160861
Article: The suspect arrested for allegedly planting bombs outside the Republican and Democratic National Committees on the eve of the January 6 Capitol riots in 2021 is a quiet man who keeps to himself, according to those who live next to him. An affidavit by a special agent, which the FBI shared with Newsweek when contacted for comment, outlined how officers had combed bank account details, cellphone records and video surveillance footage in the investigation. One of Cole's neighbors told NBC News that Cole is “a quiet guy who enjoyed walking his dog” while another told the New York Post that Cole has “uncommonly short legs” and so a “gait analysis” could rule him out or “confirm” him as the culprit. Why It Matters The arrest of Cole is a breakthrough in a case in which federal investigators had sought the suspect for nearly half a decade and offered a $500,000 reward. While it is not clear if a motive has been determined, nor whether the bombs planted on January 5, 2021 had any connection with the Capital riot the next day, the arrest has earned political points for the Trump administration. One unnamed neighbor told NBC News that Cole was “just not somebody that I would pick as somebody who’d want to hurt anyone for any reason,” and that he “kept to himself.” Another told the New York Post that Cole had a chihuahua dog he walked twice a day to the 7-Eleven, while wearing his headphones. The same neighbor told the Post he doubted that Cole was the person recorded planting the bombs, but his “uncommonly short legs” meant that an analysis of his gait could be conclusive in determining whether he was responsible. The FBI affidavit said that examining video surveillance allowed the FBI to recreate the suspect’s path and ascertain that the pipe bomb was placed at the DNC at approximately 7:54 p.m. Prosecutors say that bank records showed in 2019 and 2020, Cole bought items consistent with what was used to make the pipe bombs, namely galvanized pipes, end caps, battery connectors, kitchen timers, electrical wire and steel wool. What People Are Saying Attorney General Bondi said in a statement the arrest: “was the result of good, diligent police work and collaboration on a case that languished for four years under the prior administration. COLE lives in a single-family house with his mother and other family members." What Happens Next Cole has been charged and there will be anticipation over whether information will be revealed over a motive and whether there was a connection to the January 6 riots.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/winter-storm-warning-7-states-snow-hit-11160906
Article: Thousands of Americans across seven states are on alert for harsh winter weather, and the National Weather Service (NWS) warns of up to three feet of snow in some places. Urgent winter storm warnings and watches, winter weather advisories, and blizzard warnings have been issued for large portions of the United States, spanning from the Mountain West region to Alaska. An NWS blizzard warning means that, within the next 12 to 18 hours, snow and/or blowing snow is expected to reduce visibility to 1/4 mile or less for three hours or longer, and there are forecast to be sustained winds of 35 mph or greater or frequent gusts to 35 mph or greater. Mountain passes such as Cottonwood Pass, Rabbit Ears Pass, Teton, Togwotee, and Salt River Passes may see snow totals ranging from one foot up to three feet in isolated locations, compounded by winds up to 65 mph, leading to reduced visibility. In Alaska, areas like the Kuskokwim Delta Coast, Nunivak Island, and Yakutat could see blizzard conditions and significant snowfall starting Saturday, with visibility dropping to near zero and wind gusts reaching up to 60 mph. Montana’s northern regions, including the Continental Divide and Glacier Park, are bracing for up to 25 inches of snow and gusty winds, which may severely impact travel through mountain passes.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/russia-ukraine-war-live-updates-news-trump-nato-putin-11161049
Article: is "at odds" with its European allies in NATO over their "unrealistic expectations" for the Ukraine war, and sharply criticized them for "subversion of democratic processes" to squash opposition that wants a quicker peace with Russia. It comes as Russian President Vladimir Putin visits India to shore up a long-running partnership between the two countries, and win Prime Minister Narendra Modi over to his side as the U.S. but slams allies over their handling of Russia-Ukraine and accuses their minority governments of trying to "trample on basic principles of democracy to suppress opposition." It is a "core interest" of the U.S. to "negotiate an expeditious cessation of hostilities in Ukraine," adding that one of the Trump administration's key policies is: "Reestablishing conditions of stability within Europe and strategic stability with Russia." European allies fear the U.S. Senior Ukrainian officials held discussions with Trump envoys Steve Witkoff and Jared Kushner in Miami on Thursday to receive a debrief on the pair's five-hour meeting with Putin in Moscow, which yielded no immediate compromises from the Kremlin.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/kitten-found-snowstorm-update-reddit-11154762
Article: Stopped at PetSmart for the kitten food and it was still alive, so I bought the food and posted right after I got home.” The kitten was discovered outside by the Reddit poster’s daughter who works at an elementary school in a rural area. Reddit users were quick to offer their suggestions, but the poster responded to one commenter by saying that her family tends to name pets “after food they resemble the color of.” The kitten still has a way to go before recovering, but it’s already stolen plenty of hearts across the internet. Please update!” Another person replied: “However this turns out, please know that you’ve done a very good thing.” While one commenter added: “Regardless, kitten is now warm and safe for however long.” Do you have funny and adorable videos or pictures of your pet you want to share?

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/initial-survivors-of-double-tap-strike-didnt-have-radio-backup-report-11160257
Article: military strike on a suspected drug-trafficking vessel in September did not appear to have a radio or any other means of communication, the senior commander overseeing the operation told lawmakers. His account, reported by CNN and published Thursday, undercuts earlier private briefings where defense officials suggested the survivors were attempting to "radio for help." Lawmakers who viewed the video called it "enormously disturbing." ... CNN quoted one source familiar with Thursday’s briefing who described the rationale for the second strike as "f**king insane." The shift adds to weeks of evolving explanations from the current administration. Newsweek has reported that Pentagon officials were aware survivors remained alive before the follow-up strike was ordered, citing sources who said surveillance footage showed the men clearly visible on the wreckage. I want to be careful of my language, we didn't get the audio, but that's sure what it looked like to me." What To Know The first strike used two missiles and blew the suspected cocaine-carrying vessel in half, killing nine people and capsizing the remains, according to CNN. Himes called it "one of the most troubling things" he has witnessed as a lawmaker, saying the men had no weapons and were "clinging to a wrecked boat." Himes later told CNN’s Tapper that the footage was "enormously, enormously disturbing," showing "that the initial strike caused an immense amount of damage, a fire... and ultimately the end result was two individuals without any weaponry… clinging to a wrecked boat… the decision was taken to kill them." Bradley also told lawmakers, according to CNN, that Defense Secretary Pete Hegseth did not issue an order to "kill them all," contradicting an earlier claim reported by the Washington Post. military has carried out more than 20 additional strikes on boats it has labeled "narco-terrorist" vessels, killing at least 87 people, drawing warnings from legal experts who argue the broader campaign may be unlawful. What People Are Saying Former Special Counsel Department of Defense Ryan Goodman on X: "This collapses the one 'argument' Hegseth had against it being war crime: "Two men killed as they floated holding onto their capsized boat .. DID NOT APPEAR TO HAVE RADIO OR OTHER COMMUNICATIONS DEVICES, the top military official overseeing the strike told lawmakers." House Intelligence Committee Chairman Rick Crawford of Arkansas on CNN: “I feel confident and have no further questions of Hegseth.” What Happens Next The Senate Armed Services Committee has pledged oversight into the September 2 strike and the wider maritime campaign, while Thursday’s briefings appeared to push lawmakers further apart rather than toward a unified account.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/thousands-american-advised-stay-inside-california-air-pollution-epa-11160539
Article: They include: Ground-level ozone Particle pollution (also known as particulate matter, including PM2.5 and PM10) Carbon monoxide Sulfur dioxide Nitrogen dioxide What People Are Saying AirNow says on its website: "Particle pollution comes from many different sources. Particle pollution can be a problem at any time of the year, depending on where you live." What Happens Next Residents are advised to keep tracking AirNow's live map for updates on the status of the air quality in their area.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/ckg9drg8pg1o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Germany votes to bring back voluntary military service Germany scrapped compulsory military service in 2011 but the size of its military fell significantly after the end of the Cold War Students at schools across Germany have said they will join strikes in as many as 90 cities on Friday to protest against the move. A small protest took place outside the Bundestag as the vote took place, with protesters holding a banner saying "No to military service" Last month, France said it was introducing 10 months of voluntary military training for 18- and 19-year-olds. France to bring in form of military service, 25 years after conscription was phased out The government says military service will be voluntary for as long as possible, but from July 2027, all 18-year-old men will have to take a medical exam to assess their fitness for possible military service. Universal medical examinations were necessary, Defence Minister Boris Pistorius said, so that in the event of an attack, Germany would not waste time determining "who is operationally capable as a homeland protector and who is not". But now, in the face of perceived threats from Russia and heavy pressure from Germany's traditional ally, the US, Friedrich Merz has pledged to rebuild the Bundeswehr into Europe's strongest conventional army. The bill is a key pillar of the coalition deal between Merz's conservatives and his centre-left partner, the Social Democrats, who have just a slender governing majority of just 12 votes. But Germany's opposition far-left Left party said it would abstain from voting, which means the coalition needs fewer votes to pass it and so won't have to worry about potential rebels from its own ranks.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/formula1/articles/cd6xg2j941eo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Norris leads Verstappen by 12 points before the final race of the season and the Briton will be world champion for the first time if he finishes on the podium regardless of any other results.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/cricket/videos/c70rxnx7yqqo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Will Jacks "comes up with something special" to dismiss Australia captain Steve Smith, taking a brilliant diving catch as Australia fall to 292-5 on day two of the second Ashes Test.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/05/yieldstreet-investors-losses-willow-wealth-rebrand.html
Article: Source: Willow Wealth As Yieldstreet tries to distance itself from a rocky past with a new name and ad campaign, its customers are dealing with a present reality that is increasingly dire. The private markets investing startup, freshly rebranded as Willow Wealth, last week informed customers of new defaults on real estate projects in Houston, Texas, and Nashville, Tennessee, CNBC has learned. A chart on the company's website showing annualized returns of negative 2% for real estate investments from 2015 to 2025 — down from 9.4% gains just two years prior — has been taken down. They're also making it harder to uncover their poor performance by removing the stats, which is alarming." The high-stakes rebranding is the latest chapter for a company that sought to empower retail investors, but instead left some of them saddled with deep losses and years of uncertainty. Under its former name, Willow Wealth — backed by prominent venture firms and buoyed by aggressive online marketing — had been the best known of a wave of American startups that promised to broaden access to the alternative investments that are the domain of institutions and rich families. While critics say that opaque, illiquid investments with high management fees aren't appropriate for ordinary investors, asset managers including BlackRock and Apollo Global Management see retail as a vast untapped pool of capital. New mascot, same pitch Against this backdrop, Willow Wealth CEO Mitch Caplan, a former E-Trade chief who took the helm in May, said the company was heading toward a new model. As for CNBC's reporting on the new real estate defaults and rising tally of losses, the Willow Wealth spokeswoman called it a "rehash" of news on "investments from five years ago." "The investments in question represent a very small portion of our overall portfolio and do not reflect the current nature of our offerings or business focus," she said. The startup — founded in 2015 by Michael Weisz and Milind Mehere, who remain on Willow Wealth's board of directors — told customers that private investments would provide both higher returns and lower volatility than traditional assets. In a new ad campaign, a character called Hampton Dumpty says that he's "learned a thing or two about crashes" and therefore uses Willow Wealth to diversify his portfolio with private market assets including real estate. The mascot, a play on the Humpty Dumpty nursery rhyme, tells viewers that "portfolios including private markets have outperformed traditional ones for the past 20 years." Compounding fees On its revamped website, the firm has a chart showing a hypothetical portfolio made of private equity, private credit and real estate outperforming traditional stocks and bonds over the decade through 2025. While most stock ETFs carry fees below 0.2%, Willow Wealth typically charges 10 times more than that, or 2% annually on unreturned funds, for its real estate offerings, according to product documents. For customers still coming to terms with their losses and who remain in limbo on funds that the firm says are on "watchlist" for possible default, Yieldstreet's transformation into Willow Wealth looks like an effort to evade accountability, the customers told CNBC. Whether they were apartments in hot downtown areas or established cities, or single family homes scattered across Southern boomtowns, projects that Willow Wealth put its customers into struggled to hit revenue targets and fell behind on loan payments. But according to the 2022 investment memo, Nazare purchased Stacks on Main in July 2021 for $79 million and then offloaded a majority stake to Yieldstreet members through a joint venture. Shahar Azran | Getty Images "This building was majority-owned by YieldStreet and the property was never operated either by Flow or anyone associated with Adam," a spokeswoman for Neumann told CNBC. "In any event, the building has been sold and Flow no longer has a minority interest nor any involvement in this property." Nazare was also listed as sponsor for another Nashville project that went sideways for retail investors, an apartment complex at 2010 West End Ave. A project called the Houston Multi-Family Equity fund, made up of apartments across suburban Texas, resulted in a loss of all $21 million of customer funds, the startup told investors in a Nov. "The property was unable to generate sufficient revenue to pay monthly debt service and operating expenses" and went into foreclosure, resulting in a "full loss of the equity," Willow Wealth said. For instance, an $11.6 million loan made by Willow Wealth customers for a Portland, Oregon, multifamily project is "currently in default" after an appraisal found that the borrower owed more than the real estate was worth, the company told investors. The company has also warned investors that a Tucson, Arizona, apartment complex and two projects made up of single-family rental homes across Southern states were likely to result in future losses of unspecified amounts, according to separate letters. Williams, the Boston University professor and a former Federal Reserve bank examiner, said he taught a class this fall on how Willow Wealth and other fintech firms failed to protect their customers.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/chinese-economist-issues-dire-warning-debt-crisis-11160198
Article: What To Know Liu Xiaoshu, the chief economist at the Bank of Qingdao and director of the China Chief Economist Forum, said in a recent op-ed that reliance on fiscal and monetary stimulus is not a path to sustainable growth. He cited Japan's "Lost Decades" and southern European countries such as Greece as cautionary examples where stimulus and deficit spending failed to resolve underlying structural weaknesses, leaving deep debt burdens in their wake. "Although this figure is significantly higher than in the past," Lian said in published comments, "the Chinese government's fiscal situation and debt level are generally stable and healthy." What People Are Saying Lian Ping, an economist at East China Normal University, said last December during the Central Economic Work Conference, where officials set the national economic agenda: "Although this figure is significantly higher than in the past, considering that the Chinese government's fiscal situation and debt level are generally stable and healthy, especially the low ratio of central government debt to GDP, this increase will not bring too much risk." What Happens Next Fitch Ratings projects that China's overall government deficit will rise to 8.4 percent of GDP this year, up from 6.5 percent in 2024, while debt climbs to 68.5 percent of GDP, which is high for a developing economy.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/birthrate-tax-condoms-robots-musk-china-11161275
Article: At a U.S.-Saudi investment forum last month, Elon Musk, father of 14 children, said that in an AI-rich future only 10 or 20 percent of people will need a job, with most work handled by robots — a world he’s framed as compatible with some form of “universal high income.” He meant it as a benign future scenario. China announced it will add a 13 percent tax to condoms and other contraceptives—ending a three-decade exemption—just as a Shenzhen robotics firm signed $37 million deal to deploy humanoids at border crossings near Vietnam. In fact, China says you can now order a humanoid (Unitree R1) for about $5,566, a price that undercuts the $16,000 midrange Unitree G1 and comes in well below high-end models listing around $90,000. Common Knowledge On the American left, pronatalism tied to nationalism is viewed as coercive: commentators warn it prioritizes demographics over women’s autonomy and note that birth rates respond more to housing, child care and paid leave than to rhetoric or cash incentives.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/the-welcome-demise-of-climate-change-catastrophism-11159859
Article: According to a July 2025 report from the Yale Program on Climate Change Communication, while a majority (69%) of Americans still say global warming is happening, only 60% say it's "mostly human-caused"; 28% attribute it mostly to natural environmental changes. Moreover, public willingness to countenance personal sacrifice in the name of saving the planet seems to be plummeting: An earlier October 2024 poll from the Pew Research Center found that only 45% said human activity contributes "a great deal" to climate change. Gates unloaded a blistering critique of what he called "the doomsday view of climate change," which he said is simply "wrong." While acknowledging the serious risks for the poorest countries, Gates insisted that humanity will continue to "live and thrive in most places on Earth for the foreseeable future." He added that "using more energy is a good thing, because it's so closely correlated with economic growth." One might be forgiven for suffering a bit of whiplash. That study—which had predicted a calamitous 62% decline in global economic output by 2100 if carbon emissions were not sufficiently reduced—was widely cited by transnational bodies and progressive political activists alike as justification for the pursuit of aggressive decarbonization. When the public grows skeptical, when billionaire techno-philanthropists question the prevailing consensus, and when supposedly mainstream scientific projections reverse course, that's a sign that the days of Al Gore's "An Inconvenient Truth" propaganda documentary and John Kerry's "special presidential envoy for climate" globe-trotting vanity gig are officially over. Even more to the point, given the overwhelming evidence that Americans are now primarily concerned about affordability and the cost of living, more—not less—hydrocarbon extraction has never been more necessary. Josh Hammer is Newsweek senior editor-at-large, host of "The Josh Hammer Show," senior counsel for the Article III Project, and author of Israel and Civilization: The Fate of the Jewish Nation and the Destiny of the West (Radius Book Group).

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/donald-trump-third-term-approval-rating-11157402
Article: Of the people who voted for President Donald Trump in 2024, the percentage of those who do not want him to serve a third term is larger than those who do, a poll has found. At a White House Christmas party this week, Trump said it was "an honor" to be president and acknowledged that he had "a little more than three years left" of his presidency. According to a recent poll by the Bullfinch Group, the majority of Americans would vote for Democratic over Republican candidates in the upcoming elections, while the majority also disapproved of the president's job performance. What People Are Saying President Donald Trump told NBC News in March that he had received numerous requests to serve more than two terms as president: "A lot of people want me to do it. But, I mean, I basically tell them we have a long way to go, you know, it's very early in the administration." Former Trump adviser Steve Bannon said in an October interview with The Economist: "He's going to get a third term. So Trump is going to be president in 2028, and people just ought to get accommodated with that." What Happens Next During a Cabinet meeting on Tuesday, Trump suggested he would not run again. "You know, the problem with [Democrats] is they have really bad policy, and I'm not going to say what it is because I don't want them to change it necessarily, because I want to run against it," the president said, adding, "It's not going to be me." Trump has previously floated Vice President JD Vance and Secretary of State Marco Rubio as two potential successors for when he leaves office.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/trump-built-his-own-trap-now-hes-caught-in-it-opinion-11139026
Article: Congressional Republicans are actually fractious at best, like a room of feral cats the rest of the time—which is why Trump passed only one major piece of legislation in his first term and Republican House speakers last as long as the average mayfly. Instead, those tariffs appeared to have been generated by ChatGPT (really), targeted islands inhabited only by penguins, rested on an obvious legal sinkhole and incited such immediate economic disaster that Trump was forced to pull the plug. The centerpiece of Trump’s revenge campaign—charges against former FBI Director James Comey and New York’s Attorney General Letitia James—collapsed because the incompetent Attorney General Pam Bondi illegally appointed the incompetent prosecutor Lindsey Halligan to replace the competent professionals who refused to charge these flimsy cases (this likely saved Halligan from seeing the charges dismissed due to basic legal procedural steps that she flubbed). Bondi’s DOJ also blew up Trump’s big Texas gerrymander by demanding it in a letter so legally idiotic that a Trump-appointed judge cited it as the core proof in his overturning decision. An attempt to do away with National Environmental Policy Act (NEPA) review to speed up the infrastructure permitting process (and to “own the libs”) is creating such massive legal and procedural confusion that projects are becoming even more paralyzed. The maneuver to shift Education Department grant money to the Labor Department was so botched that the larger plan to do away with Education as an agency is in jeopardy. The Brookings Institution actually tracked 26,511 of these misadventures, including comical attempts to get rid of the folks who guard our nuclear weapons, protect us from Ebola and avian flu and inspect our food. The “One Big Beautiful Bill” was such a PR disaster that Trump has been furiously trying to rebrand it, and the vote to release the Jeffrey Epstein files wasn't exactly part of Trump's agenda.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/stunning-nasa-photos-historic-volcanic-eruption-hayli-gubbi-11160572
Article: What To Know The volcano showed low-level activity starting in July 2025, including underground magma movement and early sulfur dioxide emissions, according to the Centre for Observation and Modelling of Earthquakes, Volcanoes and Tectonics (COMET), as cited in a NASA report Thursday. What People Are Saying NASA Earth Observatory said in a statement: "In this remote area of East Africa, tectonic plates are moving away from each other, which allows magma to rise to the surface and feed several active volcanoes. Geologic evidence suggests it was within the past 8,000 years, though experts speculate it may have been within the past few centuries." German Aerospace Center (DLR) said: "On November 23, 2025, the Hayli Gubbi volcano in Ethiopia erupted unexpectedly – the first known eruption since the end of the last ice age. It was still measurable until December 1." Ethiopian local administrator Mohammed Seid told The Associated Press on November 24: "While no human lives and livestock have been lost so far, many villages have been covered in ash and as a result their animals have little to eat." What Happens Next Scientists will continue to monitor Hayli Gubbi for further activity, including gas emissions, ground deformation or smaller eruptions, while authorities track the volcano’s impact on nearby communities and airspace.

Link: https://www.washingtonpost.com/nation/2025/12/05/new-mexico-paying-homeless-students/
Article: “Yes,” he replied, “this is something real.” A real chance to get money that could help the students afford transportation, pay their families’ bills and mitigate the myriad ways homelessness has interfered with their educations. The Mayfield students are among about 330 New Mexico high-schoolers set to join a newly launched state pilot program offering monthly $500 payments to teens experiencing housing insecurity and other issues, conditioned on meeting certain goals. “It makes me feel really happy because I know I’m not going to be having struggles.” For Dai, whom The Washington Post is identifying by her first name because she is a minor, the money will mean being able to buy the food she and her grandmother can’t always afford, along with clothing and toiletries. Now, leaders in New Mexico — which in 2023 had the highest child poverty rate in the nation and has about 10,000 homeless students — hope to test that success at Mayfield High and about a dozen other districts with a three-year pilot program. … It is really about changing their future.” The program is not a silver bullet for solving housing insecurity among students, who often face a variety of issues in their family lives. If a student doesn’t meet the monthly academic requirements, they will have a chance to try again the next month, said Simone Vann, who is heading the program at the state education department. “But also nervousness — a lot of them have never opened a bank account before.” Dai found that process intimidating, but once it was done, she said, she immediately began thinking about what she needed to do: Make sure she isn’t tardy anymore, turn in all her homework in on time, improve her math grade if it slips. “[Now] I don’t have to worry about, ‘Oh, I don’t have this’ or, ‘I have to keep wearing this again and again.’” More than 1.3 million students classified as homeless nationwide experience difficulty getting to or staying in school, which can affect their lives far beyond graduation. Homeless students are more likely to switch schools and be chronically absent, both of which are associated with an increased risk of dropping out and lower academic achievement, according to the Department of Education. Graduating is key to preventing future homelessness: Not having a high school diploma is the greatest risk factor for becoming homeless as an adult, said Barbara Duffield, executive director of SchoolHouse Connection, a national nonprofit focused on homelessness and childhood. Homeless students had named money as an issue in focus groups, and Ramo had researched the success of cash payments in other countries as a tool to lift people out of poverty. The outcomes showed success: In addition to the high graduation rate among the 14 participating seniors, students said the program motivated them to focus on school and tutoring helped them pass their classes. In some cases, teachers noticed that the younger siblings of students in the program were also attending school more frequently, said Karen Sanchez-Griego, who was superintendent in one of the pilot districts, Cuba Independent Schools, at the time. “We’re trying to show them us investing in them, showing them that they have a place in the world and that their lot in life is not just, ‘I’m destined to impoverishment.’” “When you invest in people,” she added, “they respond.” After those pilots, Ramo and her colleagues at New Mexico Appleseed presented the idea to state lawmakers.

Link: https://feeds.texastribune.org/link/16799/17223671/texas-dementia-fund-constitutional-amendment-lawsuit
Article: See our AI policy , and give us feedback If an Austin court hearing this week is an early indication of how a lawsuit blocking Texas’ $3 billion dementia research fund will fare, state leaders who championed it and the voters who overwhelmingly approved it by more than a 2-1 margin may have little worry. On Tuesday, it took 21 minutes of back-and-forth between state District Judge Maya Guerra Gamble and one of plaintiffs — a self-proclaimed Texas voter representing herself without an attorney — for the judge to politely but firmly point out she had missed a critical step to move forward with any lawsuit: properly notify the people she is suing. “You’re not going to have a temporary injunction hearing today,” the judge told Shannon Huggins that she and fellow plaintiffs Lars Kuslich and Jose Silvester had missed properly serving Gov. Challenges to constitutional amendments have become such a growing concern and problem that this year the Texas Legislature passed a comprehensive judicial bill that included a provision to prevent lawsuits from halting constitutional amendments like DPRIT’s Proposition 14, which 2 million Texas voters approved. The crux of the plaintiff’s DPRIT lawsuit is this: they say the voting machines used in 251 of the state’s 254 counties used to tabulate the results in the Nov. Their main goal is to block an expensive piece of legislation, such as DPRIT and not the 16 other relatively low-cost constitutional amendments that passed this year, from going into effect. Soon after those lawsuits were filed, those constitutional amendments went into effect because the state’s attorneys were able to show that the plaintiffs did not properly serve the Secretary of State with their lawsuits. “That’s insane to me.” 2021 flop and 2023 win Because Texas has one of the most restrictive state constitutions in the country, it has placed hard limits on what state government can do, requiring frequent statewide elections on constitutional amendments to adjust that document accordingly. “Federal certification is not required.” Each state certifies election equipment, and the federal Election Assistance Commission establishes voluntary voting system guidelines that states can choose to use in determining whether to certify equipment. Becker said Texas uses some of the federal guidelines, and has their own state-level processes as wellbut certification of election equipment in Texas and other states occurs at the state level. “Her staff knows what they’re doing.” From Becker’s standpoint, if election integrity really is the biggest concern for plaintiffs, then plaintiffs should ask for an easy remedy — count the paper ballots fed into the machine. 19, six days after the DPRIT lawsuit was filed, Abbott declared the results of DPRIT’s Proposition 14 election final, but noted that his certification can’t go into effect until the lawsuit is resolved. Shannon Huggins speaks to members of the media while fellow plaintiff Jose Silvester looks on after having their temporary injunction hearing suspended by Judge Maya Guerra Gamble at the Travis County Civil and Family Courts Facility in Austin. Kaylee Greenlee for The Texas Tribune She clarified only that she had “no opposition” to dementia research and that picking this item from the 17 because of the large amount of state taxpayer money involved — an initial $3 billion from state revenue — was one made to help streamline their challenge. At Tuesday’s appearance, a state attorney representing the only party properly notified so far, Texas Secretary of State Jane Nelson, did appear and was prepared to argue why the election results approving DPRIT should stand that would allow DPRIT to begin using $3 billion to fund research efforts. But, the judge told the plaintiffs that they need to properly serve all the defendants first, namely Abbott and Hancock, and both sides need to come up with a future court date to proceed.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/german-president-visit-wwii-bombing-site-europe-seeks-128135019
Article: Germany’s president is laying a wreath Friday at Coventry Cathedral in central England, symbolically atoning for the atrocities of World War II as his country and the United Kingdom seek to bolster an alliance to combat the new war raging in Europe German President Frank-Walter Steinmeier speaks to a joint session of Members of Parliament, in the Royal Gallery, at the Palace of Westminster, as part of his State Visit to the United Kingdom, in London, Thursday, Dec. (AP Photo/Kin Cheung, Pool) German President Frank-Walter Steinmeier speaks to a joint session of Members of Parliament, in the Royal Gallery, at the Palace of Westminster, as part of his State Visit to the United Kingdom, in London, Thursday, Dec. (AP Photo/Kin Cheung, Pool) LONDON -- Germany’s president is set to lay a wreath Friday at Coventry Cathedral in central England, symbolically atoning for the atrocities of World War II as his country and the United Kingdom seek to bolster an alliance to combat the new war raging in Europe. At least 568 people were killed and more than half of Coventry’s homes were damaged or destroyed in what was the single most concentrated attack on a British city during the war. He served as the royal patron of the Dresden Trust, which seeks to build bonds between the people of Britain and Dresden following the Allied bombing that destroyed the German city’s historic center and killed an estimated 25,000 people in February 1945. During a lavish banquet on Wednesday night at Windsor Castle, Steinmeier and King Charles III put on a show of Anglo-Saxon unity, exchanging toasts that celebrated the cultural and historic ties between their nations and highlighted efforts to build a common front against Russian aggression in Ukraine. “That is our common history — and it shows what is possible when people have the courage to pursue reconciliation.” The state visit comes as European nations bond together to support Ukraine and confront Russian efforts to destabilize western democracies through so-called hybrid attacks such as election interference, disinformation and sabotage. Martin Farr, an expert in modern British history at Newcastle University, said Steinmeier’s visit highlights the fact that European nations are working together much more that at any time since 1815. That was the year that the continent’s major powers set up the Concert of Europe, a set of practices and principles designed to keep the peace after the Napoleonic Wars. While state visits are hosted by the king, they are scheduled at the request of the elected government to reward friends — and sometimes nudge reluctant partners — with the red carpet treatment only the British royal family can provide. On Wednesday, Charles welcomed Steinmeier and his wife, Elke Büdenbender, with a warm handshake before bundling them into a horse-drawn carriage for the ride to Windsor Castle, where a military band played the national anthems of both countries and Steinmeier inspected the assembled troops.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/german-lawmakers-approve-plan-attract-military-recruits-stops-128134709
Article: German lawmakers have approved the government’s plan to attract more military recruits as the country tries to boost the ranks of its armed forces in the face of rising concern about the threat posed by Russia FILE - New recruits of the German Army Bundeswehr attend a ceremony to take their oath in front of the North Rhine-Westphalia state parliament in Duesseldorf, Germany, on Sept. (AP Photo/Martin Meissner, File) FILE - New recruits of the German Army Bundeswehr attend a ceremony to take their oath in front of the North Rhine-Westphalia state parliament in Duesseldorf, Germany, on Sept. (AP Photo/Martin Meissner, File) BERLIN -- German lawmakers on Friday approved the government's plan to attract more military recruits as the country tries to boost the ranks of its armed forces in the face of rising concern about the threat posed by Russia. Defense Minister Boris Pistorius told lawmakers that “our allies are looking at Germany” and argued that the country has become a “pacesetter for defense in Europe.” He said that, with the new legislation, “we are taking a further decisive step for our defense capability.” Germany suspended conscription for men in 2011 and has subsequently struggled to attract large numbers of short-term volunteers. The plan approved Friday foresees more attractive pay and conditions for people who join up on a short-term basis, better training and more flexibility on how long people can serve, starting from a minimum of six months. But the plan leaves the door open for parliament to introduce mandatory service at least for a limited number of people, possibly selected at random, “particularly if the defense policy situation or the personnel situation of the armed forces make this necessary.” Many in Merz’s conservative bloc think that conscription will ultimately be needed. The legislation sets annual target ranges over the next 10 years for the size of the military and its reserves, but there is no automatic trigger for any move toward compulsory recruitment. Starting in the new year, questionnaires will be sent to young men and women turning 18 about their willingness and ability to serve, which men will be required to answer. if it isn’t enough, and if the threat situation continues to develop the same way or worse, we won’t be able to avoid a partial compulsory service to protect this country.” Ten European Union countries have compulsory military service: Austria, Cyprus, Croatia, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, Greece, Latvia, Lithuania and Sweden.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/damaged-roads-debris-slow-relief-operations-after-deadly-128134788
Article: Emergency crews are racing against time after catastrophic floods and landslides struck parts of Asia, killing more than 1,500 people By BINSAR BAKKARA Associated Press and NINIEK KARMINI Associated Press ACEH TAMIANG, Indonesia -- Emergency crews were racing against time on Friday after last week’s catastrophic floods and landslides struck parts of Asia, killing more than 1,500 people. Many villages in Indonesia and Sri Lanka remained buried under mud and debris, with nearly 900 people still unaccounted for in both countries, while recovery was further along in Thailand and Malaysia. Trucks carrying relief supplies crawl along roads connecting North Sumatra's Medan city to Aceh Tamiang, which reopened almost a week after the disaster, but distribution is slowed by debris on the roads, said National Disaster Management Agency's spokesperson Abdul Muhari.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Business/wireStory/pope-cancels-holy-fundraising-commission-announced-questionable-circumstances-128134649
Article: Pope Leo XIV has taken his biggest step yet to correct one of Pope Francis’ more problematic financial moves Pope Leo XIV talks to reporters aboard an airplane as he returns from a six-day visit to Turkey and Lebanon, Tuesday, Dec. (Alessandro Di Meo/Pool Photo via AP) ROME -- ROME (AP) — Pope Leo XIV has taken his biggest step yet to correct one of Pope Francis’ more problematic financial moves, canceling a special Holy See fundraising commission that was announced under questionable circumstances while Francis was hospitalized. Its president was the assessor of the Secretariat of State, the very same Vatican office that Francis had previously stripped of its ability to manage assets after it lost tens of millions of euros in a scandalous London property deal. To some, it smacked of the Italian-led Secretariat of State taking advantage of a sick pope to announce a new flow of unchecked donations into its coffers after Francis took its 600 million-euro ($684 million) sovereign wealth fund away and gave it to another office to manage as punishment for the London fiasco. Donations are a crucial source of revenue to the Holy See, and wealthy American donors in particular had been looking to Leo, a math major, to impose greater financial transparency and accountability on the Vatican's books.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/features/2025/12/5/mf-husain-was-forced-into-exile-now-his-work-finds-permanent-home-in-qatar?traffic_source=rss
Article: Doha, Qatar – In the 1930s, a young Maqbool Fida Husain, barely in his 20s, arrived in the Indian financial capital of Mumbai, then known as Bombay, from Indore city 600km (370 miles) away. A decade later, as newly independent India was finding its footing, Husain became a part of a group of artists who laid the foundations of modern art in the country. But despite the global renown and the numerous awards – internationally and at home in India – Husain found himself the target of a concerted hate campaign by a rising Hindu majoritarian movement starting in the 1990s, forcing him to flee. Now, nearly two decades after he went into exile, and 14 years after he died in London, Husain’s iconic works have found a permanent home in Doha, the capital of Qatar, which in 2010 offered the artist citizenship. Lawh Wa Qalam: MF Husain Museum inaugurated Last month, Qatar inaugurated a stunning new museum, Lawh Wa Qalam (meaning the board and the pen), dedicated to Husain’s life and works that spanned more than six decades. “Maqbool Fida Husain is a legendary artist – a true master whose artistic works transcend borders and connect cultures, histories, and identities,” Sheikha Moza bint Nasser, the chair of Qatar Foundation, said during the museum’s inauguration. Advertisement The new museum, located in Doha’s sprawling Education City, features the celebrated artist’s final works commissioned by Sheikha Moza, along with his other works, including photography, films and poetry. Among them is The Battle of Badr, for which Husain used calligraphy and the Arabic script, and fused them with his bold modern style to capture the significance of the early Islamic military victory. “From the outset, one of the biggest questions for us was how to represent the range of Husain’s practice without reducing it to a simple linear story at Lawh Wa Qalam,” Noof Mohammed, museum curator, told Al Jazeera. Projects like Seeroo fi al ardh and the Arab Civilisation series show him working on a scale and clarity that deserve to be seen together, and that shaped how we approached the narrative.” Spread over 290 square metres (3,000sq ft), the museum also houses his personal belongings, including Indian passport books that he relinquished in 2010. “We were lucky that Husain made Qatar his home, where he was able to produce a lot of artwork that is part of the collection in the museum,” Kholoud Al-Ali, executive director of community engagement and programming at Qatar Foundation, said. “This museum is going to be an addition to the Education City ecosystem, a place where students, researchers, anyone interested in art can find basically what they’re looking for,” Al-Ali told Al Jazeera. Hounded out of his home By the time Husain had moved to Doha, he had long secured his place as one of the world’s biggest figures – and as a lightning rod for criticism from the Hindu far-right in India. Advertisement Through the 20th century, his paintings broke auction records, with his work featuring at international exhibitions, including the 1971 Sao Paulo Biennial in Brazil alongside legendary Spanish painter Pablo Picasso. The Calcutta Club, an elite British-era social club based in the Indian city of Kolkata, once came in for heavy criticism when it refused Husain entry for not wearing shoes. Since the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP), led by Prime Minister Narendra Modi, came to power a decade ago, dozens of Muslims have been lynched by Hindu vigilantes, hundreds of houses have been demolished as part of so-called “bulldozer justice” without due process, and several legal and institutional measures have been implemented, affecting the minority community negatively. “His flight from India is a tragedy, and in many ways was an early sign of the kind of censorship and repression of speech, of expression that has become much more pervasive – in fact, normalised in many ways,” Sonal Khullar, an art historian from the University of Pennsylvania, said. Khullar, who featured Husain in her 2015 book Worldly Affiliations: Artistic Practice, National Identity and Modernism in India, 1930-1990, said the attack on Husain was due to both his Muslim heritage and the secular ethos that informed his work. “I think it really came down to this artist’s position in India, and what he represented, whether you understand him to represent Muslim cultures, peoples and societies or you understand him to represent a secular ethos. “For instance, the blue tile used in the building has its origins in Central Asia, and it has become an important part of the architectural language,” said Martand Khosla, the architect of the museum. So in that sense, it was a real privilege to be able to come and build a museum for him.” Husain’s work Husain was one of the most prolific Indian artists of the modern era, producing an estimated 30,000 to 40,000 works. Painter Akhilesh, who wrote Husain’s biography, Maqbool, said the turning point of his career was Between the Spider and the Lamp, which portrays five women figures standing with a lamp and a spider coming down from the roof. In Indore, he was introduced to the images of Hindu deities and other figures from Indian mythology by an art teacher at the Indore School of Art, which he attended, said Akhilesh, his biographer. “I remember him coming to our Indore house with a Jalebi (Indian sweet) early in the morning.” Akhilesh recalled how, in the early 2000s, Husain once invited him to London. “But he died before he could undertake his journey back to his homeland.” That Husain was forced to spend his final years in exile remains a blot on India, said Khullar, the art scholar. “The loss of a figure like Husain is a loss to the secular ethos of the [Indian] art world that he founded in 1947, and one could say, for a certain section of society, more broadly, for India itself,” she said.

Link: https://www.latimes.com/california/story/2025-12-05/la-nina-socal-slammed-by-record-start-to-rainy-season
Article: Schaben / Los Angeles Times) Even so, Californians who lived through the 1980s and ’90s tend to think in absolutes about La Niña and its better-known counterpart, El Niño — with the former seemingly the “demon diva of drought” and the latter a herald of epic rains and floods. “El Niño/La Niña predictions are a bit like poker, where you may have a good hand, but when you draw the last card, you don’t get what you’re looking for,” said Marty Ralph, director of the Center for Western Weather and Water Extremes at the Scripps Institution of Oceanography at UC San Diego. (Paul Duginski / Los Angeles Times) “We saw in the ’80s and ’90s really good correspondence between the El Niño/La Niña behaviors in Southern California precipitation anomalies — wet El Niños down here, and dry La Niñas,” Ralph said. Then there was the “Godzilla” El Niño ahead of the 2015-16 water year that led to a below-average winter in Southern California and either average or above-average precipitation in Northern California despite its enormous strength in the ocean. Ralph and his colleagues tried to figure out why certain La Niña and El Niño water years were, as they put it, “heretical” — acting with “radical deviation” to what they would expect. What they found was that La Niña and El Niño do likely influence certain storms that hit California — but only the typical seasonal variety that originate from Alaska or north of Hawaii, Ralph said. Also meriting further study is whether climate change is upending the old rules of La Niña and El Niño, since atmospheric rivers “are projected to be increasingly greater contributors to total annual precipitation, boosting extreme precipitation and increasing the year-to-year variability of Western hydroclimate in the warming future,” the researchers wrote. (Paul Duginski / Los Angeles Times) Officials have long warned that continued climate change could whipsaw California between precipitation extremes, with the state trending toward aridity, interspersed with exceptionally wet years. There’s climate change in the DNA of every weather event that’s going on.” Advertisement California has seen unusually wet storms this autumn because of a persistent low-pressure system off the West Coast that stretched farther south than is typical for October and November. That system was able to tap into unusually potent precipitation in the deep tropics and dispatch atmospheric river storms to the state, said Jon Gottschalck, chief of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration Climate Prediction Center’s Operational Prediction Branch. Santa Barbara Airport has so far recorded its wettest start to the water year with 9.91 inches of rain, blowing past the previous record of 7 inches, according to the National Weather Service office in Oxnard. Advertisement Even famously and formidably dry Death Valley National Park saw its wettest November on record, recording 1.76 inches of rain, surpassing the previous high-water mark of 1.7 inches in 1923, according to Chris Outler, a meteorologist with the National Weather Service office in Las Vegas.

Link: https://www.latimes.com/california/story/2025-12-05/la-schools-docter-dies-at-97-won-on-spanking-lost-on-integration
Article: Advertisement “He always could see the possibility for students and their teachers and their families,” said Diane Watson, a former ally on the school board who went on to serve in the state Legislature and Congress. “You could follow him because you knew that he chose to do the right thing for the young people.” As a school board member from 1969 to 1977, Docter was most closely identified with two issues — taking away the long-held right of school staff to hit children and trying to quickly and aggressively address the harms of segregation. Docter had been a school board member for six years when he and allies, after multiple tries, pushed through a ban on corporal punishment — also referred to as spanking or paddling — by a 4-3 vote in 1975. “Administrators and teachers should not be able to do what a Marine Corps drill sergeant is prohibited from doing.” At the time, an estimated 7% of California districts had banned corporal punishment, although Gov. Education Secretary Miguel Cardona wrote that “corporal punishment in school is either expressly allowed or not expressly prohibited in 23 states” and that “corporal punishment in schools is likely underreported.” Cardona called for its use to end. As the school board president, Docter became the face of the school system’s effort to carry out court-ordered, mandatory integration, including through forced busing, which he supported as a social-justice imperative. Many felt betrayed.” There also was pressure from the other side — with liberal activists including future school board member Jackie Goldberg asserting that citywide integration should be the standard and could be mapped out to avoid bus rides longer than 20 to 30 minutes. He was out of touch.” Advertisement Docter said later that busing “should have been introduced on a voluntary basis to dispel fears among the majority population and resist white flight.” Ultimately, the legal and political landscape shifted and L.A. By then, however, thousands of white parents had moved out of the district or pulled kids from Los Angeles public schools, accelerating an evolution in demographics that already was in progress. Advertisement He earned a bachelor’s degree in English from UCLA in 1952 and then in 1956 a master’s in education from USC, and a doctorate in educational psychology from the university in 1960. Docter — as he was widely known — was an associate professor of education and a father of children in the public schools in 1969, when he became one of 21 candidates for three board seats, saying that the state’s largest school system too often maintained an unsatisfactory status quo rather than updating its instructional methods. He wrote three books: “A View from the Corner” (2008), alluding to the name of his regular column, “Integrity: A Complete Life” (2015) and a novel, “Lost and Found in Montana” (2022).

Link: https://www.latimes.com/environment/story/2025-12-05/salvaged-chimneys-from-palisades-fire-are-tangible-memorial-to-l-a-s-unspeakable-loss
Article: So when conceptual artist Evan Curtis Charles Hall asked Hill if he wanted to be a part of Project Chimney, a planned memorial to the January fires that will be made up of chimneys salvaged from six destroyed homes — five in Pacific Palisades and one, Hill’s home, in Malibu — Hill didn’t hesitate. Hall, founding director of the landmark preservation nonprofit House Museum, recently completed the painstaking relocation of the weighty structures, enlisting volunteer brick masons, structural engineers and architectural consultants, and raising donor money for equipment and supplies. The chimneys for his project, some of which had to be carefully dismantled to transport them safely, are in temporary storage until Hall raises enough money to complete the project — and until he secures a permanent location in the Palisades for the memorial. The couple had stopped lighting fires for warmth and instead hung a long mirror over it so that it reflected a panorama stretching up the coast to Point Dume, 13 miles away. As new houses rise where old ones succumbed, Hall wants to give the homeowners and all Angelenos a place where they can metaphorically and physically touch the past — and process the disaster in their own ways. “For homeowners, it will represent a piece of their home and it will cause memories to surface of family conversations and gatherings around the holidays around the fireplace,” Hall said. But the point really for the memorial is for it to be a place … where people can encounter something from the pre-fire Palisades and confront also the reality that the landscape is changing — and that fires are a part of living in Southern California.” Hall uncovers piles of bricks collected from chimneys of homes destroyed in the Palisades fire, which will be used for a memorial he is working on in Pacific Palisades. Advertisement Hall said he sometimes lies among the bricks and listens to them, as if by some magic force they could relay all of the mundane and momentous experiences they’ve witnessed. When Hill visited to assess the damage, he found scattered across the hillside pages of burnt sheet music he had used to practice on a piano that once graced the living room. Hall wants to do with the chimneys what Hill did by framing those singed pieces of music — to create a work of art born from disaster that symbolizes the will to carry on.

Link: https://www.latimes.com/california/story/2025-12-05/latino-families-trump
Article: Brittney, a Democrat who works in L.A.’s dining scene, lobbed barbs from the comfort of a couch with an elder shih tzu mix named Chuy by her side; Gloria stood her Republican ground from a recliner covered in a giant Dallas Cowboys blanket. Advertisement “But she made sure to make herself legal.” “ICE doesn’t care about that — they would’ve netted Grandma.” They’re one of many families across Southern California and the country split right now about what President Trump has wrought upon us in his second term. But so do the public and private shamings I’m seeing on social media and in my private world of Trumper tíos or cousins who now regret their choice as the president has unleashed the dogs of deportation on Latinos regardless of citizenship status. Advertisement The Valles family provide an intriguing case study that says as much about how Latino politics have evolved over the decades as about the power of patience with those you love. “It was Democrat, Democrat, Democrat all the way,” she said, a party preference further instilled in her by a mother who raised five children on her own with the help of welfare. They shared El Paso and Eastside roots — but, unlike her at the time, Jaime Valles was a “straight up Republican.” Advertisement “He would get political pamphlets for us to read and say, ‘Think for yourself. Don’t vote one way just because people think Mexicans should vote one way.’” For her first presidential election, she chose Ronald Reagan — “He was handsome, and he believed in rehabilitation [for welfare recipients]. At Gabrieleno High School in San Gabriel, she started a Republican Club — “just six members” — that mostly amounted to “me telling everyone else, ‘You are all idiots.’” Advertisement Brittney was such a committed Republican that her AOL Instant Messenger handle was a tribute to John McCain and Sarah Palin’s failed 2008 presidential run. Advertisement “I read ‘The Art of the Deal’ and thought, ‘Maybe this is what we need.’ But then you quickly saw his cruelty on display,” mentioning his infamous remark secretly recorded about grabbing women “by the pussy.” “There was times I was offended, but sometimes he said the truth and the truth hurts,” her mother responded. It makes them hold on to their beliefs more when you tell them that they’re dumb.” Gloria voted for Trump a third time in 2024 because she felt Kamala Harris was “going to continue [Joe Biden’s] bulls—” but also because Trump’s promise to deport violent criminals resonated with her. “We want him to take out everyone who’s breaking laws and not trying to do things right.” Advertisement Then for the first time all afternoon, her tone turned serious in a kind of self-correct. “That upsets me a little.” Gloria sounded like the living incarnation of a recent Pew Research Center poll that showed an 11% drop in support for Trump among Latinos who voted for him and that 47% of Latino Republicans think the Trump administration “is doing too much” on the deportation front — up from 28% in March. She described how a family member earlier this year was nearly pulled out of their car when high school students protesting Trump marched on the 101 Freeway waving the flags of Mexico and other Latin American countries. (Brian van der Brug / Los Angeles Times) I concluded my visit with the Valles ladies by asking why it’s important for politically split families to not reject each other.

Link: https://www.latimes.com/california/story/2025-12-05/underage-farmworkers-california-expands-oversight-of-field-conditions
Article: The actions follow an investigation by Capital & Main, produced in partnership with the Los Angeles Times and McGraw Center for Business Journalism , which found that the state is failing to protect underage farmworkers who labor in harsh and dangerous circumstances. The new enforcement efforts will be overseen by the state Labor and Workforce Development Agency , which directs key agencies charged with regulating child labor and worksite safety laws, officials said. Advertisement Officials said the state’s Bureau of Field Enforcement, which regulates child labor and wage and hour laws, is developing plans to conduct joint operations with an existing agricultural enforcement task force assigned to the Division of Occupational Safety and Health, known as Cal/OSHA. Working together will enable the state to “increase its presence in the fields and its capacity to identify violations,” according to Crystal Young, deputy secretary of communications for the Labor and Workforce Development Agency. Advertisement The agency is also overseeing an effort to share data among enforcement teams from departments such as the Agricultural Labor Relations Board, Department of Industrial Relations and Employment Development Department. Sharing information, Young said, will “further bolster our ability to identify potential violations for investigation.” In a written statement, she said that state officials have been actively enforcing child labor rules across all industries, assessing 571 violations that resulted in “millions of dollars in penalties” from 2017 through 2024. (Barbara Davidson / Capital & Main) Cal/OSHA enforcement records show that the agency failed to investigate most complaints about alleged violations of California’s outdoor heat law and reports of outdoor heat injuries, as well as an overall 74% drop in citations issued to agricultural employers for all infractions. “Being able to support farmworker families through a living wage, you know, is one of the ways that we can really address this issue,” said Erica Diaz-Cervantes, 25, a former underage strawberry picker who is now a senior policy advocate for the Central Coast Alliance United for a Sustainable Economy. Raul Ruiz (D-Palm Desert) recently reintroduced legislation that would change the federal minimum age for farmworkers from 12 to 14 years old for most farm jobs, as well as strengthen enforcement and improve nationwide data collection on injuries and fatalities. California requires minors to be 14 years old to work in most instances but allows children as young as 12 to labor up to 40 hours a week in agriculture when school is not in session. Assemblymember Damon Connolly (D-San Rafael) said in a statement that he ordered an audit earlier this year to review issues such as inconsistent enforcement in California’s pesticide regulation process, which is split between local and state agencies. The audit, expected to be completed next year, “will help us determine whether the need is for additional resources, statutory and regulatory changes, or more vigorous enforcement of existing laws,” said Connolly, who chairs the Committee on Environmental Safety and Toxic Materials. (Barbara Davidson / Capital & Main) Connolly and Assemblymember Liz Ortega (D-San Leandro) said that the Department of Pesticide Regulation, which oversees pesticide safety statewide, should develop educational materials for underage workers to inform them about pesticides and how to report problems. “That’s one tool that we can use in agriculture to keep these children safe,” said Ortega, who chairs the Labor and Employment Committee and has held hearings on workplace safety in the fields. “Many of us don’t know what pesticides are, how they can harm our health or … what we’re supposed to do to safely work around them,” said Lorena, 17, who has been harvesting strawberries since she was 11 years old in the Santa Maria Valley. “Having all that information in one simple flier,” she said, “could make it much easier for us to be able to recognize the dangers and know how to protect ourselves.” Advertisement

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/ice-arrests-harvard-professor-after-firing-bb-gun-outside-synagogue-11160913
Article: Carlos Portugal Gouvea, a Brazilian national, admitted in court last month to firing a BB gun near Temple Beth Zion in Brookline, Massachusetts, on the eve of Yom Kippur, according to a press release by the Department of Homeland Security (DHS). Police responded on October 1 to reports of shots near the synagogue and found Gouvea hiding behind a tree with a pellet gun, he told them he was "hunting rats." ... Why It Matters Gouvea’s arrest occurred amid the Trump administration’s push for Harvard to resolve a range of allegations, including claims that the university had not done enough to address antisemitism and protect Jewish students on campus. Harvard has challenged some of the administration’s actions in court, and in September, a judge ruled that the government had unlawfully terminated over $2 billion in research grants awarded to the university. A J‑1 visa is a non-immigrant visa issued by the United States for individuals participating in approved cultural and educational exchange programs, including research, teaching, and training, allowing them to stay temporarily in the U.S. It said in a Facebook statement it has "no reason to believe this was an antisemitic event [and] from what we were initially told by police, the individual was unaware that he lived next to, and was shooting his BB gun next to, a synagogue, or that it was a religious holiday." "It was potentially dangerous to use a BB gun in such a populated spot, but it does not appear to have been fueled by antisemitism," Temple Beth Zion wrote in the statement. Citizenship and Immigration Services previously announced that it will start reviewing immigrants’ social media accounts for evidence of antisemitic activity, which could be considered when deciding whether to approve applications for immigration benefits. You are not welcome here.” "From what we were initially told by police, the individual was unaware that he lived next to and was shooting his BB gun next to a synagogue or that it was a religious holiday," TBZ Brookline leaders wrote in a letter to the community addressing the "security incident" that occurred on Beacon Street outside of the synagogue during Kol Nidre.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/mom-detained-2nd-grade-son-fraudulent-green-ca-11160978
Article: A 7-year-old Vermont student and his mother were detained by immigration agents at the U.S.–Canada border after officers discovered she possessed a "fraudulent" green card, according to Customs and Border Protection (CBP). CBP said the mother, her son, and an adult male companion were refused entry into Canada and returned to the United States, where officers at the Highgate Springs Port of Entry discovered fraudulent documents belonging to the mother, including a green card and a Social Security card on November 27, 2025. "We remain focused on supporting the child and the family during this difficult time." Chavarria said the family “made a wrong turn” while traveling out of state to visit relatives, leading to the encounter with immigration authorities. Until that time, they will remain in the Texas detention facility." Earlier this year, the Winooski School District became the first in Vermont to adopt a “sanctuary schools” policy designed to protect immigrant students and their families from federal immigration enforcement, the district said.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/january-6-pipe-bomber-arrest-bongino-baker-nike-11161447
Article: After nearly five years of conspiracy theories, the FBI arrested Brian Cole Jr., a 30-year-old Virginia bail bondsman, on Tuesday for planting pipe bombs outside the RNC and DNC headquarters on January 5, 2021, the night before Trump supporters stormed the Capitol to disrupt the 2020 presidential election certification. The arrest deflates years of "false flag" theories that sought to cast January 6 defendants (now all pardoned by Trump) as the victims of a deep state setup and federal agents as the real villains instead of the mob who attacked law enforcement officers. I have zero doubt." In March 2025, while his nomination to the FBI was being considered, Senate Democrats demanded he either substantiate those claims or "apologize to the men and women of the FBI for spreading this dangerous and irresponsible lie." He never responded. Steven D'Antuono ⬆ As FBI Washington Field Office head from 2020 to 2022, he oversaw the effort that collected the credit card receipts, shoe store subpoenas, and phone data used to identify Cole. He claimed he had uncovered "the biggest scandal and conspiracy in American history." Glenn Beck hyped it as “the biggest scandal of my lifetime, maybe in the last hundred years.” An X post touting the scoop got 15 million views. Barry Loudermilk ⬇ In March 2024, the Georgia Republican who chairs a House subcommittee on the January 6 attacks wrote a Blaze op-ed defending Baker as a persecuted journalist: "Where is the outrage over Steve Baker's prosecution?" Then he amplified Baker's false story about Kerkhoff as potential proof of "law enforcement involvement" in the pipe bombs. Nike Air Max Speed Turf Shoes ⬆ A FBI subpoena resulted in 233,000 receipts for the kinds of black end caps used to build the pipe bombs—too many to narrow down. But fewer than 25,000 pairs of Nike sneakers in black and gray with a distinctive yellow logo worn by the bomber in video footage were sold, yielding a list of just 1,200 buyers to cross-reference with phone data. In an era when partisan media reinforces rather than questions assumptions, CW operates from the center—skeptical of left and right alike, committed to puncturing inflated reputations and recognizing overlooked truths.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/man-request-wife-acne-wedding-reddit-daughter-pimple-patches-11161191
Article: The 41-year-old man starts the post by stating he loves his 43-year-old wife, he wrote: "I think my wife is a gorgeous woman with gorgeous skin.” He explained how his wife has dealt cystic acne—characterized by painful, deep, pus-filled cysts or lumps beneath the skin—since her teens and now often uses visible, star-shaped hydrocolloid patches to treat breakouts. “I think that’s wonderful in that context.” He added that he’s personally never had an issue with the patches, saying: “I honestly think my wife looks cute wearing those pimple patches.” But the situation became more complicated ahead of his sister’s wedding. A wedding is not the place to wear visible stickers on your face." A fourth advised: "I would not ask your sister, she has enough going on with wedding planning.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/ce91x2jm5pjo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Netflix reportedly closes in on Warner Bros deal 26 minutes ago Share Save Rachel Clun Business reporter Share Save Getty Images Netflix is closing in on a deal to buy the film and streaming businesses of Warner Bros Discovery, according to multiple reports. The streaming giant has emerged as the top bidder for Warner Bros ahead of rivals Comcast and Paramount Skydance after offering $28 (£21) per share, according to several outlets including Reuters and the New York Times. Paramount made an initial bid to buy the whole company, including its cable networks such as CNN, for $24 a share in October which Warner Bros rejected before putting itself up for sale. Speaking to BBC's Today programme, she said it was key to note the difference between the Paramount and Netflix bids, pointing out that Paramount's bid included the parts of Warner Bros business that have been "dragging on profitability". "Whether Netflix is successful in this part bit or indeed paramount comes back for more, this will create a global mega power in broadcast entertainment which the regulator will want to look at," she said.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/crmdvkenv22o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: 'It's worse than Covid', says principal as 170 pupils off sick in one day 34 minutes ago Share Save Gerry Bradley and Auryn Cox , BBC News NI Share Save BBC Ebrington Primary School principal Brian Guthrie said the children have been affected by a range of illnesses The principal of a County Londonderry school has said it is like "being back in Covid times" after 170 pupils were off sick on one day alone. "It's not just been flu, it's been stomach bugs, very sore throats and illnesses in other ways as well but over the course of last week, it was very, very challenging with the number of pupils and staff off," Mr Guthrie told BBC's North West Today programme. "It took me back to 2020, to be quite honest, the attendance was actually worse last week than it would have been at any of the worst points, if you like, back in Covid times so, yeah, it was a bit of a shock." The impact of the high levels of absence, Mr Guthrie said, meant teachers were not able to carry out new learning in terms of literacy and numeracy. "It was hitting the younger children more at the start of last week but towards the end of the week, we noticed that it was the upper end of school, our P5-to-P7s, where we were seeing a higher absence rate but at the start of last week, it was more primary one, primary two," he said. 'Most severe flu outbreak in a decade' Seasonal illnesses, including flu, rise every winter - but experts have predicted this year's flu season could be the worst in a decade. In the week ending 30 November, under-fives had the highest number of confirmed flu cases of any age group, according to the latest data published by the Public Health Agency, (PHA). Over the same period five to 14-year-olds had the highest positivity rate (54.2%) meaning although fewer of them were tested - those that were tested were more likely to have the flu.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cgmn8pw7vkdo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: City's 'grubby and grimy' phone boxes 'need to be replaced' 1 hour ago Share Save Leigh Boobyer BBC Wales Share Save BBC Local residents want to see the telephone boxes be replaced by a BT street hub "Dirty" and "grubby" telephone boxes are a blight on a city centre, say local residents, who are calling for upgraded, digital communication kiosks to replace them. Critics of the phone boxes in Newport city centre say they want to see the vanadalised and unkempt booths swapped for BT Street Hubs, which offer free, ultra-fast Wi-Fi, UK phone calls and phone charging points. Michael Enea, a political blogger and local campaigner for the Conservative party, said one phone box in Newport was "covered in dirt, muck and moss", describing it as "absolutely apalling". Michael Enea The booth, on the junction of Llanarth Street and John Frost Square, was singled out for its 'appalling' state Newport City Council, which maintains public spaces in the city centre, said it had "no powers" to remove the phone boxes, adding it had previously complained to BT. 'Radical improvements' to the phone boxes are required, as part of general shake-up of the city centre Mr Enea said he wanted to see the BT Street Hubs place installed as part of a wider refurbishment of the city centre. "We've got to really freshen up the city centre." Shop owner Susan Priest said "no one uses" the booth on the junction of Llanarth Street Jewellery shop owner Susan Priest said "no one uses" the booth on the junction of Llanarth Street, where her business is, and John Frost Square.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cjrjl79p4y4o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Alleged associate of synagogue attacker in court 34 minutes ago Share Save Share Save Reuters Mohammad Asim Bashir, 31, is accused of driving Manchester synagogue attacker Jihad Al-Shamie to a UK defence site in Oxfordshire A man who allegedly drove the Manchester synagogue attacker to survey a UK defence site has appeared in court. Mohammad Asim Bashir, 31, is accused of driving Jihad Al-Shamie to UK Defence Academy in Shrivenham, Oxfordshire, on 14 August for a hostile reconnaissance - seven weeks before the attack at Heaton Park Hebrew Congregation synagogue. The allegations are not directly related to the synagogue attack, where two worshippers were killed on 2 October at Yom Kippur services to mark the holiest day in the Jewish calendar. The Crown Prosecution Service also alleges Mr Bashir shared terrorist publications with Al-Shamie and other people on WhatsApp between November and December 2024 with the intent to encourage acts of terrorism. Facebook Mr Bashir is accused of sharing terrorist publications with Al-Shamie (above) Mr Bashir appeared in the dock but was not asked to enter any pleas during the short hearing. Worshippers Melvin Cravitz and Adrian Daulby were killed after 35-year-old Al-Shamie, a Syrian-born UK citizen, drove his Kia Picanto into the gates of the synagogue and then began attacking with a knife, wearing a fake suicide belt.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/cricket/articles/c773v8ryz5no?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: England produced a floodlit fightback late on the second day of the second Test against Australia but still face a huge battle to stay alive in the Ashes after missing five chances at the Gabba. In the same over, Carse bowled Cameron Green for 45 and then ended Steve Smith's march to yet another Ashes century on 61 thanks to a wonder catch from Will Jacks.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/cricket/articles/cewj0dg9deno?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: It doesn't get any better than that, that's a piece of incredible movement from Jacks." The catch itself - the athleticism to dive at leg gully and take the ball in his right hand - was impressive. It is an outstanding catch." It was the bright spot for England in the field on day two with Duckett later dropping Josh Inglis, Carse spilling Michael Neser and Root getting fingertips to a Carey drive.

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/12/05/nx-s1-5632606/it-was-a-miracle-mom-who-had-a-stroke-while-pregnant-reflects-with-her-son
Article: StoryCorps Sharing And Preserving The Stories Of Our Lives 'It was a miracle': Mom who had a stroke while pregnant reflects with her son 'It was a miracle': Mom who had a stroke while pregnant reflects with her son Listen · 2:28 2:28 Marla Wendel was three months pregnant when she had a stroke.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/05/russia-willing-to-supply-uninterrupted-fuel-to-india-says-putin.html
Article: Putin made the offer during a joint address with Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Friday, part of his first visit to the country since Russia's full-scale invasion of Ukraine in 2022, which triggered widespread sanctions. India has become the second biggest buyer of Russian crude oil, after China, with a report Finland-based Centre for Research on Energy and Clean Air showing India bought 38% of Russian crude exports in October. has the right to buy our fuel, why shouldn't India have the same privilege?" While Trump has acknowledged that India has cut back its Russian oil imports, experts told CNBC that this may be a temporary trend.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/05/eu-regulators-hit-elon-musks-x-with-120-million-euro-fine-for-breaching-blocs-social-media-law.html
Article: Also known as the DSA, its a sweeping rulebook that requires platforms to take more responsibility for protecting European users and cleaning up harmful or illegal content and products on their sites, under threat of hefty fines.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/5/unsc-delegation-meets-lebanons-aoun-tours-south-amid-israeli-escalation?traffic_source=rss
Article: Lebanon’s President Joseph Aoun has met with a visiting United Nations Security Council (UNSC) delegation to discuss escalating tensions with Israel and efforts to disarm Hezbollah, a day after a wave of Israeli raids rocked the south of the country, according to Lebanon’s National News Agency (NNA). Speaking with the UNSC team on Friday, Aoun urged them to pressure Israel to respect a November 2024 ceasefire it has violated on a near-daily basis and to withdraw from areas it continues to occupy in southern Lebanon. Aoun earlier said the UN delegation, which is also due to meet with Prime Minister Nawaf Salam, Parliament Speaker Nabih Berri and Lebanese army commander Rodolphe Haykal, would tour southern Lebanon to check “the situation on the ground”. On Wednesday, civilian representatives from the two states held their first direct talks in decades, in a move hailed by the United States as a step towards “security, stability and a durable peace”. Then, on Thursday, Israel’s military carried out attacks in four southern Lebanese villages – its latest of hundreds, despite the 2024 truce, claiming to target Hezbollah infrastructure, but that have killed dozens of civilians and destroyed residential buildings and critical infrastructure. Al Jazeera’s correspondent in Beirut, Zeina Khodr, said the strikes sent a message that “negotiations will be held under fire, until Hezbollah is fully disarmed.” ‘Language of negotiation’ Aoun’s Information Minister Paul Morcos said the government views negotiations with Israel, set to restart on December 19, as the only way forward. This is the reality, and this is what history has taught us about wars,” Aoun, a former chief of the Lebanese army, said at a cabinet meeting, according to Morcos. The November 2024 ceasefire between Israel and Lebanon called for both states to halt hostilities, with Lebanon responsible for preventing armed groups from attacking Israel and Israel committed to ending offensive military actions. Qassem called the killing of Haytham Ali Tabatabai “a blatant aggression and a heinous crime”, adding that Hezbollah has “the right to respond, and we will determine the timing for that”.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/5/opening-pandoras-box-what-happens-if-the-us-attacks-venezuela?traffic_source=rss
Article: Since early September, the US has carried out military strikes on at least 21 Venezuelan boats it claims are trafficking drugs in the Caribbean and eastern Pacific, killing at least 87 people. In recent months, the US has deployed a considerable air and naval force to the Caribbean, close to the coast of Venezuela, including the world’s largest aircraft carrier, the USS Gerald Ford. “The pieces are in place for an air and missile attack,” Mark Cancian, a retired Marine Corps colonel and senior adviser with the Center for Strategic and International Studies, told Al Jazeera. While the Trump administration’s rhetoric has increasingly focused on the Maduro government, which it claims has links to drug gangs in Venezuela, analysts note that targeting alleged cartel-linked infrastructure would be easier to justify internationally and easier to conclude quickly. “I don’t really see that an attack is likely at all at this stage,” Elias Ferrer, founder of Orinoco Research and the lead editor of the Venezuelan media organisation Guacamaya, said. “Any move toward overt ground operations would encounter significant legal barriers, congressional pushback, and the shadow of Iraq and Afghanistan – all of which make a full occupation extremely unlikely,” Salvador Santino Regilme, a political scientist who leads the international relations programme at Leiden University in the Netherlands, told Al Jazeera. “One of the most likely losers out of such a situation is the Venezuelan opposition, only because they don’t have an armed wing or strong connections with the armed and security forces,” he said. “The opposition, which is already fragmented and socially uneven, would likely be further divided between those who welcome US pressure and those who fear being permanently discredited as foreign proxies,” he added. In that conflict, US officials quietly signalled to certain Iraqi units that if they stayed in their barracks and did not resist, they would not be targeted – an approach that helped limit resistance during the ground offensive. How is it trying to involve or marginalise the armed forces and the security forces?” He outlined the dilemma facing Washington: “Is it telling them, ‘Hey guys, you can stay in control of these businesses, these ministries – the generals can keep their posts’? Or is it going to do something like de-Baathification in Iraq, where they remove all the officers and fire all the soldiers to purge the armed forces of pro-Maduro elements?” Advertisement Marginalising the armed forces could trigger more, not less, violence, Ferrer warned. “Against that backdrop, a US attack would likely be experienced less as a moment of ‘liberation’ and more as yet another layer of insecurity, one that threatens what remains of access to food, medicine, electricity and basic services.” “Public opinion research shows deep distrust both toward the government and toward foreign military intervention, suggesting that popular reactions would be heterogeneous, ambivalent, and heavily shaped by class, geography, and political identity,” Santino Regilme added. “In the event of an armed conflict developing between Venezuela and the US, we understand that China’s capacity for influence would be reduced,” Carlos Pina, a Venezuelan political analyst, told Al Jazeera. According to Pina: “Moscow’s [role] would be linked to possible military advisory regarding the use of military equipment that this Eurasian country has sold to Caracas.” In any scenario, both countries would remain politically aligned with Maduro. During a cabinet meeting on Tuesday this week, Trump warned that any country producing narcotics would be a potential target, and singled out Colombia for producing cocaine, which ends up in the US. Santino Regilme told Al Jazeera that “what is being tested around Venezuela is less a single country policy than a broader template, where complex domestic crises are reframed as ‘narco-terrorist’ threats that justify extraterritorial use of force under the banners of law enforcement and counterterrorism”. Advertisement If applied to other countries in the region, he warned, this model could “further erode the already fragile constraints on the use of force in international law and weaken regional mechanisms that seek negotiated political settlements”. Santino Regilme added that such an approach would also deepen the trend towards managing transnational issues – like drug trafficking and migration – through militarisation rather than social, economic or public health interventions.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/list-of-democrats-most-at-risk-after-texas-redistricting-11161342
Article: Several Texas Democrats are at risk of losing their seats after the Supreme Court on Thursday allowed next year’s election to be held under the state’s new congressional map favorable to Republicans. Why It Matters President Donald Trump had pushed for the map, which would help the GOP preserve its slim majority in Congress in next year’s elections, triggering a national battle over redistricting. The new map moves the district away from Austin and into that of Representative Lloyd Doggett, potentially pitting the two Democrats into a race for the only remaining seat representing Austin or running in a newly created Central Texas district outside of San Antonio that Trump would have won by 10 points in 2024, according to VoteBeat. The move would shift it from one that voted for former Vice President Kamala Harris by nearly 24 percentage points in 2024 to one that would have favored Trump by nearly 18 points, according to The Dallas Morning News. Al Green Parts of Green’s 9th congressional district, which currently covers the southern part of Harris County, would shift to the eastern part of Houston and become a district hat Trump would have won by 15 points, according to VoteBeat. What People Are Saying Texas Attorney General Ken Paxton said in a statement that the Supreme Court’s order "defended Texas’s fundamental right to draw a map that ensures we are represented by Republicans.” He said: "Texas is paving the way as we take our country back, district by district, state by state. This map reflects the political climate of our state and is a massive win for Texas and every conservative who is tired of watching the left try to upend the political system with bogus lawsuits.” Texas Governor Greg Abbott said in a statement on X: "We won! Texas is officially—and legally—more red.” Democratic National Committee chairman Ken Martin said in a statement that the Supreme Court’s decision "to allow Texas Republicans’ rigged, racially gerrymandered maps to go into effect is wrong—both morally and legally. "Once again, the Supreme Court gave Trump exactly what he wanted: a rigged map to help Republicans avoid accountability in the midterms for turning their backs on the American people.” Representative Greg Casar wrote on X after the lower court’s decision last month: "The Trump Abbott maps are clearly illegal, and I’m glad these judges have blocked them. No matter what, we must fight to pass a federal ban on gerrymandering once and for all.” What’s Next Texas voters will cast their ballots using the redrawn map in next year’s midterm elections unless the Supreme Court later rules otherwise.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/wrestling/wwe-planning-imminent-main-roster-shift-report-11161043
Article: Bryan Alvarez of "Wrestling Observer Radio" brought word that the top professional wrestling company is set to move several notable "NXT" names to the "Monday Night Raw" and "Friday Night SmackDown" brands, possibly as soon as the next month. While the exact "NXT" names being discussed for a promotion were not revealed, major players such as Trick Williams and Oba Femi have long been rumored to make the jump. More News: Popular WWE Reality Show Receives Update NXT Stars to Watch Another interesting talent who fans have been pushing to be elevated to the main roster is Ethan Page. At 24 years old, Grey continues getting better in the ring, and it's to the point where some fans feel she's already outshining members of the "Raw" and "SmackDown" shows.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/map-reveals-best-and-worst-states-tax-2026-11160735
Article: The Tax Foundation, in its 2026 State Tax Competitiveness Index, measured how well tax systems are structured on over 150 variables across corporate, income, sales, property and unemployment insurance taxes, and in terms of how these contribute to a state’s broadly defined economic success. Why It Matters As noted in the analysis, the index highlights features of a tax system that support or undermine the “competitiveness of a state’s business environment,” cutting scores for things like a complexity, non-neutrality and comparatively high rates. The Tax Foundation acknowledges that this not a holistic measure of a tax structure’s overall success, and it omits metrics such as the quality of public services toward which taxes may contribute, as well as residents’ perceptions of their state's tax rates. However, The Tax Foundation says that its analysis can serve as a “valuable diagnostic tool” for policymakers, as well as citizens looking to assess how their tax burden compare with that of other states. “A state without a corporate or individual income tax definitionally cannot have structural shortcomings in the design of those taxes, hence Wyoming’s performance on the Index,” the Tax Foundation explains. While therefore reliant on its sales taxes, researchers note that this remains “highly competitive.” The remainder of the top ten states in the Tax Foundation’s rankings are: New York, on the other end of the index, stood out as the state with the worst structured tax system, described as “burdensome and highly nonneutral” by researchers. “To a significant degree, the draw of New York, and particularly New York City, has been enough to attract and retain individuals despite a high-rate, poorly structured tax code, just as many people choose to live in the city despite its high cost of living generally,” the state analysis reads. New Jersey came second to last, attributed to the state levying “all major categories of tax, typically at high rates and significant levels of complexity.” The remaining states at the bottom of the Tax Foundation’s rankings were: What People Are Saying The Tax Foundation writes in its analysis: “The modern market is characterized by mobile capital and labor, with all types of businesses, small and large, tending to locate where they have the greatest competitive advantage. The evidence shows that states with the best tax systems will be the most competitive at attracting new businesses and most effective at generating economic and employment growth.” What Happens Next Tax structures have proven far from immutable over the past few years, and the Tax Foundation highlighted a number whose rankings have significantly improved. These include Tennessee, which has climbed from 38th place to 8th since 2020, thanks to reducing the rates of its corporate gross receipts tax and becoming one of a handful of states to eliminate individual income tax. However, Oregon was one of those which fell significantly over this period, dropping from the 8th spot to 35th, having adopted a high gross receipts tax on top of its existing corporate income tax.

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/12/05/g-s1-100860/china-japan-feud-over-taiwan
Article: China in diplomatic push to isolate Japan in feud over Taiwan issue toggle caption Eugene Hoshiko/Pool AP SEOUL – The biggest feud between Japan and China in more than a decade appears to be escalating, with China trying to isolate Japan diplomatically, as punishment for Prime Minister Sanae Takaichi's remarks last month about Japan's possible involvement in a conflict over Taiwan. But 2015 security legislation allows it to use its military in self-defense, in response to an armed attack on Japan, or an attack on an ally (it only has one formal ally, the U.S.) that poses an existential threat to Japan. And it's a very costly, costly mistake," says Zhou Bo, a senior fellow at the Center for International Security and Strategy at Tsinghua University in Beijing, and a former People's Liberation Army senior colonel. "If I had just kept repeating the government's previous position over and over, the budget committee session could have been suspended," she said, but, "I was asked to provide specific examples, and I tried to respond faithfully." TAKAICHI WASN'T ALONE Takaichi is not the only leader to veer off script and appear to contradict a policy of strategic ambiguity. So this time, we have an interesting situation, that the tail is wagging the dog." Sponsor Message CYCLES IN JAPAN-CHINA TIES Another important bit of context, Akio Takahara says, is that Japan and China have had many ups and downs in their relationship, and so, he argues, ties will eventually bounce back. "There is no way China will just back down," Zhou says, "so the ball is in the court of the Japanese." In past the, experts note, China has let disputes with governments including South Korea, Australia and the Philippines fester, until a new administration comes in and makes appeasing gestures.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/05/airlines-government-shutdown-earnings-impact.html
Article: The carrier said it expects 2025 earnings before interest and taxes of about $500 million, down from a previous forecast of $600 million to $800 million because of lower revenue in the shutdown and higher fuel prices.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/05/morgan-stanley-upgrades-rare-earth-stock-says-the-us-has-chosen-it-as-solution-to-chinas-dominance.html
Article: MP YTD mountain MP YTD chart As a catalyst, De Alba pointed to MP's development of a "fully domestic rare earth mine-to-magnet supply chain in the U.S.," putting it in the prime position to benefit as the U.S. While Beijing has paused its rare earth restrictions for a year, De Alba said that this does not solve critical mineral or dependency issues from the U.S.'s part, or resolve the length and cumbersome process to obtain export licenses. "Geopolitical tensions, although temporarily subdued, continue to raise doubts about the supply of these critical components and elevate MP's strategic value, as evidenced by the historic deal with the Department of Defense this summer and more recently with the JV between the DoD, MP and Ma'aden," the analyst wrote. solution." The deal also underscores MP's vertical integration strategy to go from mine to magnet production, making it the only global fully integrated supplier of permanent magnets, the analyst added.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/05/elon-musks-x-fined-140-million-by-european-commission.html
Article: Social media giant X has been hit with a 120 million euro ($140 million) fine by the European Commission for breaching transparency obligations, in the latest challenge to a U.S. The Commission said breaches include "the deceptive design of its 'blue checkmark', the lack of transparency of its advertising repository, and the failure to provide access to public data for researchers." X has been approached for comment.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/05/putins-latest-warning-to-ukraine-shows-how-unlikely-a-peace-deal-is.html
Article: Contributor | Getty Images Russian President Vladimir Putin has warned Moscow will take Ukrainian territory by force if Kyiv's troops do not withdraw, signaling rigidity over a key sticking point in peace talks. "Either we liberate these territories by force of arms, or Ukrainian troops leave these territories," Putin, who is currently on a state visit to India, said in an interview with India Today. peace proposals for Ukraine, labeling the negotiation process "difficult work." 'Unlikely any time soon' The original 28-point peace plan — drawn up by Russian and American officials, with no input from Ukraine — reportedly included a requirement that Ukraine concede territory in the Donbas to Russia. Marnie Howlett, a lecturer in Russian and East European politics at the University of Oxford, told CNBC on Friday that the war would only end when Russia stops attacking Ukraine.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/mapped-us-sends-nuke-sniffer-plane-russia-pacific-coast-11160943
Article: The WC-135R Constant Phoenix atmospheric collection aircraft, commonly known as the "Nuke Sniffer," is capable of collecting particulate and gaseous effluents and debris in support of the 1963 Limited Nuclear Test Ban Treaty, the U.S. Why It Matters The deployment of the "Nuke Sniffer" from its home base in Nebraska follows Russian President Vladimir Putin's order last month to assess preparations for full-scale nuclear tests, in response to U.S. What To Know Flight tracking data from online service Flightradar24 shows that a WC-135R aircraft with registration 64-14829 departed Kadena Air Base on Japan's Okinawa Island on Thursday local time, flying northeast toward Japan's four main islands near Russia. aircraft was untrackable after flying over Hokkaido, the northernmost Japan's main island, until it "reappeared" on tracking about eight hours later, flying from the northeast over the Sea of Okhotsk toward Hokkaido, according to a Flightradar24 map. @MeNMyRC1, an open-source intelligence analyst on the social media platform X who tracks American spy planes, said this was the WC-135R aircraft's second flight since its deployment to Japan in late November, with the first occurring on Monday. Such missions are routinely conducted over the Far East, the Indian Ocean, the Bay of Bengal, the Mediterranean Sea, polar regions and off the coasts of South America and Africa to support the Limited Test Ban Treaty, according to a U.S. In August, a WC-135R aircraft, deployed in the United Kingdom, was tracked flying over the Barents Sea, west of Russia's archipelago of Novaya Zemlya, where Russia operates a launch site for testing the Burevestnik nuclear-powered cruise missile. Putin hailed the nuclear-armed missile as a "unique product, unlike anything else in the world." What People Are Saying @MeNMyRC1, an open-source intelligence analyst on the social media platform X, said: "The Constant Phoenix is designed to gather airborne samples from nuclear tests and/or airborne particles from accidents involving nuclear material, think Fukushima and Chernobyl." The U.S. Air Force said in its fact sheet: "The Constant Phoenix's modifications are primarily related to its on-board atmospheric collection suite, which allows the mission crew to detect radioactive 'clouds' in real time. The aircraft is equipped with external flow-through devices to collect particulates on filter paper and a compressor system for whole air samples collected in holding spheres." What Happens Next It remains to be seen whether the Japan-based WC-135R aircraft will conduct further flight missions near Russia's Far East or near nuclear-armed North Korea and China.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/pets-feeling-happy-makes-your-dog-seem-sad-11155388
Article: This is the conclusion of a new study by behavioral scientists at Arizona State University (ASU), who found that when people felt happy, they rated dogs as sad, while people in a negative mood are more likely to see dogs as happy. Why It Matters The researchers say the findings matter because misreading a dog’s emotions is not just an awkward moment⁠⁠⁠—it can shape how people relate to dogs and take care of them. “I feel like we are just scratching at the surface of what is turning out to be quite a big mystery.” Previous research has revealed that misreading or overlooking emotional cues in dogs can lead to inappropriate handling, and even lead to animals getting stressed. We strive to help people understand their dogs better so they can lead richer and more satisfying lives together." Do you have a tip on a science story that Newsweek should be covering?

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/iran-warns-us-stay-away-naval-war-drills-11160946
Article: The alert comes as Tehran launches a large-scale drill across the Persian Gulf, Strait of Hormuz and Sea of Oman that's designed to showcase its defensive readiness and deterrent capabilities. The IRGC's naval drill and its explicit warning to American warships signal that Iran is prepared to defend its waters and assert control over strategic maritime corridors, a situation with global implications as the Persian Gulf and Strait of Hormuz are critical arteries for about a fifth of the world's oil supply, meaning any escalation could disrupt energy markets and heighten geopolitical instability across Europe, Asia and beyond. Disputed Islands The drill also followed the Gulf Cooperation Council's joint summit on Wednesday with Italy in Bahrain, which backed the United Arab Emirates' claim to three disputed islands in the Persian Gulf: Greater Tunb, Lesser Tunb and Abu Musa. Last week, a top aide to Iranian Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei issued a stern warning to Gulf states, saying they "should not play with Tehran's red lines" regarding the islands. forces still active in the region, analysts expect Tehran to continue using naval drills and warnings as strategic leverage, particularly around the Strait of Hormuz, while Washington weighs its next moves in response to Iran's assertive stance.

Link: https://abc7.com/post/new-jaguar-spotted-arizona-points-progress-endangered-species-recovery/18253385/
Article: The University of Arizona Wild Cat Research and Conservation Center says it's the fifth big cat over the last 15 years to be spotted in the area after crossing the U.S.-Mexico border. It signifies this edge population of jaguars continues to come here because they're finding what they need," Susan Malusa, director of the center's jaguar and ocelot project, said during an interview Thursday. As an indicator species, Malusa said the continued presence of big cats in the region suggests a healthy landscape but that climate change and border barriers can threaten migratory corridors.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c9vjrg1nky0o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: 32 minutes ago Share Save Mark Savage , Music correspondent and Ian Youngs , Culture reporter Share Save Reuters The next contest is due to be held in Vienna in May 2026 after Austrian singer JJ triumphed at this year's event Thursday marked the biggest crisis in the history of the Eurovision Song Contest. There has also been consternation over the voting and campaigning processes after Israel came top of the public vote this year - finishing second overall after the jury votes were taken into account. He added that organisers should have addressed Israel's alleged manipulation of the public vote should have resulted in sanctions "at an executive level", instead of asking EBU members to decide on any consequences. Finland said its attendance was conditional on Eurovision securing a "large number" of other participants, adding: "The costs for participating organisations must not increase unreasonably." Eurovision author and academic Dean Vuletic told BBC Radio 4's Today programme: "The next couple of weeks are going to be tense as countries confirm whether or not they're going to participate in Eurovision next year. Free speech factor Amid all the drama, there's a small detail in the EBU's press release that sheds some light on why many countries were keen to keep Israel's broadcaster, Kan, in the contest. "It's not the government of Israel, it's the public broadcaster." Kan's association with Eurovision is believed to have protected it from threats of closure or finding cuts - because the government recognises the positive PR power of taking part in the contest. Other countries will now have to pick up that bill – although the costs will presumably be shared between all competitors, with France, Germany, Italy and the UK taking the lion's share. "To lose some of your biggest financial contributors does have a huge impact, and it also has a ripple-down effect for some of the smaller countries," according to Jess Carniel of the University of Southern Queensland, a Eurovision scholar. "So it does probably mean that we might have a smaller show [in 2026], unless the Austrian broadcaster can get together a bit more cash to make sure that it's still a spectacle." Severely wounded That all means the competition is severely wounded, but the injuries aren't fatal... "We're losing countries that have got an illustrious and storied history in the competition." The four boycotting countries won't change their minds before next May's contest in Vienna, Mr Rowe said.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cpvdjjy182go?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Man, 18, struck on motorway Tasered before death 45 minutes ago Share Save Sarah Turnnidge Bristol Share Save National Highways Logan Smith, 18, died after being hit by a car on the M5 in North Somerset on Sunday An 18-year-old who got out of an ambulance on a motorway was Tasered by police before he was hit by a car and died, the police watchdog has said. The Independent Office for Police Conduct (IOPC) said he was being taken to hospital when concerned paramedics stopped the ambulance on the hard shoulder of the northbound carriageway of the M5. Police were called when Mr Smith walked onto the carriageway, and the officer was captured on bodycam footage discharging their Taser, causing him to fall to the ground where he was hit by a car. In a statement given after the incident, Avon and Somerset Police Assistant Chief Constable Joanne Hall said: "This incident has had a significant effect on our officers and ambulance crews who are understandably incredibly upset by what happened. "As well as providing support to the man's family, we are also making sure that the appropriate welfare arrangements are in place for our staff and also for those members of the public who were either directly involved or who witnessed the incident." Follow BBC Bristol on Facebook, X and Instagram.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cy84ggnl8y7o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Evidence of burial ground at Tuam mother and baby home 31 minutes ago Share Save Chris Page BBC News Ireland correspondent Share Save ODAIT It corresponds to an area labelled as "burial ground" on historical maps of the site An excavation team said it has found evidence of a burial ground at the site of the former institution for unmarried mothers and their children in Tuam in County Galway. The institution at Tuam came to international attention in 2014, after local historian Catherine Corless discovered there were 796 death certificates for children and babies who died there, but no burial records. ODAIT A well shaft located during the excavation It said it found "graves of child or infant size" at an area on the western edge of the site, where excavations have been carried out under a tent. "The layout and size of the graves is consistent evidence that, at this part of the site, there is a burial ground from the time of the operation of the mother-and-baby institution." The institution was open from 1925 until 1961.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c4g9kejzvw0o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Elon Musk's X fined €120m over 'deceptive' blue ticks "This deception exposes users to scams, including impersonation frauds, as well as other forms of manipulation by malicious actors," it said . The European Commission said by allowing people to pay for a blue verified check mark on their profile, the platform "deceives users" because the firm is not "meaningfully verifying" who is behind the account. In addition to taking issue at its use of blue ticks, EU regulators said X was also failing to provide transparency around its adverts, and it was not giving researchers access to public data. The action constitutes the Commission's first decision on a platform's "non-compliance" with its Digital Services Act (DSA) - one of two rulebooks online firms must follow in order to operate their services in the EU.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/football/articles/clyd77mz8z1o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Some tickets for matches early in the tournament - in a few of the less prestigious locations - are available for $60 (£44), but stadium map images show they are a tiny proportion of available seats.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/football/articles/cy8v4j0nn0ro?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: The draw for the 2026 World Cup will take place on Friday at 17:00 GMT and can be watched on BBC iPlayer and followed on the BBC Sport website and App.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/formula1/articles/c4g488x5md2o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: McLaren are prepared to use Oscar Piastri to help Lando Norris' title bid if there comes a point in the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix when the Australian can no longer win the championship. But Norris has a 16-point lead over Piastri going into the final race of the season at Yas Marina, with Red Bull's Max Verstappen between them, 12 points behind the Briton.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/cricket/videos/cm20zz1q40yo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: England take three late wickets but are left to rue five dropped catches as Australia close on 378-6 at stumps on day two of the second Ashes Test in Brisbane.

Link: https://www.npr.org/sections/goats-and-soda/2025/12/05/g-s1-100428/gaza-israel-hamas-war-ceasefire-peace-compassion
Article: We asked Israelis and Palestinians we spoke to in 2023 toggle caption tk In November 2023, shortly after, shortly after Hamas attacked Israel and Israel launched a full-out war in Gaza, NPR published a story that asked a handful of Jewish Israelis and Palestinians to share their innermost thoughts. The possibility of peace When asked, Oded Adomi Leshem, a political psychologist who directs the International Hub for Hope Research at Hebrew University, says he believes peace between Palestinians and Jewish Israelis is possible. When he was a boy growing up in Gaza, his father taught him to look for the humanity in everyone — even the Israeli soldiers who entered the enclave and took over and occupied his family's home in 2000. Sponsor Message "I saw my dad insisting that we should not allow them to turn us into hateful, vengeful people, and I think that is his greatest gift," he told NPR two years ago. "I have a country in my heart and my thoughts and in my dreams." The losses borne by the Palestinian people over these last two years have tested his father's words "like never before," Bashir says. "I'm different today because I carry grief and purpose at the same time, and both feel permanent." That purpose is to help create a better world for his fellow Palestinians. "And he says 'Arabic, English, Spanish,' and I add Hebrew because it's important to understand the language and the culture of the people we are at conflict with." That understanding, Bashir believes, may be a path toward peace — and of loving those who may never love you in return. toggle caption tk The first time NPR spoke with her, days after the war began, she had traveled to a hotel near the Dead Sea to help treat Jewish evacuees who had survived the Hamas attack. That felt to me too much." Sponsor Message The weight of those images — along with extended family members of hers who were killed in Gaza — crushed Qasem Hassan. "So I feel it's my duty to speak up." Qasem Hassan has spoken up within Israel and beyond about the crimes she believes that Israel is committing against the Palestinian people. (Israel's leadership says it is targeting Hamas militants and trying to minimize civilian casualties, accusing militants of hiding among them.) Sometimes her words have gotten her into trouble, like when she was cut off mid-interview on Israeli television after speaking about the devastation of the health care system in Gaza. He says the star told him, "You just need to follow me." The star infused Inon with a powerful sense that peace is real and within reach, should we choose it.

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/12/05/g-s1-100868/up-first-newsletter-pete-hegseth-signal-january-6-pipe-bomber-texas-gerrymandering
Article: Sponsor Message 🎧 The FBI affidavit shows financial evidence that Cole bought items that were consistent with the ones used to build the pipe bombs that authorities found, according to NPR's Ryan Lucas. Weekend picks toggle caption Andrew Eccles Check out what NPR is watching, reading and listening to this weekend: 🍿 Movies: Feeling festive and ready to dive into some of this year's notable holiday movies? 🎮 Gaming: All Things Considered producer Vincent Acovino describes Metroid Prime 4: Beyond as "baffling." While he praised the game's sound design and graphics, Acovino criticized the lack of puzzle-solving and annoying sidekicks. ❓ Quiz: I scored a smooth nine out of 11 this week, which apparently lands me on the "nice list." Now it is your turn to see if you make the list too. Sponsor Message 3 things to know before you go toggle caption Spotify This year's Spotify Wrapped is bluntly taking a crack at their users' "listening age," which is based on what era of music they listen to. The company says it "serves as a symbol of calming influence." Canadian Museum of Nature researchers have identified a new species of rhino that once roamed Canada's High Arctic 23 million years ago.

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/12/05/nx-s1-5620600/morning-news-brief
Article: National Morning news brief Morning news brief Listen · 10:49 10:49 Hegseth under fire amid new Signalgate report and boat strike briefing, the FBI arrests man they say planted pipe bombs near the U.S.

Link: https://www.washingtonpost.com/lifestyle/2025/12/05/karl-bushby-walk-around-world/
Article: “That conversation gathered steam, until eventually I did the math and thought, ‘this is doable’…I became semi-obsessed with what it would take to achieve something like this.” A few years later, in 1998, he stood at the edge of Punta Arenas, Chile — about as far from his hometown of Hull, England, as a person can get on foot — ready to begin a 31,000-mile expedition he thought would take roughly 12 years. Bushby’s trek — which he has called the Goliath Expedition — has taken far longer than he anticipated because of financial challenges, visa issues, travel bans, political barriers and the covid-19 pandemic. “Paratroopers are all about fitness and endurance and distance, so that all played into it.” Bushby also said being in the army — and losing several friends — made him think a lot about death. “The Americas very quickly became survival mode…this was literally finding food at the side of the road to keep yourself going.” Bushby’s family started helping him out financially, and people began donating as they heard of his trek. “I may be the guy alone on the road, but there is a massive network of support that keeps me upright and moving forward.” Even with support, Bushby has faced several seemingly insurmountable obstacles. “As it turned out, we managed to nail it on the first go, which no one expected, least of all us.” Once Bushby arrived in Russia, he hit another hurdle: he was detained for entering the country at an incorrect border. In 2013, he was banned from reentering Russia for five years due to his initial border violation, so Bushby walked from Los Angeles to the Russian embassy in Washington, D.C. Bushby said he has learned a lot over the past nearly three decades, but one thing stands out: “99.99 percent of the people I’ve met have been the very best in humanity,” he said. “The world is a much kinder, nicer place than it often seems.” Bushby said that anytime he was ill or down on his luck, a stranger would swoop in and help — either with shelter, a meal, financial support or guidance. “The overwhelming kindness of strangers was a shocker for me.” He said he has only suffered one major injury — he slipped and gashed open his wrist — and he gave himself stitches. “It’s hard to adjust, and that’s obviously going to be the case.” Bushby is passionate about science education, and he plans to shift his focus to that once he’s home.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Entertainment/netflix-set-buy-warner-bros-deal-valued-83/story?id=128137487
Article: "This acquisition brings together two pioneering entertainment businesses, combining Netflix’s innovation, global reach and best-in-class streaming service with Warner Bros.’ century-long legacy of world-class storytelling," Netflix said in the statement released Friday morning. "Beloved franchises, shows and movies such as The Big Bang Theory, The Sopranos, Game of Thrones, The Wizard of Oz and the DC Universe will join Netflix’s extensive portfolio including Wednesday, Money Heist, Bridgerton, Adolescence and Extraction, creating an extraordinary entertainment offering for audiences worldwide," the company continued. Fallon/AFP via Getty Images The transaction is expected to close after the previously announced separation of WBD’s Global Networks division, Discovery Global, into a new publicly-traded company, which is now expected to be completed in Q3 2026, Netflix said. “By combining Warner Bros.’ incredible library of shows and movies—from timeless classics like Casablanca and Citizen Kane to modern favorites like Harry Potter and Friends—with our culture-defining titles like Stranger Things, KPop Demon Hunters and Squid Game, we'll be able to do that even better. Together, we can give audiences more of what they love and help define the next century of storytelling.” The cash and stock transaction has a total enterprise value of approximately $82.7 billion and an equity value of $72 billion, Netflix said.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Technology/wireStory/cloudflare-investigates-outage-brought-sites-including-zoom-linkedin-128135349
Article: Internet infrastructure company Cloudflare says it is investigating an outage that disrupted several global websites, including LinkedIn and Zoom, on Friday morning Cloudflare investigates outage that brought down sites including Zoom and LinkedIn By The Associated Press FILE - Lava lamps are seen through a lobby window at the headquarters of Cloudflare in San Francisco, on Aug. (AP Photo/Eric Risberg, File) MADRID -- Internet infrastructure company Cloudflare on Friday said it was investigating an outage that took place in the morning that brought down several global websites including LinkedIn, Zoom and others, the second such crash to affect the company in less than three weeks. Cloudflare said the issue had been resolved, and that it was was “investigating issues with Cloudflare Dashboard and related APIs,” or application programming interface that allow different apps to communicate with each other.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Technology/wireStory/eu-hits-elon-musks-120-million-euro-fine-128135245
Article: European Union regulators have fined Elon Musk’s social media platform X 120 million euros for failing to comply with digital regulations FILE - Workers install lighting on an "X" sign atop the company headquarters in downtown San Francisco, July 28, 2023. (AP Photo/Noah Berger, File) LONDON -- European Union regulators on Friday fined Elon Musk’s social media platform X 120 million euros ($140 million) for breaches of the bloc’s digital regulations that they said could leave users exposed to scams and manipulation. The sweeping rulebook requires platforms to take more responsibility for protecting European users and cleaning up harmful or illegal content and products on their sites, under threat of hefty fines. Before Musk acquired X, when it was previously known as Twitter, the checkmarks mirrored verification badges common on social media and were largely reserved for celebrities, politicians and other influential accounts. The means X does not meaningfully verify who's behind the account, “making it difficult for users to judge the authenticity of accounts and content they engage with,” the Commission said in its announcement. Platforms in the EU are required to provide a database of all the digital advertisements they have carried, with details such as who paid for them and the intended audience, to help researches detect scams, fake ads and coordinated influence campaigns. But X's database, the Commission said, is undermined by design features and access barriers such as "excessive delays in processing.” Regulators also said X also puts up “unnecessary barriers” for researchers trying to access public data, which stymies research into systemic risks that European users face.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/05/neflix-warner-bros-discovery-deal.html
Article: It will also include the content of HBO Max, including "The Sopranos" and "Game of Thrones." "Our mission has always been to entertain the world," said Ted Sarandos, Netflix co-CEO, in a news release. "By combining Warner Bros.' incredible library of shows and movies—from timeless classics like 'Casablanca' and 'Citizen Kane' to modern favorites like Harry Potter and 'Friends'—with our culture-defining titles like 'Stranger Things,' 'KPop Demon Hunters' and 'Squid Game,' we'll be able to do that even better. Together, we can give audiences more of what they love and help define the next century of storytelling." The acquisition is expected to close after the TV networks separation takes place, now expected in the third quarter of 2026.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/05/stocks-making-the-biggest-moves-premarket-rbrk-nflx-vsco-sofi-ulta.html
Article: The firm also predicts that sales at store open at least 14 months and online will rise between 4.4% and 4.7%, up from its previous estimate of between 2.5% and 3.5%. Wedbush said the stock was dropping as investors may consider DocuSign's guidance as "conservative." Victoria's Secret & Co — The lingerie and apparel company reported a narrower-than-expected quarterly loss and a 9% increase in net sales, prompting the stock to pop more than 11%. The company also raised its full-year outlook, saying it's "well positioned for a successful holiday season." SentinelOne — Cybersecurity provider SentinelOne saw its shares fall about 9% after saying its fourth-quarter revenue would be $271 million, below analysts' expectations of $273 million, LSEG data shows.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/05/wall-street-loves-metas-reported-metaverse-cuts-most-analysts-see-20percent-plus-gain-for-stock.html
Article: Meta's stock climbed 5% on Thursday following Bloomberg's report, which said that executives are considering budget cuts as high as 30% for the unit, citing people familiar with the talks. "The news today, in our view, suggests Meta can deliver continued product-led growth as it reallocates resources to its greatest opportunities," wrote Citi analyst Ronald Josey, who reiterated Meta as his top stock pick. "We are encouraged that Meta is hearing the message from the Street on expense discipline, though we still believe it is important to emphasize guardrails around GAAP EPS growth, operating income growth, and positive FCF amidst the heavy capex buildout." Wells Fargo: overweight, $802 Wells Fargo's forecast corresponds to upside of around 21%. "See press reports of potential 30% budget cuts at Reality Labs as clear sign that Meta leadership is taking an active approach to re-orient the cost structure to AI-related initiatives. "Our Take: While we assume costs will still grow materially in 2026, and at a faster rate than in 2025, we think it is constructive to think about the magnitude of flexibility that Meta may have with 2026 cost allocations. In other words, Meta likely has cost contingencies next year to help maintain EPS growth even if there are macro pressures on revenues." Citi: buy, $850 Analyst Ronald Josey's forecast is 28% above Meta's Thursday closing price. "While a 10% annual expense reduction has been the norm at Meta since 2022, the potential significant cut from Metaverse investments clearly frees up resources for Super Intelligence Labs as newer AI products come to market in '26. Super Intelligence relative to revenue growth and the news today, in our view, suggests Meta can deliver continued product-led growth as it reallocates resources to its greatest opportunities." Rosenblatt: buy, $1,117 The firm's price target was approximately 69% higher than where Meta closed on Thursday. The news if true "could be meaningfully helpful for the equity … Our belief is that Reality spending, which drives we estimate $17.6B of operating losses in 2025E, is largely operating expense, not capex … So a pare back to focus on more imminent priorities could be very helpful for sentiment, and help relate the stock to a multiple more appropriate for its cash flow growth — i.e. closer to our $1,117 price target, which we believe is Street high, and which assumes an EV of 20x 2026E EBITDA." NewStreet Research: no rating, no price target "The reported cuts are not only highly rational but help relieve growing investor anxiety ahead of the initial 2026 total expense guidance range on the late January, 4Q25 earnings call … Today's report is reassuring investors that META is doubling down on efforts to rationalize costs and partially offset near-certain margin contraction in 2026, driven by accelerating depreciation growth and new employee compensation for Meta Superintelligence Lab (MSL) hires."

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/05/londons-canary-wharf-gains-momentum-as-visa-jpmorgan-lease-space.html
Article: Visa is moving its European headquarters to London's financial district, hot on the heels of an announcement by JPMorgan that it will build a landmark tower in an area considered to be the city's answer to Wall Street. Visa, whose European headquarters is currently at Paddington in the west of London, has signed a 15-year, 300,000 square foot lease at One Canada Square in Canary Wharf, according to Canary Wharf Group. It follows news that JPMorgan intends to build a new 3 million square foot tower in the city's historic financial district, while HSBC , BBVA , Barclays , Citibank and others have recommitted to the area in 2025. There are three main reasons for a resurgence of the district, Shobi Khan, CEO, Canary Wharf Group, told CNBC in September, at which point Canary Wharf's vacancy rate was 6%. First is the convenience of the Elizabeth line railway, which has provided access to the area that has "never been better," as well as the fact the space is now multi-use, featuring residential home and hotels as well as offices. The construction pipeline is basically turning off after 2026 and so rents are being increased, we're pushing rents and getting the benefit of having limited space for occupants to look at," Khan said.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/5/uninterrupted-oil-shipments-key-takeaways-from-putin-modi-talks-in-delhi?traffic_source=rss
Article: New Delhi, India – Under a thick blanket of smog in the world’s most polluted city, the leaders of Russia and India put on a display of diplomatic resilience, projecting a message that their bilateral partnership remains insulated from widening global fractures. At the Russia-India annual bilateral summit in New Delhi – against a backdrop of intensifying Western pressure, punctuated by recent United States tariff threats and the ongoing negotiations to end Russia’s war in Ukraine – the two leaders framed their relationship as a stabilising force. While Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi hailed the two countries’ relations as “steadfast like a pole star”, Russia’s President Vladimir Putin showered praise on his Indian counterpart for resisting “external pressure” and investing in the shared bond. In a rare break from protocol, Modi was present at the airport in Delhi to receive Putin on Thursday night, and shared the car ride back to the Indian PM’s residence for dinner, in what has come to be known as “limo diplomacy” as Putin often uses his Aurus limousine to hold talks. And, in a major signal to the West, Putin said: “Russia is ready for uninterrupted shipments of fuel to India.” Importing Russian crude has put India in a geopolitical bind and soured relations with the US, which believes it is financing the war in Ukraine. Earlier this year, US President Donald Trump hit India with an additional trade tariff of 25 percent – bringing the total to 50 percent on Indian goods exported to the US – because of its continuing purchase of Russian oil. “The biggest takeaway from the summit is the signalling that neither side has any intention to dilute this relationship, and is ready to withstand any external pressure,” said Harsh Pant, a geopolitics analyst at New Delhi-based think tank, the Observer Research Foundation. Robinder Sachdev, president of the Imagindia Institute, a Delhi-based think tank, said that the summit holds “extreme importance for the greater willingness on the part of both Russia and India to turbocharge this relationship”. “That can be the biggest string in this bilateral relationship.” Neither leader took questions after their media statements, which Putin concluded by saying that the Russian delegation was pleased with agreements that will “deepen” the bilateral partnership. In his statement, Modi said the two countries’ “Economic Cooperation Programme” is designed to diversify, balance, and make trade and investment sustainable, and further expand export, co-production, and co-innovation opportunities. Modi also said that increasing the “connectivity” between Moscow and New Delhi is a “major priority for us”, noting that energy security has been a “strong and important pillar” of bilateral relations. Advertisement Modi also mentioned the opening of two new Indian consulates in Russia last month, and introduced two new 30-day visa schemes that would be made available for Russian tourists in India soon. “India and Russia have long supported each other, and worked shoulder to shoulder in the fight against terrorism,” said Modi, mentioning the April attack in Kashmir and the attack on Crocus City Hall in Moscow in 2024. India did not pressure Russia over Ukraine Russia and India have held an annual bilateral summit since 2000, for which the Indian prime minister visits Russia one year, and the Russian president returns the visit the following year. “The world should return to peace, and we support every effort towards peace,” said Modi, adding, “India-Russia relations should grow and touch new heights.” Expressing his gratitude to Modi, Putin said, “The two nations also have relations in the military sphere, in space development, artificial intelligence, and other areas … and we intend to move forward in all these areas.” India is walking a tightrope between Russia and the West New Delhi is currently caught in a precarious geopolitical equation, a reality that has starkly tested the scope of India’s foreign policy. And India’s dependence on the Russian military sector was recently made apparent during New Delhi’s four-day clashes with Pakistan, with real-time reliance on Russian platforms such as the S-400 missile system and Sukhoi Su-30MKI fighters. Investing in ties with Moscow and hosting Putin at this time allows New Delhi some leverage in a fragmented global order and maintains what it calls “strategic autonomy” to pursue its “multi-alignment” foreign policy. The Delhi summit allowed the leaders to double down on that “neither side wants to bring this relationship down, and both sides want to invest diplomatic capital,” said Pant, of the ORF. Putin was defiant over US pressure on oil The Russian president said that despite Western sanctions against Moscow and the imposition of the White House’s punishing tariffs on India for importing Russian oil, the bilateral energy cooperation largely “remains unaffected”. “This question deserves thorough examination, and we stand ready to discuss it, including with President (Donald) Trump.” India-Russia trade has undergone a major shift since 2022, ballooning from a modest $10bn to a record nearly $69bn this year, primarily fuelled by New Delhi’s appetite for discounted Russian crude oil. Furthermore, the latest official data from India’s commerce ministry reveals that India reduced its crude imports from Russia by 38 percent in value compared with last year, down from a record high $5.8bn last year to $3.55bn this October. While noting that the import numbers have come down, Putin stressed that trade remains “unaffected by current conditions, fleeting political swings or the tragic events in Ukraine” and added that Russian businesses had built a solid and efficient commercial relationship with India, one based on mutual trust. Putin landed in New Delhi with an entourage which included Andrei Belousov, his defence minister, and a large delegation from business and industry, including top executives of Russian state arms exporter Rosoboronexport. While Singh looked to further the Indian government’s aim to build capacity in its indigenous defence industry, the Russian defence minister emphasised “the Russian defence industry’s [readiness] to support India towards becoming self-reliant in the field of defence production”, a joint statement read. Advertisement A Russian delegation also expressed interest in importing fishery and meat products from India and resolving market access issues, the Indian government said in a separate statement following a meeting between agriculture ministers on the sidelines.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/video/newsfeed/2025/12/5/four-killed-in-drug-boat-attack-ordered-by-us-defence-chief?traffic_source=rss
Article: Four killed in ‘drug boat’ attack ordered by US defence chief NewsFeed Four killed in ‘drug boat’ attack ordered by US defence chief The US military says it killed four people in an air strike on a suspected drug boat in in the Eastern Pacific.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/sports/liveblog/2025/12/5/live-fifa-2026-world-cup-draw?traffic_source=rss
Article: blinking-dot Live updates Live updates, LIVE: FIFA World Cup 2026 draw Follow our live build-up, with analysis and all the latest news, ahead of the draw for next year’s FIFA World Cup.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/video/newsfeed/2025/12/5/syrians-gather-to-celebrate-first-anniversary-of-assads-fall?traffic_source=rss
Article: Syrians gather to celebrate first anniversary of Assad’s fall NewsFeed Syrians gather to celebrate first anniversary of Assad’s fall Tens of thousands of Syrians have gathered in Hama to celebrate the first anniversary of the fall of Bashar al-Assad.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/5/as-hong-kong-reckons-with-worst-fire-in-decades-many-see-echoes-of-2019?traffic_source=rss
Article: As Hong Kong grapples with the aftermath of a devastating housing estate fire that killed at least 159 people, the tragedy has revived some of the mistrust and divisions in the city that exploded in the form of 2019’s antigovernment protests. The number of casualties has kept climbing since the fire was extinguished on November 28 – after burning for more than 40 hours – but Wang Fuk Court is on track to be one of the worst fires on record since a 1948 blaze killed 176 people. We would have expected the government to have … put out the fire.” After the fire broke out, Hong Kongers quickly mobilised in ways not seen since the 2019 protests, when citizens, community groups, and religious groups distributed food, water, and shelter to young protesters – even if they did not always agree with them. Hong Konger Athena Tong, a visiting research fellow at the University of Tokyo, echoed a view held by many in the city – that the government was slow to respond. “The fact that it was necessary for society, the everyday citizens, to mobilise at that scale to help with relief demonstrates that there is no trust that the government is competent,” Tong told Al Jazeera. Online, Hong Kongers began to question the government’s early response, including an early suggestion from officials and experts that Wang Fuk Court’s bamboo scaffolding – a Hong Kong construction tradition – was responsible for the fire and should be replaced with metal. But some of the discontent comes from the way the 2019 protests – and the deep existential questions they raised about the future of Hong Kong – were never really resolved, according to observers. The protests broke out in 2019 over plans to amend Hong Kong’s extradition agreement with China, but they erupted into a widespread antigovernment movement as a range of grievances began to surface – some dating back to the city’s 1997 return to Chinese sovereignty. The pushback ranged from issues such as how Hong Kong’s local leader would be chosen to whether Beijing was backpedalling on promises that the former British colony would retain a “high degree of autonomy” until 2047 under the “one country, two systems” agreement with China. Pro-government Hong Kongers and Chinese officials, by contrast, saw the protests as a city descending into chaos, possibly encouraged by foreign powers like the US government, which wanted to destabilise Hong Kong for their own reasons. “If you look at the response they have to a lot of issues, especially when it comes to people being critical about their policies, and even this time when people were trying to help,” she told Al Jazeera, “These things wouldn’t have happened before.” Earlier this week, a Hong Kong government spokesperson said “foreign forces and anti-China and destabilising forces” had been disseminating fake news online and through “seditious pamphlets” to “maliciously smear the rescue work, instigate social division and conflict to undermine the society’s unity” in language highly reminiscent of its 2019 remarks. Their comments were echoed by Hong Kong’s Office for Safeguarding National Security of the Central People’s Government, which said a “small number of external hostile forces” were trying to exploit the tragedy and “replicate tactics from the anti-extradition bill unrest” in 2019 to disrupt rescue and recovery efforts, according to China’s state-run Global Times newspaper. Hong Kong police have arrested at least 15 people as of Friday for suspected manslaughter in relation to the fire, and separately arrested at least three others on suspicion of sedition and “attempting to incite discord”, according to local media reports. Ronny Tong, a member of the local government’s Executive Council, told Al Jazeera that little information has been released about the sedition-related arrests, and the national security charges against them would have relied on more evidence than criticism of the government. Over the past week, the government promised Wang Fuk Court residents would receive free housing until their homes were rebuilt, and offered a subsidy of 100,000 Hong Kong dollars ($12,847). Hong Kong leader John Lee has also called for an independent committee to investigate the fire and review Hong Kong’s building works system, although only a limited number of details have been released. “The government, at the moment, is looking into whether there have been any corruption practices involved [in the fire], and then there is a question of rebuilding,” Ronny Tong said.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/5/turkiye-orders-arrest-of-top-tier-footballers-officials-in-gambling-probe?traffic_source=rss
Article: Prosecutors in Turkiye have ordered the detention of 46 people, including 29 footballers from top-tier clubs, club presidents, commentators and others, as part of a widening investigation into insider betting that has roiled the country’s professional football leagues. The investigation has rocked Turkish football, with six referees placed in pre-trial detention on November 10, along with the president of Eyupspor, a club in Turkiye’s top Super Lig division. Prosecutors did not identify the other 26 players suspected of bets involving their own teams, but said Mert Hakan Yandas, who plays for Fenerbahce, another major Istanbul club, had placed bets through someone else’s account. Two club presidents were among those targeted by the order for “attempting to influence the outcome” of a match between their two third-division teams in the 2023-2024 season, the statement said. Advertisement The match had caught the attention of investigators because neither side had even made one attempt to score a goal, Turkish media reported, with several newspapers saying that was where the entire investigation began. So far, the Turkish Football Federation (TFF) has suspended more than 1,000 Turkish players, 25 of them from the Super Lig, with the sanctions ranging from 45 days to 12 months.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/sports/2025/12/5/iranian-delegation-in-us-for-world-cup-draw-after-threatening-boycott?traffic_source=rss
Article: Iranian football team’s head coach Ardeshir Amir Ghalenoei has arrived in Washington, DC, with a delegation of the Islamic Republic of Iran Football Federation, before the draw for the FIFA World Cup 2026. FIFA confirmed the delegation’s presence in the United States capital on Friday, as preparations continue for the expanded 48-team tournament next summer, which will be hosted by the US, Canada and Mexico. While Iran had applied for nine visas for their delegation, Iranian football federation (FFIRI) spokesman Amir Mehdi Alavi was quoted as saying the US had granted four visas, including coach Ghalenoei. “We have informed FIFA that the decisions taken have nothing to do with sports, and the members of the Iranian delegation will not participate in the World Cup draw,” he told state television last week. “We have told the head of FIFA, Mr [Gianni] Infantino, that it is purely a political position and that FIFA must tell them [US] to desist from this behaviour,” added Taj. “FIFA has welcomed the arrival of the Islamic Republic of Iran Football Federation delegation to Washington, DC, including head coach Ardeshir Ghalenoei, to attend the FIFA World Cup 2026 Final Draw and the team seminar,” the global body said in a statement. Advertisement “FIFA looks forward to continuing to work with the Federation and the host country authorities to ensure preparations for their participation at the FIFA World Cup 2026 next summer.” Iran secured qualification earlier this year through the Asian qualifiers and will discover their group-stage opponents at the draw later on Friday at the John F Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts. They had, though, been holding high-level nuclear talks between Tehran and Washington that had begun in April, during which the two sides were at odds over Iran’s right to enrich uranium – a right that Tehran defends as “inalienable”. However, they ended when, in mid-June, Israel launched an unprecedented bombing campaign against Iran, triggering a 12-day war that the US briefly joined, with strikes on key Iranian nuclear facilities.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/business/media/netflix-to-buy-warner-bros-rcna247510
Article: Discovery announced Friday it has agreed to sell its streaming and studios assets to Netflix in a deal valued at $82.7 billion, setting the stage for one of the most sweeping and consequential mergers in modern Hollywood history. “By combining Warner Bros.’ incredible library of shows and movies—from timeless classics like Casablanca and Citizen Kane to modern favorites like Harry Potter and Friends—with our culture-defining titles like Stranger Things, KPop Demon Hunters and Squid Game, we’ll be able to do that even better. The deal would give Netflix access to popular and lucrative intellectual property, including DC Comics characters such as Batman and Superman; the “Game of Thrones” TV saga; and a vast trove of titles stretching from “Casablanca” and “Dirty Harry” to “Dune” and “Barbie.” In the lead-up to the announcement, Netflix attempted to reassure the creative community by reportedly promising to release Warner Bros. The size of Netflix’s offer for Warner’s streaming and HBO divisions was striking, with the streaming giant paying $72 billion for just those two divisons, more than the entire current company‘s $60 billion market value. (Comcast owns NBCUniversal, the parent company of NBC News.) “Today’s announcement combines two of the greatest storytelling companies in the world to bring to even more people the entertainment they love to watch the most,” said David Zaslav, president and CEO of Warner Bros. By coming together with Netflix, we will ensure people everywhere will continue to enjoy the world’s most resonant stories for generations to come.” The tie-up would not include Warner-owned cable channels like CNN and TNT. In late November, three senators — Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts, Bernie Sanders of Vermont and Richard Blumenthal of Connecticut — sent a letter to the Justice Department Antitrust Division warning that any potential Warner Bros. Darrell Issa, R-Calif., sent a letter to Attorney General Pam Bondi the same month, cautioning that merging Netflix with HBO Max would create a company with a more than “30 percent share of the streaming market: a threshold traditionally viewed as presumptively problematic under antitrust law.” In early December, an anonymous group of “concerned feature film producers” reportedly sent a letter to Congress urging them to go publicly against Netflix’s bid and give the potential deal “the highest level of antitrust scrutiny,” according to Variety. In a statement, a spokesperson for the California attorney general’s office said: “The Department of Justice believes further consolidation in markets that are central to American economic life — whether in the financial, airline, grocery, or broadcasting and entertainment markets — does not serve the American economy, consumers, or competition well.” “We are committed to protecting consumers and California’s economy from consolidation we find unlawful,” the spokesperson added.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/world/europe/elon-musk-x-european-union-fine-content-regulations-misinformation-rcna247498
Article: The European Commission said on Friday it was fining Elon Musk’s social media app X with the equivalent of $140 million, saying that it had breached the bloc’s digital rulebook — a move that will likely draw the ire of the American government. The law — one of the most far-reaching attempts to fight problematic material online — mandates that companies set up policies and procedures to remove posts deemed illegal by countries within the 27-country union. After the fine was issued, Henna Virkkunen, the European Commission’s tech chief, said it was proportionate and calculated based on the nature of the infringements, their gravity in terms of affected E.U. The proposed penalty nearly two years in the making came after regulators said in late 2023 that they had opened proceedings into X over suspected failure to combat content disinformation and manipulation. At the start, regulators said the proceedings were about several issues including the alleged dissemination of illegal content “in the context of Hamas’ terrorist attacks against Israel” and a suspicion that X had a “deceptive design” in how it handed out blue verification checks to paying users. Musk, a former close ally of President Donald Trump, has helped to fuel a wave of far-right candidates across Europe and the globe, although many of his candidates have fallen short of winning power. “If the reports that the European Commission is considering enforcement actions against X are accurate, it represents an unprecedented act of political censorship and an attack on free speech,” the company said in a post on X. “X has gone above and beyond to comply with the EU’s Digital Services Act, and we will use every option at our disposal to defend our business, keep our users safe, and protect freedom of speech in Europe,” the company said.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/politics/national-security/us-southern-command-says-conducted-new-lethal-kinetic-strike-alleged-d-rcna247499
Article: Southern Command said Thursday that the Defense Department carried out another “lethal kinetic strike” at Defense Secretary Pete Hegseth’s direction on a vessel in the eastern Pacific Ocean that killed four men. 4, at the direction of @SecWar Pete Hegseth, Joint Task Force Southern Spear conducted a lethal kinetic strike on a vessel in international waters operated by a Designated Terrorist Organization,” U.S. Southern Command offered a similar explanation Thursday, saying intelligence "confirmed that the vessel was carrying illicit narcotics and transiting along a known narco-trafficking route." It’s at least the 22nd known time the Trump administration has launched a military strike against alleged drug-carrying boats in recent months. The Trump administration has not produced evidence supporting its allegations about the boats, their passengers or their cargo or the numbers of people who were killed or injured or who survived. Bradley, who then led Joint Special Operations Command, ordered a second strike on a boat coming from Venezuela and allegedly carrying narcotics that killed survivors of an earlier strike that day. These actions have also been approved by the best military and civilian lawyers up and down the chain of command." President Donald Trump said this week that he would have "no problem" with releasing any available video of the second strike on Sept. "Whoever is piloting those boats, most of them are gone, but whoever is piloting those boats, they’re guilty of trying to kill people in our country,” Trump told reporters Wednesday.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/nation-world/netflix-warner-bros-discovery-deal/507-aea6c05d-24bc-4b5a-822c-75cbd44f3c3a
Article: “By combining Warner Bros.’ incredible library of shows and movies—from timeless classics like Casablanca and Citizen Kane to modern favorites like Harry Potter and Friends—with our culture-defining titles like Stranger Things, KPop Demon Hunters and Squid Game, we'll be able to do that even better.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/sports/soccer/world-cup/world-cup-dallas-group-stage-countries/287-e67bc887-f7cf-42ee-bfc5-81bc699d06f9
Article: AT&T Stadium, which will be rebranded as "Dallas Stadium" for the World Cup, will host two matches from Group F (out of six total), two matches from Group J and one match from Group L. Here is a look at the Groups with games inside "Dallas Stadium": Group F TBD TBD TBD TBD Group J TBD TBD TBD TBD Group L TBD TBD TBD TBD Where will USA play in the World Cup? If USA wins their group, the path in the knockout stage would be the following: Round of 32: San Francisco Round of 16: Seattle Quarterfinals: Los Angeles Semifinals: Dallas Final: New York If the United States finishes second in their group, here is their Knockout Round path: Round of 32: Dallas Round of 16: Atlanta Quarterfinals: Kansas City Semifinals: Atlanta Final: New York Here is Mexico's path if they win their group: Round of 32: Mexico City Round of 16: Mexico City Quarterfinals: Miami Semifinals: Atlanta Final: New York If Mexico finishes second in their group, here is their Knockout Round path: Round of 32: Los Angeles Round of 16: Houston Quarterfinals: Boston Semifinals: Dallas Final: New York

Link: https://abc7.com/post/netflix-acquire-warner-bros-studio-streaming-business-72-billion/18253468/
Article: And Netflix has rose to dominance as a household name ubiquitous to on-demand content, while building of its own production arm to release popular titles like "Stranger Things" and "Squid Game." The cash and stock deal is valued at $27.75 per Warner share, giving it a total enterprise value of approximately $82.7 billion.

Link: https://abc7chicago.com/post/faulty-glucose-monitors-abbott-diabetes-care-linked-7-deaths-more-700-injuries-fda-warns/18253464/
Article: Food and Drug Administration is warning people to stop using certain types of glucose monitor sensors after the company that makes them, Abbott Diabetes Care, said the devices were linked to seven deaths and more than 700 injuries.

Link: https://abc7.com/post/vatican-commission-says-no-ordaining-women-deacons-urges-other-ministries/18253441/
Article: Vatican commission again says no to ordaining women as deacons, but urges other ministries A second Vatican study commission has determined that women should not be ordained as deacons, dealing another setback to Catholic women who hope one day to be able to preside at weddings, baptisms and funerals. Pope Francis in 2016 ordered a first study commission on the issue following a request from the umbrella organization of the world's female religious orders, the International Union of Superiors General. Given the impasse, the current state of research "rules out the possibility of moving in the direction of admitting women to the diaconate understood as a degree of the sacrament of Holy Orders" the report said. But it left open the possibility for further study, saying the current state of investigation doesn't allow for a "definitive judgment to be formulated." Some Catholic women want ministerial recognition Catholic women do much of the church's work in schools and hospitals and are usually responsible for passing the faith to the next generation. This moment invites deeper listening, not closure." Women's Ordination Conference, a U.S.-based group that advocates for women priests, said it was "appalled" by the Vatican's "refusal to open its doors to women, even a crack. Advocates for expanding the diaconate to include women say doing so would provide women with greater role in the ministry and governance of the church, while also helping address the effects of the Catholic priest shortage in parts of the world by allowing women to perform some priestly functions. The female diaconate was discussed during his 2019 Amazon synod, or meeting of bishops, and again during Francis' bigger yearslong reform synod, which in 2024 called for the question to remain open. During a 2023 press conference, Prevost acknowledged that Francis had created the two study commissions but he warned that turning women into clerics "doesn't necessarily solve a problem, it might make a new problem." Phyllis Zagano, a researcher at Hofstra University in New York and a member of the original 2016 commission, complained that the document issued Thursday "does its best to present the topic in a negative light" by arguing that "since women are barred from priestly ordination, they may not be ordained as deacons." "The long report does not present evidence or a theological argument, only the opinion that more study is needed.

Link: https://abc7.com/post/best-christmas-gifts-dads-shop-top-picks-personalized-items-high-tech-gadgets/18220145/
Article: Best Christmas gifts for dads: From tech gadgets to dapper accessories, shop our top picks As a participant in multiple affiliate marketing programs, Localish will earn a commission for certain purchases. See full disclaimer below* Best Gifts for Dads: PUTT-A-BOUT Par Three Golf Putting Green 23% off Amazon PUTT-A-BOUT Par Three Golf Putting Green $38.34 $49.99 Valid: 12/04/2025 to 12/23/2025 Shop Now The PUTT-A-BOUT Par 3 Putting Green could be the perfect training aid for dad to work on his short game. Acqua Di Gió Profondo Refillable Parfum Nordstrom Acqua Di Gió Profondo Refillable Parfum $155 Valid: 12/04/2025 to 12/23/2025 Shop Now If he's a fan of cologne, he might enjoy this Acqua Di Gió Profondo fragrance. Ridge Wallet 19% off Nordstrom Ridge Wallet $76 $94.99 Valid: 12/04/2025 to 12/23/2025 Shop Now This gift is a great choice to give him an added layer of protection for his personal information. Convertible Garment Bag with Shoulder Strap 27% off Amazon Convertible Garment Bag with Shoulder Strap $39.99 $55 Valid: 12/04/2025 to 12/23/2025 Shop Now The right garment bag can help make his travels more enjoyable. Buffalo Leather Sling Bag 3% off Amazon Buffalo Leather Sling Bag $49.99 $51.99 Valid: 12/04/2025 to 12/23/2025 Shop Now He'll love the rugged look of this Buffalo Leather Sling Bag. HOTWAVE Push Up Board Fitness 31% off Amazon HOTWAVE Push Up Board Fitness $27.35 $39.99 Valid: 12/04/2025 to 12/23/2025 Shop Now Whether a beginner or a pro, he can burn calories and lose weight with this push-up board. Heavy Duty Suspenders 6% off Amazon Heavy Duty Suspenders $13.99 $14.99 Valid: 12/04/2025 to 12/23/2025 Shop Now Whether he's attending an office meeting, traveling for business, or stepping out for dinner, these heavy-duty X-back style suspenders should become a wardrobe staple.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c773v133xnxo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: What Putin and Modi got out of Delhi meeting 53 minutes ago Share Save Steve Rosenberg , Russia editor, in Delhi and Vikas Pandey , India editor Share Save Reuters This was Vladimir Putin's first visit to India since the Ukraine war began Russian President Vladimir Putin will wind up a packed day in India at the place where he began his official engagements - with a banquet at the president's house, where he received a guard of honour in the morning. The Russian leader has faced diplomatic isolation since the Ukraine war began in 2022 and the red carpet laid down by Delhi would have sent a strong message to the West. "How Vladimir Putin was greeted in an Indian palace with 340 rooms." So much for Western efforts to turn President Putin into a pariah for his full-scale invasion of Ukraine. Ushakov told the Russian government paper Rossiyskaya Gazeta that "during such confidential face-to-face contacts, the most urgent, most sensitive and most important issues of both bilateral relations and the international situation are discussed". "Politics is made at these kind of meetings." AFP via Getty Images Putin inspects a guard of honour during his ceremonial reception at the president's house in Delhi Trade was at the centre of this visit By Vikas Pandey The visit was high on optics - it all started with the famous Modi hug at the airport. Russia would like this to continue but when Putin said that Moscow was ready to continue "uninterrupted shipments" of fuel, it was a gentle nudge to Modi and India to not give into the White House's demands. Now it will be interesting to see how Modi manages to achieve the impossible - that is to continue buying oil from Russia and get a trade deal with Trump at the same time.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/football/articles/c75v3pqk26no?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: So all eyes, then, on the Kennedy Center in Washington DC for an end to the game we've all been playing since Kenny McLean scored the goal that was heard around the world against Denmark at Hampden last month - Scottish football's moon landing with that ball spending almost as much time in space as Apollo 11. Part of the majesty of being involved in this are the conversations down the pub - clued-up football folk wondering if it's best to get Haiti from pot four because Haiti are on Trump's banned list and none of their fans will be allowed into America to support their team, which might mean more tickets for the Tartan Army. Beating Denmark in one of the greatest nights in the history of the national team - arguably, the greatest - was part one of the adventure and now it's time for part two. A first World Cup for the youth of the nation to enjoy - and for the older ones, a return to a place they may have doubted they'd ever return to.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/05/fridays-big-analyst-calls-nvda-aapl-crwv-avgo-googl-nflx-more.html
Article: "We are initiating coverage of VITL with a Buy rating and $45 PT." Roth initiates CoreWeave at buy The firm says the stock is "positioned to be a top-four market share winner in an AI Cloud market." "We are initiating coverage on CRWV with a Buy rating and $110 price target." UBS upgrades Albemarle to buy from neutral UBS says it sees a "new upcycle" for the lithium company. We expect lithium prices to move up through the year which should be a positive driver for ALB stock." Barclays upgrades Rollins to overweight from equal weight Barclays says it sees growth upside for the pest control company. "During our Very constructive Rollins NDR w/ CFO + IR in early November, management's tone was very confident for the next 12-24 months; and what struck us most was the many incremental opportunities for enhancing/providing upside to the existing growth framework." Jefferies upgrades Humana to buy from hold Jefferies says it's bullish on the health insurance company. "As the second-largest player, HUM has scale advantages and a well rounded set of competencies in MA [medicare advantage]." Mizuho reiterates Broadcom as outperform Mizuho says the stock is a top pick heading into earnings next week. "We are buyers on AVGO heading into earnings next week" CLSA reiterates Apple as outperform CLSA raises its price target on the stock and says investors should buy the dip. We lift our TP from US $265 to US $330..." Pivotal reiterates Alphabet as buy The firm raises its price target on the stock to a Street high $400 per share from $350. "Search is a resilient cash cow with pricing power, a powerful driver of GOOG's best in class Gemini AI, with an opportunity to leverage AI take massive costs out of the search business." Morgan Stanley upgrades MP Materials to overweight from equal weight Morgan Stanley says the rare earths company is poised to be a player in the development of humanoid robots. looks to develop a robust ex- China supply chain with MP at the center..." Wells Fargo initiates Ryder System at overweight Wells says it's bullish on the logistics truck systems company. " Hub Group is poised to be the biggest beneficiary of Union Pacific-Norfolk Southern's transcontinental rail merger." Baird downgrades Synchrony to neutral from outperform Baird says the stock is overvalued right now. " Synchrony remains a well-run franchise from our perspective, but we would not be chasing the stock here." JPMorgan upgrades Commercial Metals to overweight from neutral JPMorgan raises its price target on the metals company to $78 per share from $64. "Our higher PT reflects our updated 2027 steel price forecast, which for Commercial Metals Company includes incremental and bar upside, while our new rating also reflects both US/EU rebar price support, EU risk-reward shifting positive, and underappreciated value from sticky protectionism and pre-cast M & A commercial synergies." Wells Fargo upgrades Unity to overweight from equal weight Wells says it sees better "industry growth" for the mobile ad software tech company. "As a result, we upgrade U to Overweight, increasing our PT from $42 to $51." William Blair upgrades Rubrik to outperform from market perform The firm upgraded the software company following earnings. "Our rationale is based on: 1)ongoing share gains in the backup/cyber-resilience market, where demand remains robust, driven by new workloads, cloud adoption, and steady data growth; 2) a strengthening platform narrative as customers increasingly adopt Rubrik's integrated suite of capabilities across data protection, cloud workloads, and identity resilience." Evercore ISI reiterates Netflix as outperform Evercore says "fundamentals are strengthening." "We acknowledge that NFLX shares have been largely reactive to recent developments re: potential strategic outcomes. But we believe Netflix's long-term fundamental outlook is increasingly strengthening, thanks to its highly compelling value proposition, its excellent execution track record, and its improved global, competitive positioning." Needham initiates Centrus Energy at buy Needham says the nuclear company is best positioned for growth. We see an opportunity for meaningful value inflection ahead with clinical data expected across the three programs providing for a catalyst-rich 2026." Freedom Capital Markets initiates CoreWeave as buy The firm says it sees plenty of upside in shares of CoreWeave.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/05/healthcare-ultimate-hedge-against-ai-correction-kepler-cheuvreux-says.html
Article: Sky-high valuations and uncertain returns on investment have fueled talk of a bubble for months, but the conversation intensified after investor Michael Burry, known for predicting the 2008 financial crisis, revealed he is shorting AI players like Nvidia and Palantir. Arnaud Girod, head of economics and cross asset strategy at Kepler Cheuvreux, told CNBC's Squawk Box Europe on Friday that healthcare's position was "the exact opposite" of anxiety around AI. Investors "need to find businesses where the franchises are not going to be challenged by the AI disruption itself and, at the same time, companies that could leverage the technology either through cost cutting, efficiencies, productivity, or indeed, incremental innovation," Girod said. tech stocks have rallied this year, with the S & P 500 Information Technology Index up 24.8% year-to-date, compared with, which is up the S & P 500 Health Care Index 11.6%, and the Stoxx Europe 600 Health, up just 2.7%. "The recovery in Pharma stocks could accelerate as visibility improves after this year's perfect storm and as the sector's longer-term structural themes regain traction (ageing demographics, obesity)," Kepler Cheuvreux analysts wrote as they upgraded European healthcare to Strong Overweight from Overweight in their quarterly playbook published earlier this week.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/05/trump-accounts-free-money.html
Article: Jacob Wackerhausen | Istock | Getty Images Earlier this week, the White House — in conjunction with Michael Dell, founder and CEO of Dell Technologies , and his wife, Susan — announced one of the largest donations ever to benefit American children. Any authorized individual — a legal guardian, parent, adult sibling or grandparent — can open a Trump account on behalf of a child age 18 or younger, as long as the child is a U.S. Initially, Trump accounts will be held with the Treasury's "designated financial agent," with the opportunity to transfer the full balance to your preferred brokerage firm at a later date, the Treasury said this week. Once an account is established, eligible children may receive either the one-time $1,000 contribution from the Department of the Treasury, or the $250 Dell family grant, deposited to their Trump account. Although Form 4547 can be filed at any time, no pilot program contribution will be deposited in the Trump account of a child earlier than July 4, 2026, according to the IRS. 1, 2025 — who wouldn't qualify for the $1,000 initial deposit from the Treasury — could get a $250 contribution if they live in a ZIP code where the median income is $150,000 or less. As of July 4, 2026, parents, guardians, grandparents and others will be able to contribute up to $5,000 a year in after-tax dollars up until the year before the beneficiary turns 18. These assets: must track a "qualified index" can't use leverage, which typically uses debt or borrowing to boost returns can't exceed annual fees or expenses above 0.1% While the definition of "qualified index" remains unclear, these criteria could include about 186 mutual funds and ETFs, according to data from Morningstar Direct. For example, $1,000 funded at birth could be worth around $4,700 by age 18, assuming a 9% annual return, and without considering inflation, according to chartered financial analyst Jason Norris. "If the same family is able to contribute $50 per month, the account value at age 18 could potentially grow to greater than $29,000," said Norris, who is director of equity research and portfolio management of Ferguson Wellman Capital Management in Portland, Oregon, which ranked No. When it comes to wealth-building opportunities, particularly by investing in the stock market, "this is a way to make a statement about getting a foot in the door," Ewas said. Many families continually miss out on stock market gains while wealth rises fastest for those at the very top, data from the Federal Reserve also shows, as the value of their investment holdings continues to grow.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/05/bitcoin-digital-gold-crypto-store-of-value.html
Article: But as important as where bitcoin's price goes next is a question about the role bitcoin really serves in a portfolio: When will it consistently behave like a store of value? "It's still going to have to prove itself as that digital store value over a longer period of time," Nate Geraci, NovaDius Wealth Management president, said on the CNBC "ETF Edge" podcast. He pointed to the "tariff tantrum" period of stock selling in April after President Trump announced sweeping global tariffs, a period of market volatility during which bitcoin performed very well.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/05/5-things-to-know-before-the-stock-market-opens.html
Article: That's so meta Mark Zuckerberg, chief executive officer of Meta Platforms Inc., wears a pair of Meta Ray-Ban Display AI glasses during the Meta Connect event in Menlo Park, California, US, on Wednesday, Sept. Pulte's problem William Pulte, director of the Federal Housing Finance Agency (FHFA) nominee for US President Donald Trump, during a Senate Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs Committee confirmation hearing in Washington, DC, US, on Thursday, Feb. Senate Democrats last month called for the GAO to probe Pulte, asking the agency to determine whether Pulte and FHFA employees "misused federal authority and resources" to accuse President Donald Trump's enemies of mortgage fraud.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/teen-looks-heavily-pregnant-shock-over-what-growing-11161244
Article: She told Newsweek that she presumed she was eating too much junk food and "was just getting fat." However, by May 2025, it wasn’t just the unexplained weight gain that she noticed. I work at a restaurant as a server, and all the regulars were gossiping about me being pregnant or congratulating me." By August 2025, Edwards finally got some answers as to why her stomach kept expanding, while her weight remained the same everywhere else. "When you’re gaining weight in your stomach, everyone’s first reaction is that they need to go to the gym, but there could be serious issues being overlooked." Edwards had surgery on November 21 to finally remove the cyst. "Women are always overlooked in the health-care system, so I’ve been convincing a lot of people to go to the doctor and be persistent when they know something is wrong." The size of Edwards’s cyst has certainly shocked viewers, leading to almost 300 comments on her TikTok video so far.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/samantha-fulnecky-essay-mel-curth-11162294
Article: A University of Oklahoma student got a zero on an essay about transgender rights after describing “the belief in multiple genders” as “demonic.” The student filed a discrimination complaint, alleging that the failing grade was based on her religious beliefs. Mel Curth ⬇ The instructor who gave Fulnecky a zero could have marked her down for failing to back up her thesis with empirical evidence, making circular arguments and turning in sloppy writing. Instead, they repeatedly described the contents of the essay as offensive and went on to make impassioned counterarguments about the scientific evidence that “gender is neither binary nor fixed.” The Media ⬆ Most of the media coverage fails to point out that Curth uses she/they pronouns. CW concurs that Fulnecky didn’t do much “thinking,” but surely calling people demonic wins some marks for being “critical.” Originally a staple of Newsweek's print edition, Conventional Wisdom used arrows to track whose stock was rising or falling in the political circus. In an era when partisan media reinforces rather than questions assumptions, CW operates from the center—skeptical of left and right alike, committed to puncturing inflated reputations and recognizing overlooked truths.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/alec-baldwin-issues-defense-paul-dano-tarantino-criticism-11160983
Article: Director Quentin Tarantino has inadvertently sparked a storm after once again slamming actor Paul Dano for his performance in Paul Thomas Anderson’s 2007 There Will Be Blood, prompting fellow actor Alec Baldwin to release a video in defense of the younger performer. Tarantino’s dislike of Dano’s performance in There Will Be Blood, a film that is widely acclaimed as one of the greatest ever made and frequently ranks as one of the best of the 21st century, is well known. In the film, which tells the epic and tragic story of the ruthless rise of oilman Daniel Plainview, played by Daniel Day-Lewis, Dano plays the roles of brothers Paul and Eli Sunday—with the latter representing Plainview’s primary rival and antagonist. In a review of the film for Sky Movies in 2009, Tarantino praised There Will Be Blood as "one of the best movies made in this last decade," but said that his one criticism of the film would be Dano’s performance. "He’s just not in the level and caliber of Daniel Day-Lewis." Nearly 20 years after this review, Tarantino does not seem to have changed his mind on Dano’s performance—if anything, he is now doubling down on it. As he recently pondered on the best film of the 21st century for online outlet Deadline, Tarantino ranked There Will Be Blood as his fifth favorite, adding that it "would stand a good chance at being number 1 or number 2 if it didn’t have a big, giant flaw in it…and the flaw is Paul Dano." Going back to his original comparison of Dano’s performance and that of Day-Lewis, he said: "Obviously, it’s supposed to be a two-hander, but it’s also drastically obvious that it’s not a two-hander. Canadian actor Simu Liu, best known for his role in Shang-Chi in the 2021 Marvel film Shang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings, wrote on X on Thursday: "idk man i think paul dano is an incredible actor." Screenwriter Mattson Tomlin, who is now working on "The Batman: Part II," wrote on X on Wednesday: "I am really pleased to see so many people cheer on Paul Dano this week. Not only is he a terrific actor, but he’s an astonishing director who exudes control and tremendous empathy." He urged people to revisit Dano’s performance in the 2018 film Wildlife. And it’s that way because everyone was perfectly cast." Back in 2008, Day-Lewis, who made a return to the screen this year after a yearslong retirement, had also praised Dano, telling the BBC that he was "undoubtedly one of the most promising young actors working at the moment." Tarantino, one of the most influential directors of his generation, is likely to come out unscathed from this social media storm—and with his opinion possibly unchanged.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nfl/cowboys-qb-dak-prescott-has-strong-reaction-to-lions-loss-11162171
Article: The Dallas Cowboys rolled into Thursday night's matchup with the Detroit Lions looking like strong contenders to win out the rest of their schedule and potentially enter the playoff picture. "I hope it pisses people off the right way and we use it as fuel, and I know starting with myself, we'll make sure we have a great week of prep for next week," Prescott also said during his postgame remarks. While Prescott performed admirably with his 375 yards, Dallas lost one of its key weapons as star wide receiver Cedee Lamb exited the game in the third quarter due to a concussion. He finished the game leading all receivers with 121 yards on six receptions, followed by Ryan Flournoy, who had a breakout game of 115 yards and a touchdown on nine receptions. The Cowboys dropped to 6-6-1 with the loss, and are now 10th in the standings below other teams in the playoff hunt, including the Carolina Panthers, San Francisco 49ers, and Detroit Lions.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/on-venezuela-trump-needs-to-ask-the-big-question-opinion-11162237
Article: The subject: what to do about Venezuela and its tinpot but stubborn dictator, Nicolás Maduro, whose only impressive quality in his ability to continue serving in the role despite years of U.S. If Trump had his way, Maduro would mimic what former Syrian dictator Bashar al-Assad did a year ago by packing up his bags in the middle of the night, getting on a plane and flying into exile. officials to pin Maduro as some grand mastermind who is directing Latin America’s cartels to ship cocaine into the United States, it’s more likely that the Trump administration is using the drug trafficking issue to make an otherwise unpopular regime change operation more palpable to the American people. The facts bear that out; if Trump was truly worried about drugs flowing into the United States, he would be spending more of his time on Mexico, Colombia and Ecuador and less on Venezuela, where only 8 percent of cocaine shipments bound for the United States originate from. This isn’t meant to defend Maduro, a man who is currently being investigated by the International Criminal Court for crimes against humanity, stole last year’s Venezuelan presidential election, uses political prisoners as bargaining chips and drove Venezuela’s economy into the ground. Venezuelan opposition leader and Nobel Peace Prize laureate María Corina Machado and far-right Venezuelan exiles based in Miami insist that democracy, freedom of speech, political pluralism, free elections, personal liberties and a market economy would sprout out of the ground the moment Maduro and his criminal clique depart the country. Bush said the same thing in the lead-up to the 2003 war in Iraq, claiming that a democratic Iraq would be the genesis of a broader political transformation in the Middle East. None of it turned out well—Afghanistan is back in the Taliban’s hands, Iraq is at best a corrupt kleptocracy where armed militias play an outsized role and Libya is split between competing authorities. regime change operations during the Cold War proved to have high costs and minimal gains; the 1954 coup in Guatemala was considered one of the Central Intelligence Agency’s most successful initiatives in the annals of covert operations but also helped unleash three decades of civil war in the Central American nation.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/mom-shares-how-well-toddler-sleeps-shock-truth-11161600
Article: Olivia wrote on the first image of her 18-month-old Briella: "Told them my baby sleeps through the night…" The next slide shows another image with the text overlay: "What, for like 8 hours?" But the final slide showed a sleep-tracking screenshot, proving that Briella was fast asleep from 5:27 p.m. Days in South Florida often mean long hours outdoors in 90-degree heat, so, when bedtime rolls around, the girls are "worn out." "Some nights, they’ll fall asleep at 6 p.m., others at 7 p.m.," Olivia added. don't you miss her lol [laugh out loud]." While she was grateful for the positive comments, Olivia called the others "disappointing." "People were so quick to judge and blame without understanding the whole situation," she said.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/donald-trump-national-security-strategy-key-takeaways-11161237
Article: The 33-page paper also takes a swipe at the science behind global warming as it calls for a return to “American energy dominance,” suggests Europe is in decline and pledges to end the war Russia started in Ukraine. In its introduction, Trump outlined what he had done so far since he returned to the White House, such as targeting Iran's nuclear capabilities, pushing NATO members to spend more on defense and imposing "historic tariffs" to boost American industry. would deny countries not in the region “the ability to position forces or other threatening capabilities, or to own or control strategically vital assets” and that Washington would seek to “enlist and expand” its influence in the region. Since Trump took office, he has renamed the Gulf of Mexico as the Gulf of America, increased the American military’s presence in the Caribbean, ordered strikes on boats he said were carrying drugs from Venezuela and waged a war of words with the president of Colombia, a country which is typically considered a regional ally. Criticism of Europe The strategy said the Trump Administration was "at odds with" European officials over the war in Ukraine, claiming they had "unrealistic expectations" about ending the conflict initiated by Vladimir Putin and saying they operated in "in unstable minority governments, many of which trample on basic principles of democracy to suppress opposition." “Should present trends continue, the continent will be unrecognizable in 20 year,” it said, warning that Europe risks “civilizational erasure” due its decreasing share of global GDP adding that some NATO countries will become “majority non-European." The strategy also stated it was “a core interest of the United States to negotiate an expeditious cessation of hostilities in Ukraine,” and to lessen the risk of a Russian confrontation with other European countries. The document also appears to back right-wing, populist parties, saying that “the growing influence of patriotic European parties indeed gives cause for great optimism.” However, the strategy did note the need for “a strong Europe” which the U.S. can work with "to prevent any adversary from dominating Europe.” Commenting on the document, Shanahan added: “This strategy does not paint the USA as a reliable ally to its traditional western European partners. It is a very significant shift from America's previous multilateral engagement.” Less Focus on Middle East The strategy said that the Middle East was no longer a priority for the U.S. would always need to ensure Gulf energy supplies “do not fall into the hands of an outright enemy” and that the Strait of Hormuz remain open, that the Red Sea remain navigable and that Israel remain secure but this can be done “without decades of fruitless ‘nation-building’ wars.” Shanahan said: “Outside of hegemony in the Western hemisphere, the U.S. It stated: “We reject the disastrous ‘climate change’ and ‘net zero’ ideologies that have so greatly harmed Europe, threaten the United States, and subsidize our adversaries.” China The National Security Strategy talks tough on China but does not appear to condemn it as it called for the U.S. The document said that on current growth trends, and a mutually advantageous economic relationship with Beijing "we should be headed from our present $30 trillion economy in 2025 to $40 trillion in the 2030s.” The document also pledged that the U.S. would focus on the importance of the Indo-Pacific region and that a priority was deterring a conflict over Taiwan, the self-governing island that China claims is part of its territory. “We will also maintain our longstanding declaratory policy on Taiwan, meaning that the United States does not support any unilateral change to the status quo in the Taiwan Strait,” the paper said. What People Are Saying National Security Strategy said in its newly released document: “The United States must be preeminent in the Western Hemisphere as a condition of our security and prosperity — a condition that allows us to assert ourselves confidently where and when we need to in the region." Mark Shanahan, associate professor, University of Surrey told Newsweek: “The strategy is about deal making, this attempts to make a case for coercive power” adding “it's a path the U.S. will have to tread carefully - not easy for a capricious president.” What Happens Next The National Security Strategy will be pored over by the media and policymakers as a steer towards the Trump administration’s plans for the remainder of this term.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/tears-dog-shelter-longest-catches-glimpse-outside-world-11161803
Article: A woman who paid a visit to a dog at a shelter in Chicago has shared heartbreaking footage of the moment the animal caught sight of the world outside and the life he once knew. Markovic told Newsweek: "A volunteer named Sarah said he was a staff favorite and brought him out for my daughter and I to see and interact with and give him a break from his kennel." Aged somewhere between 1 and 3, the large pit bull terrier proved an instant hit with Markovic’s 12-year-old. Watching on alongside her daughter, the mom wrote that it seemed like Clifton was "remembering a world he has been missing" as he looked out of the window that day. She posted the video of Clifton’s staring off into the distance to TikTok in the hope it might cajole someone to take action and adopt him before it was too late. "Someone get this baby," another user commented, with a third writing: "Hope this baby finds a home for Christmas!" Call it a Christmas miracle, divine intervention or just the positive power of social media, but someone was listening. Markovic told Newsweek the good news: "I just got word he was adopted within the last few days." After months looking out on a world he once knew, now Clifton is back among it and looking forward to a happy Christmas in a new forever home.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/donald-trump-questions-loyalty-of-nato-nations-if-migration-continues-11162042
Article: The document said that that in the long term, some members of NATO will become “majority non-European.” This could cast into doubt whether their alliance with the United States would be the same as when they signed the NATO charter, it added.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/blue-jays-emerge-as-potential-threat-to-poach-red-sox-all-star-11159653
Article: Bregman performed well in his first season in Boston, slashing .273/.360/.462 with 18 home runs and 62 RBIs, but is set to test free agency after opting out of the last two years of his contract. The Red Sox will reportedly face even more competition for the 31-year-old star in free agency, with The New York Post's Jon Heyman sharing that the Blue Jays could be a fit for the three-time All-Star. "Bregman is in excellent shape with the Tigers and Cubs both with interest and, of course, the incumbent/favored Red Sox." The Blue Jays made one of the biggest acquisitions of the offseason so far, signing Dylan Cease to a seven-year, $210 million contract, and are expected to remain active after falling just short in the World Series to the Los Angeles Dodgers. Toronto likely would not be able to sign Bregman if the team is able to come to terms with Bo Bichette this offseason, but having even more competition for the third baseman is not great. Boston is still viewed as the favorites to bring back Bregman in free agency, but it will be interesting to see if another club manages to poach the 31-year-old All-Star.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/wrestling/john-cena-reveals-the-reason-behind-his-wwe-retirement-11162053
Article: With just one match remaining before he hangs up his boots, Cena recently sat down for an interview with Bill Simmons to explain why he believes it is the right time to walk away. More news: Nikki Bella Reunites With Ex-Boyfriend At WWE Raw During the conversation, Simmons countered by suggesting that Cena is arguably delivering some of the best matches of his career during this current "Last Time Is Now" farewell tour. Like, it is time to move on.” With over two decades of dominance and a record-breaking 17 World Championships to his name, Cena is finally set to retire on the December 13 edition of "Saturday Night’s Main Event." His final opponent will be determined tonight on "SmackDown," where GUNTHER and LA Knight will collide in the tournament final for the right to retire the "Greatest of All Time".

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/mlb/cubs-astros-complete-trade-sending-0-95-era-hurler-to-houston-11161962
Article: But those stats are still on his professional track record, and entering his age-26 season, he'll get a chance to keep progressing toward the major leagues with a new organization. According to Cuban baseball journalist Francys Romero, the Cubs received $250,000 in international bonus pool money in the deal, a significant amount which was made more impactful by the fact that they only had $33,000 left to spend before the budgets reset on Dec. It is not yet known whether Zeglin will be ready to return from the injured list for the start of the regular season, but whether he starts in High-A or Double-A, he'll likely get the full year to mature in the minors before a potential major league debut in 2027 at the earliest.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/couple-enjoy-anniversary-meal-what-they-do-with-pet-cam-monitor-goes-viral-11160641
Article: “The camera helps us see how he’s doing alone, and what we can do to help him with anxiety (and of course keep eyes on him if he is not destroying anything),” Braier said. Layered over the clip, the caption reads: “POV: it’s date night but you’re dog parents.” Social media users can’t get enough of their unquestionable devotion to Russel, and the video has gone viral with over 264,000 views and 19,400 likes at the time of writing. She explained to Newsweek that she doesn’t often check TikTok, but she got “a big surprise” when she opened the app a few days after posting the video and seeing how much attention it had generated. One comment reads: “This is the only acceptable reason to have your phone on at the dinner table.” Another TikTok user wrote: “and it’s the whole topic of conversation.” Another person replied: “Glad to know I am not the only one.” While one commenter added: “My favorite past-time.” Do you have funny and adorable videos or pictures of your pet you want to share?

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/mlb/rayer-gonzalez-prospect-red-sox-11159736
Article: That was more than any other country outside of the United States — a remarkable accomplishment given that the tiny Caribbean country has a population of only about 11.6 million, or roughly 3 percent of the U.S. But scouting and signing Dominican players remains a gamble for MLB clubs, with only between 3-5 percent of prospects signed in the Dominican Republic ever making it to the major league level, compared to 11-17 percent of domestically signed players, according to an ESPN report. That is why, if an online report that appeared on Thursday is correct, the Boston Red Sox took quite a leap of faith this week when they reached a preliminary agreement to sign shortstop Rayer González with a $3.1 million bonus. If the report proves accurate, it would stand out from the slew of international signings that happen each year, because just two years ago, González was playing for his country's team in the World Baseball Softball Confederation U-12 Baseball World Cup. With no available record that he participated in the 2024 tournament, González appears to have been 12 years old in 2023 — which would make the shortstop only 14 years old in 2025. "This pre-agreement is just the first step in a long process, where focus and continuous development will be key to turning his potential into reality," Sánchez wrote, in Spanish, in an Instagram post. "Boston is heavily investing in his development, and now Rayer's challenge will be to continue refining his game, strengthening every detail and evolving into the kind of player who justifies such a historic investment." The U-12 World Cup consists of six-inning games played on a field with similar dimensions to an American Little League baseball diamond. The distance from home plate to the pitching rubber is set at 51 feet, as opposed to 60 feet, 6 inches for adult baseball, with 75 feet between bases rather than 90 feet. According to Sánchez, "his combination of skills places him among the most complete talents in his class; he's a five-tool player with elite speed, reflected in his 6.2(-second) 60-yard dash." In the 2023 U-12 World Cup, González appeared in eight games, banging out 10 hits, including two home runs in 21 at-bats.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/mlb/blue-jays-get-potentially-league-altering-kyle-tucker-update-before-winter-meetings-11159916
Article: They have been linked to Tucker for a couple of months now, but during a livestream for Bleacher Report, MLB insider Jon Heyman revealed that the Blue Jays are currently the most "serious" team in the Tucker sweepstakes. Tucker signing with the Blue Jays would undoubtedly make them favorites to win the American League again and give them the chance to prevent a potential three-peat by the Dodgers, who will be favorites to win the National League again.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/mlb/alex-bregman-predicted-to-betray-red-sox-join-al-contender-11159884
Article: Moving to second base may be out of the question as second baseman Kristian Campbell has already signed an extension with the Red Sox and figures to be the second baseman of the future.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/blue-jays-projected-to-sign-427m-star-after-blockbuster-dylan-cease-deal-11159621
Article: "Adding another high-priced free agent with a market value of 10 years, $401 million is certainly within the realm of possibility for the second-wealthiest MLB ownership groups, and Tucker would be an immediate upgrade at his position for the World Series runner-up." This would be an incredible move for the Blue Jays to make, but they seem to have the money and aggression to bring it to fruition.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/wrestling/unexpected-wwe-name-could-get-bigger-role-on-tv-11161728
Article: A longtime WWE veteran may be in for a more significant role on "Monday Night Raw." WrestleVotes Radio on Fightful Select reports that Natalya's run as the "Low Key Legend" for independent professional wrestling events has impressed WWE officials. It was noted that WWE is now having Natalya use the gimmick on TV in hopes of giving her a more prominent spot on "Monday Night Raw." Natalya has been helping current WWE Women's Intercontinental Champion Maxxine Dupri in her training. More News: WWE Planning Imminent Main Roster Shift: Report Natalya's WWE Career Natalya has been a member of the WWE roster since 2007, when she was in the company's developmental system.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/millions-to-get-cash-benefit-from-employers-under-new-congressional-plan-11161609
Article: These plans must provide at least 5 percent of the company’s annual net income as cash benefits to eligible full-time and part-time workers who have been with their companies for at least one year. Watson Coleman said: "For all the breaks they get, these companies can and should be investing in their workers—and since so many are unwilling to do so on their own, it’s time for Congress to step in for the people." According to a press release announcing Watson Coleman’s bill, roughly 65.4 million American workers, representing 51 percent of the workforce, could be eligible for these benefits. A separate bipartisan proposal, the Share Holder Allocation for Rewards to Employees (SHARE) Plan Act, was recently introduced by Democratic Representative Tom Suozzi of New York and Republican Representative Mike Kelly of Pennsylvania. This bill would grant a 3 percentage point corporate tax rate reduction to public companies that allocate at least 5 percent of their stock to the lowest-paid 80 percent of employees. Companies would qualify for a reduced tax rate in any year they issue at least 1 percent of their stock, or once they have cumulatively issued 5 percent or more. What People Are Saying Watson Coleman said: "We have massive companies boosting salaries for their executives while ignoring the majority of their workers and contributing to the national crisis of wage stagnation that’s keeping people out of the middle class. “Our tax code is riddled with giveaways for corporations, everything from letting companies borrow from offshore subsidiaries to deductions for ‘manufacturing’ claimed for making burgers or grinding coffee, and Republicans have used their tax bills like the One Big Beautiful Bill Act to add even more loopholes. "For all the breaks they get, these companies can and should be investing in their workers—and since so many are unwilling to do so on their own, it’s time for Congress to step in for the people." Tom Suozzi said: "Today, the top-earning 10 percent of Americans hold 93 percent of all stock. It helps build an ownership society, which is especially crucial with the rise of AI in the workplace, while incentivizing workers themselves to be more invested in their companies’ success." Mike Kelly said: "The SHARE Plan Act allows employees to have more skin in the game and receive a greater return on their hard work. This legislation builds upon that belief as workers look toward retirement, as well." What Happens Next Both the Employee Profit-Sharing Encouragement Act and the SHARE Plan Act have been introduced, but must still move through Congressional committees before any floor votes can occur.

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/12/05/nx-s1-5607173/kennedy-center-honors-trump
Article: Think Beyoncé performing for Tina Turner, Audrey Hepburn rhapsodizing about Cary Grant, Rob Reiner praising Norman Lear, Aretha Franklin singing for Carol King, Sidney Poitier honoring Harry Belafonte or James Taylor and John Williams playing for Yo-Yo Ma. The selection process In the past, honorees were chosen in a months-long, bipartisan undertaking by members of the Kennedy Center board with input from the general public and past honorees. Ultimately recipients were selected by executive members of the board and a couple of other senior staff members, with consultation from past honorees such as Julie Andrews, Lionel Richie and John Williams. At the August press conference, Trump said he's hosting because he was asked (he didn't say by whom), and said he was told "You'll get much higher ratings." He continued, "I used to host The Apprentice finales and we did rather well with that. toggle caption Kent Nishimura/AFP via Getty Images One of the time-honored perks of being chosen is getting to sit with the president and first lady in the Box Tier of the Kennedy Center Opera House. The iconic rainbow medallion is no more In the past, Kennedy Center Honorees were each presented with a vibrant, multicolored satin ribbon adorned with a gold plate inscribed with the honoree's name at a State Department dinner the evening before the gala.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/luigi-mangione-back-court-4th-day-evidence-suppression/story?id=128123310
Article: Luigi Mangione back in court for 4th day of evidence suppression hearing Luigi Mangione appears in Manhattan Supreme Court alongside his attorney's Karen Friedman Agnifilo and Marc Agnifilo during an evidentiary hearing in the murder case of UnitedHealthcare CEO Brian Thompson, in New York City, Dec. Luigi Mangione appears in Manhattan Supreme Court alongside his attorney's Karen Friedman Agnifilo and Marc Agnifilo during an evidentiary hearing in the murder case of UnitedHealthcare CEO Brian Thompson, in New York City, Dec. Luigi Mangione returns to court Friday for a fourth day of an evidence suppression hearing in the state case charging him with murdering United Healthcare CEO Brian Thompson on a New York City sidewalk last year. One of them, Christy Wasser, is seen on body camera footage searching Mangione's backpack and, later, is heard saying, "there's a weapon." The defense is trying to exclude the contents of the backpack from Mangione's trial, arguing police had no warrant and no reason to even touch it. It checks every box." The hearing is expected to continue well into next week, though the judge on Thursday told both sides they were being "duplicative" and said that's "not helping your case."

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/world-refugees-shut-us-trumps-new-policies-128135689
Article: Around the world, refugees are shut out of the US by Trump's new policies Syrian refugee Mohammed Dawood, 30, left, poses for a photo with his parents, Hayat Fatah, 65, center, and Abdulilah Amin Dawoud, 73, at their home in Irbil, Iraq, Nov. (AP Photo/Farid Abdulwahed) Syrian refugee Mohammed Dawood, 30, left, poses for a photo with his parents, Hayat Fatah, 65, center, and Abdulilah Amin Dawoud, 73, at their home in Irbil, Iraq, Nov. (AP Photo/Farid Abdulwahed) When President Donald Trump suspended the refugee program on day one of his current administration, thousands of people around the world who had been so close to a new life in America found themselves abandoned. As part of Trump's crackdown on both legal and illegal migration, the Republican president has upended the decades-old refugee program that has served as a beacon for those fleeing war and persecution. But only about 100 others have been admitted as a result of a lawsuit by advocates seeking to restart the refugee program, said Mevlüde Akay Alp, a lawyer arguing the case. “It’s important that we don’t abandon those families and that we don’t abandon the thousands of people who were relying on the promise of coming here as refugees,” said Akay Alp, with the International Refugee Assistance Project. In America, Ibrahim often wakes up early to tutor people online before going to his job as a math teacher at a private school, and then he takes care of his sister when he gets home. for what he calls its Christian character — a place where he feels he and his family “can seek freedom.” He said he was disappointed that people like him and his family who applied for refugee status legally face so many difficulties in going to the U.S. … It’s really disappointing.” Lu comes from a long lineage of dissent: He was born into a family branded as “hostile elements” by the Chinese Communist Party for its land ownership and ties to a competing political party. “I am very supportive of all of Trump’s policies because I think only President Trump can dismantle the CCP,” Lu said, using an acronym referring to the Chinese Communist Party. Louis, who insisted on being identified only by his first name out of concern that speaking publicly could complicate his case, was told in January that a request he had made to bring his family to the U.S.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/jo-ann-allen-boyce-wrote-book-experience-integrating-128123037
Article: Jo Ann Allen Boyce, who helped integrate one of the first public schools in the South, has died at 84 This undated photo provided by Kamlyn Young shows Jo Ann Allen Boyce at her home in Los Angeles. -- Jo Ann Allen Boyce, who as part of the “Clinton 12” helped integrate one of the first public schools in the South, died on Wednesday at her Los Angeles home. Supreme Court ruled in Brown v Board of Education that separating public school children on the basis of race was unconstitutional and a year before Little Rock Central High School was desegregated by force. She previously had to walk past it to catch a bus that took her and other Black teenagers to a segregated high school in Knoxville, about 20 miles (32 kilometers) away. They were soon joined by Ku Klux Klan members and segregationists from outside the community in a series of violent protests that led to the National Guard being called in to restore order. In a television interview at the time, Boyce recounted that their first day of school, a Monday, was fairly calm, with a few onlookers who she thought might just be curious. “And her important message was not to hate, to bring love instead.” In 2019, she co-wrote an autobiographical children’s book called “This Promise of Change.” Although Boyce's family had originally been optimistic about integration, with her grandmother making her several new outfits, the violence became too much for them, said Adam Velk, executive director of the Green McAdoo Cultural Center, which promotes the legacy of the Clinton 12. “Even in adversity, she would choose to find the positive.” Boyce told Velk that in the years after she left Clinton, “folks who were very mean to her, who were abusive to her in high school, a number of them had reached out to offer apologies. And she told me she always tried to find forgiveness in her heart for them.” In a short autobiography for the Center, she wrote about her childhood in Clinton, where she attended a Black primary school and participated in “plays and pageants, assemblies and talent shows.” She was also very engaged in her church, where her father directed the choir and her mother played piano.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/renewed-fighting-eastern-congo-threatens-historic-peace-deal-128138266
Article: President Donald Trump in attendance By JUSTIN KABUMBA Associated Press and RUTH ALONGA Associated Press FILE - M23 rebels escort government soldiers and police who surrendered to an undisclosed location in Goma, Democratic republic of the Congo, Jan. (AP Photo/Moses Sawasawa, File) GOMA, Congo -- Residents of eastern Congo said fighting has intensified despite a peace agreement that was signed by the Congolese and Rwandan presidents in Washingtion, D.C., with U.S. Presidents Felix Tshisekedi of Congo and Paul Kagame of Rwanda met with Trump on Thursday to sign a wide-ranging deal that attempts to stop the ongoing war between the Congolese armed forces and the Rwanda-backed M23 rebel group in the eastern part of Congo. "People are fleeing; they are leaving the neighborhoods where the bombs are falling to go to areas considered calm, and others are fleeing towards Rwanda,” Kamanyola resident Urbain Dunia told The Associated Press by telephone Friday. “We only see bombs falling without knowing which side they are coming from.” Lauded by the White House as a “historic” agreement brokered by Trump, the pact between Tshisekedi and Kagame followed monthslong peace efforts by the U.S. M23 is one of about 100 armed groups vying for a foothold in mineral-rich eastern Congo near the border with Rwanda in a conflict that has created one of the world’s most significant humanitarian crises.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/wireStory/supreme-court-allows-texas-congressional-map-favorable-republicans-128124669
Article: The Supreme Court is allowing the challenged Texas congressional redistricting plan to be used in next year’s election, despite a lower-court ruling that the map likely discriminates on the basis of race Supreme Court allows Texas to use a congressional map favorable to Republicans in 2026 FILE - The State Capitol is seen in Austin, Texas, on June 1, 2021. (AP Photo/Eric Gay, File) WASHINGTON -- A divided Supreme Court on Thursday came to the rescue of Texas Republicans, allowing next year’s elections to be held under the state’s congressional redistricting plan favorable to the GOP and pushed by President Donald Trump despite a lower-court ruling that the map likely discriminates on the basis of race. With conservative justices in the majority, the court acted on an emergency request from Texas for quick action because qualifying in the new districts already has begun, with primary elections in March. The justices cast doubt on the lower-court finding that race played a role in the new map, saying in an unsigned statement that Texas lawmakers had “avowedly partisan goals.” In dissent, Justice Elena Kagan wrote for the three liberal justices that her colleagues should not have intervened at this point. And that result, as this Court has pronounced year in and year out, is a violation of the Constitution.” The high court's vote “is a green light for there to be even more re-redistricting, and a strong message to lower courts to butt out,” Richard Hasen, an election law expert at the University of California at Los Angeles law school, wrote on the Election Law Blog. Texas Attorney General Ken Paxton said the Supreme Court's order "defended Texas’s fundamental right to draw a map that ensures we are represented by Republicans.” He called the redistricting law “the Big Beautiful Map.” “Texas is paving the way as we take our country back, district by district, state by state,” Paxton said in a statement. “This map reflects the political climate of our state and is a massive win for Texas and every conservative who is tired of watching the left try to upend the political system with bogus lawsuits.” Texas Gov. Texas is officially — and legally — more red." Democratic National Committee chairman Ken Martin said in a statement that the court's decision “to allow Texas Republicans’ rigged, racially gerrymandered maps to go into effect is wrong — both morally and legally. Once again, the Supreme Court gave Trump exactly what he wanted: a rigged map to help Republicans avoid accountability in the midterms for turning their backs on the American people.” In the Texas case, U.S. Smith, an appointee of President Ronald Reagan, a Republican, also disagreed strenuously with the substance of the opinion, saying it would be a candidate for the “Nobel Prize for Fiction,” if there were such an award. Attorney General Pam Bondi hailed Thursday's Supreme Court stay, posting on X, “Federal courts have no right to interfere with a State’s decision to redraw legislative maps for partisan reasons.” The new map eliminated five of the state’s nine “coalition” districts, where no minority group has a majority but together they outnumber non-Hispanic white voters. But critics consider that the Hispanic or Black majority in each district is so slim that white voters, who tend to turn out in larger percentages, will control election results.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Business/wireStory/french-lady-brigitte-macron-visits-friend-china-giant-128135457
Article: French first lady Brigitte Macron has reunited with a giant panda born in France during a visit to China with President Emmanuel Macron French first lady Brigitte Macron visits an old friend in China: A giant panda called Yuan Meng FILE - French First lady Brigitte Macron attends a naming ceremony of the panda born at the Beauval Zoo, in Saint-Aignan-sur-Cher, France, on Dec. (AP Photo/Thibault Camus, Pool, File) CHENGDU, China -- French first lady Brigitte Macron caught up with an old friend — a giant panda born in France — at the tail end Friday of a visit to China with President Emmanuel Macron. “They do only what they want." For decades, China has deployed what's often called “panda diplomacy" to smooth and promote relations with other countries, gifting the animals to friendly nations and loaning pandas to zoos overseas on commercial terms. Emmanuel Macron’s state visit this week to China, his fourth as president, included meetings with Chinese leader Xi Jinping and other officials, discussing Russia’s war in Ukraine, trade ties and other issues. The China Wildlife Conservation Association said during the visit that it signed a letter of intent to send two of the animals to the Beauval Zoo south of Paris in 2027 under what would be a new 10-year round of panda cooperation with France. The French zoo sent two 17-year-old pandas — Huan Huan, a female, and her partner Yuan Zi — back to China last month after 13 years on loan in France. Yuan Meng bid ‘’adieu’’ to France in 2023, sent off to a new life in the Chengdu Research Base of Giant Panda Breeding in southwest China where Brigitte Macron, considered to be his “godmother,” dropped in to see him.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Business/wireStory/german-parliament-approves-pension-package-after-rebellion-merzs-128138265
Article: Germany’s parliament has approved a pension reform package that had prompted a rebellion in the ranks of Chancellor Friedrich Merz’s party, the latest instalment in a bumpy first seven months in office German Chancellor Friedrich Merz, right, and Vice Chancellor Lars Klingbeil attend a meeting about a pension package in the German Parliament in Berlin, Germany, Friday, Dec.5, 2025. (AP Photo/Ebrahim Noroozi) German Chancellor Friedrich Merz, right, and Vice Chancellor Lars Klingbeil attend a meeting about a pension package in the German Parliament in Berlin, Germany, Friday, Dec.5, 2025. (AP Photo/Ebrahim Noroozi) BERLIN -- Germany's parliament on Friday approved a pension reform package that had prompted a rebellion in the ranks of Chancellor Friedrich Merz's party, the latest instalment of a bumpy first seven months in office. Lawmakers in the lower house voted 319-225 in favor of the package, including a measure that would hold the level of state pensions at 48% of average wages until 2031. A group of 18 young lawmakers in Merz’s center-right Union bloc — a larger number than his coalition’s parliamentary majority — had balked for weeks at a provision that said after 2031, the pension level would be slightly higher than under current law. In an effort to assuage dissenters, coalition leaders stressed that a commission will produce proposals for a further-reaching reform of the pension system by mid-2026 as Germany, like many other countries, addresses the challenge of an aging population. Keen to show that he is in command of the government's parliamentary majority, Merz pushed hard for approval by an absolute majority of the house's 630 lawmakers, which wasn't strictly necessary.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Business/wireStory/somali-migrants-aim-us-despite-travel-restrictions-128134399
Article: Somalia's international airport was filled with anticipation on a recent morning as 165 migrants were repatriated from Libya Why Somali migrants may still aim for US despite travel restrictions Mohamed Abdi Awale, who says he was captured and tortured by smugglers while attempting to reach Europe, gestures during an interview with The Associated Press in Mogadishu, Somalia, Monday, Nov. (AP Photo/Farah Abdi Warsameh) Mohamed Abdi Awale, who says he was captured and tortured by smugglers while attempting to reach Europe, gestures during an interview with The Associated Press in Mogadishu, Somalia, Monday, Nov. (AP Photo/Farah Abdi Warsameh) MOGADISHU, Somalia -- Somali migrant Mohamed Abdi Awale endured horrors on an ill-fated journey across Africa to seek a better life in the West — but he's determined to try again one day, even aiming for the U.S. Awale is one of 165 Somali migrants recently repatriated after being detained in Libya, where the International Organization for Migration says those caught on journeys to Europe face “unacceptable and inhumane conditions.” Awale undertook a more than 5,000-kilometer (3,100-mile) journey, leaving Somalia's capital, Mogadishu, to cross Kenya, Uganda, South Sudan and Sudan. He was captured by smugglers near the Sudan-Libyan border and taken to the Sahara oasis town of Kufra, where captors filmed him being tortured in a bid to extract a ransom from his family. Others didn’t survive.” Unable to afford the ransom, his mother, Hawo Elmo Rage, turned to social media, pleading with Somalis at home and abroad to help her save her son. The group was then detained outside of Tripoli, and Awale spent a month in prison in the coastal town of Sirte and another two months in detention in Tripoli before his repatriation to Somalia in November. I pray God gives him a safe future— not the dangerous one he found.” Changes to immigration policy this year under Trump administration changed the calculus of migrants like Awale. “Maybe after Trump’s term ends.” ___ For more on Africa and development: https://apnews.com/hub/africa-pulse ___ The Associated Press receives financial support for global health and development coverage in Africa from the Gates Foundation.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/5/syrias-hama-full-of-hope-joy-one-year-after-al-assad-forces?traffic_source=rss
Article: Thousands of people have poured into the streets of Syria’s central city of Hama to mark one year since forces loyal to Bashar al-Assad were expelled days before the longtime ruler’s ouster. The atmosphere in the city – long a stronghold of opposition to al-Assad – is one of “hope and belief” in Syria’s future, reported Al Jazeera’s Assed Baig from Hama’s al-Assi Square. “They’re waving flags, they’re chanting slogans, they’re singing, and there’s hope for the future.” On December 5, 2024, rebels led by Syria’s now-President Ahmed al-Sharaa took control of Hama, marking their second breakthrough in a lightning offensive towards the capital. “Now people are happy, celebrating, joyous.” Advertisement Syria’s new leader, al-Sharaa, who once led al-Qaeda’s branch in Syria and then the splinter group Hayat Tahrir al-Sham, has made a stunning turnaround since taking the reins of the country, largely restoring Syria’s international standing and securing critical sanctions relief. Serving as president for a five-year transitional period, al-Sharaa has toured capitals from the Gulf to Europe to Washington, and this week hosted a delegation from the United Nations Security Council in Syria. ‘New chapter’ But there are concerns about continuing sectarian bloodshed in Syria’s Alawite and Druze minority heartland, which some government forces and their allies have been implicated in and faced trial for. Nanar Hawach, a senior Syria analyst at the International Crisis Group, said “Syria has opened a new chapter that many once thought impossible” by rebuilding diplomatic ties and drawing foreign investment. Gamal Mansour, a researcher at the University of Toronto, says that many Syrians, terrified of the potential chaos a power vacuum could unleash, still view al-Sharaa as “the only option that provides guarantees”.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/video/newsfeed/2025/12/5/eurovision-hit-by-boycotts-over-israels-inclusion?traffic_source=rss
Article: NewsFeed Eurovision hit by boycotts over Israel’s inclusion ‘Eurovision is collapsing, it’s over.’ Fans of Europe’s annual song contest are fearing for its future after four countries announced they were boycotting over Israel’s inclusion in 2026, due to the genocide in Gaza.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/5/german-president-visits-wwii-uk-bombing-site-amid-unity-against-russia?traffic_source=rss
Article: German President Frank-Walter Steinmeier has paid a visit to Coventry Cathedral in central England, symbolically atoning for the Third Reich’s atrocities, as his country and the United Kingdom seek to bolster an alliance to combat Russia’s prosecution of Europe’s deadliest war since World War II. Steinmeier’s visit on Friday commemorates the deadly Nazi bombing of Coventry on the night of November 14, 1940, which destroyed the 14th-century Gothic cathedral, leaving more than 500 people dead and a roofless ruin that stands as a reminder of the ravages of war. During a lavish banquet on Wednesday night at Windsor Castle, Steinmeier and King Charles III put on a show of Anglo-Saxon unity, exchanging toasts that celebrated the cultural and historic ties between their nations and highlighting efforts to build a common front against Russian aggression in Ukraine. “That is our common history – and it shows what is possible when people have the courage to pursue reconciliation.” The state visit comes as European nations bond together to support Ukraine and confront Russian efforts to destabilise Western democracies through so-called hybrid attacks such as election interference, disinformation and sabotage. On Friday, French President Emmanuel Macron stressed that unity between Europe and the US is key in the support of Ukraine, adding there is “no mistrust” and denying a report he had said there was a risk Washington could betray Ukraine. German magazine Der Spiegel on Thursday cited a transcript of a confidential call showing that Macron and German Chancellor Friedrich Mertz voiced severe scepticism about efforts by the US government and its envoys to negotiate a peace between Ukraine and Russia.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/entertainment/films-tv-shows-coming-to-netflix-buys-warner-bros-11162089
Article: It cements Netflix’s position not only as the world’s leading streaming service, but as a studio powerhouse, hoping to retain and grow their 300-million-plus subscriber count and library of entertainment franchises. With this deal, Netflix gains ownership of some of the most recognizable titles in film and television, including the Harry Potter and Game of Thrones franchises, The Big Bang Theory, The Sopranos, The Matrix, and even the DC Universe. “By combining Warner Bros.’ incredible library of shows and movies—from timeless classics like Casablanca and Citizen Kane to modern favorites like Harry Potter and Friends—with our culture-defining titles like Stranger Things, KPop Demon Hunters and Squid Game, we'll be able to do that even better. "With our global reach and proven business model, we can introduce a broader audience to the worlds they create—giving our members more options, attracting more fans to our best-in-class streaming service, strengthening the entire entertainment industry and creating more value for shareholders.” While David Zaslav, president and CEO of Warner Bros. Discovery, said: "Today’s announcement combines two of the greatest storytelling companies in the world to bring to even more people the entertainment they love to watch the most." In the near future, Netflix plans to incorporate HBO Max's programming into its own platform. That includes merging the deep back-catalogs of both companies, a move that is expected to give subscribers access to a combined portfolio spanning legacy content like The Wizard of Oz to newer, frequently trending releases Wednesday and Bridgerton. The enduring popularity of shows like Stranger Things, built on 1980s references and pop culture staples, and the incorporation of veteran stars into its own productions suggests that Netflix’s has a keen eye on elevating its brand by banking on the emotional pull of beloved actors and franchises—deepening viewer loyalty and expanding its cultural footprint in the process.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nfl/bengals-qb-joe-burrow-has-blunt-response-to-lane-kiffin-joining-lsu-11162378
Article: Last weekend, Lane Kiffin made the stunning decision to become the new head coach for the LSU Tigers football program, leaving behind an Ole Miss Rebels team that was playoff-bound. Read more: Clemson’s Dabo Swinney Reacts to Lane Kiffin Taking LSU Job At a recent press conference, a reporter asked Burrow his thoughts on Kiffin becoming the new coach for LSU. At first, he seemed to have no words at all about it, shrugging a bit, before finally offering a reaction to the situation, which involved Kiffin spurning Ole Miss amid their CFP run. "Yeah, that's certainly not an ideal situation," Burrow said, reiterating, "Certainly not an ideal situation for a playoff run, that's for sure." A recent CFP ranking revealed the Ole Miss Rebels as the No. Read more: Notre Dame RB Jeremiyah Love Gives Clear Response on CFP Debate With Kiffin's hiring at LSU, Ole Miss decided he would no longer coach them in the CFP.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/why-americas-heartland-deserves-better-retirement-benefits-opinion-11162519
Article: The Indiana Public Retirement System (INPRS), for instance, has allocated more than 10 percent of its $43.9 billion portfolio to private equity, real estate and private credit, allowing INPRS pensioners to benefit from the diversification and returns associated with these investments. By updating regulations to allow 401(k) investors to diversify into private assets featuring regulatory oversight, policymakers can help secure better retirements for millions of hardworking Americans while ensuring the continued vitality of the nation’s economy.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/ncaa/espn-facing-backlash-after-lane-kiffin-announcement-11162440
Article: – noon ET on ESPN, ESPNU, Disney+ and the ESPN App," ESPN announced., "The Champ Week trip to Atlanta marks the 10th time College GameDay is originating from the SEC Championship and the third straight season...Overall, this will be Alabama’s 62nd appearance on the show and Georgia’s 43rd. The Bulldogs are making their third appearance on GameDay this season, while the Tide is making its second." The Worldwide Leader also announced three coaches will be part of the broadcast. More College Football: Lane Kiffin’s Immediate Ole Miss Replacement Revealed Naturally, Georgia head coach Kirby Smart and Alabama coach Kalen DeBoer will make an appearance as their teams are in the conference title game. "List of host’s/participant’s representation by major agencies: Kirk Herbstreit - CAA, Nick Saban - CAA, Pat McAfee - CAA, Rece Davis - CAA, Desmond Howard - CAA, Lane Kiffin - CAA At least try to hide it.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/donald-trump-changes-course-on-white-house-ballroom-11162052
Article: The facility, intended as the largest addition to the White House since the Oval Office, has sparked debate among historians, preservationists, commentators, and the public due to its demolition of the historic East Wing and the bypassing of standard preservation reviews. "Shalom is an accomplished architect whose work has shaped the architectural identity of our nation’s capital for decades and his experience will be a great asset to the completion of this project," White House spokesperson David Ingle said. Shalom Baranes Associates, founded in 1981, is recognized for its previous work on government buildings in Washington, including the main Treasury building near the White House, the General Services Administration’s headquarters, and the American Red Cross Headquarters in Washington, D.C. Trump’s White House ballroom project has faced heightened scrutiny following aerial images showing the complete demolition of the East Wing, contradicting earlier statements that no existing structure would be removed for the ballroom. The BBC reported that Trump leveraged a decades-old exemption, allowing him to bypass the National Historic Preservation Act's standard review for federal properties such as the White House, though previous presidents typically sought voluntary review. What People Are Saying White House spokesperson David Ingle said: "As we begin to transition into the next stage of development on the White House Ballroom, the administration is excited to share that the highly talented Shalom Baranes has joined the team of experts to carry out President Trump’s vision on building what will be the greatest addition to the White House since the Oval Office–the White House Ballroom.” Priya Jain, chair of a heritage preservation committee at the Society of Architectural Historians, told the BBC: "In this case, it would have been: do we need such a big ballroom? I haven't seen much out there about how that was assessed." Speaking this week, White House visitor Amiah Henry, a student from Sulphur, Louisiana, said: "The tour was significantly longer last year. I'm sad I didn't get to see it today, but, you know, what can I do?" Kevin Heins, a retired military and law enforcement veteran who was also visiting the White House as tours reopened this week, said: "The tour was a little bit shorter, but I think in the long run, with the extension of the ballroom, I think it's going to be a good thing because you won't have to wait outside in tents for events and all that. I just think that, with our country, we should have something nice to host events at the White House." What Happens Next With Shalom Baranes now spearheading its design, the White House ballroom project is expected to enter a new phase, potentially easing the timeline delays experienced under previous oversight.

Link: https://abc7.com/post/cary-hiroyuki-tagawa-actor-performed-mortal-kombat-has-died-75/18253705/
Article: Cary-Hiroyuki Tagawa, actor who performed in 'Mortal Kombat,' has died at 75 Cary-Hiroyuki Tagawa, a Tokyo-born actor known for his roles in the film "Mortal Kombat" and TV series "The Man in the High Castle" has died. Photo by Jordan Strauss/Invision/AP, File Tagawa's decades of film and TV roles truly got off the ground in 1987 when he appeared in Bernardo Bertolucci's Oscar-winning film "The Last Emperor." Since then, he appeared in such films as "Pearl Harbor," "Planet of the Apes" and "License to Kill." Tagawa was raised mostly in the U.S. "The good news for Asian actors and Hollywood is that it's better than it's ever been, but the bad news is that it hasn't changed that much," he told Midweek in 2005. "The opportunities haven't increased that much, but commercially there's more exposure." Tagawa played the Baron in "Memoirs of a Geisha," a 2005 movie based on the bestselling novel chronicling a young girl's rise from poverty in a Japanese fishing village to life in high society. Some critics said the movie lacked authenticity, but Tagawa said it was unrealistic to expect a fictional work written and directed by Americans to fully reflect Japanese style and sensitivities.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c773vn035plo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Disruption as flights resume at Edinburgh Airport after outage 1 hour ago Share Save Angie Brown Edinburgh and East reporter Share Save BBC There were flight cancellations and delays following the outage Passengers are experiencing delays and cancellations after an air traffic control outage led to the suspension of flights to and from Edinburgh Airport.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/cricket/articles/c62l88q8er0o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: After losing the first Test inside two days, England opted not to send any of their XI from Perth to a day-night England Lions game against the Prime Minister's XI in Canberra. That's one of the nuances of the game and this pink-ball Test match." However, former England captain Michael Vaughan told the Test Match Special podcast no amount of fielding drills can replicate match practice. The only way you get good at that is by training the brain to do it." When this point was raised with Root, he countered: "It's never going to be perfect.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/eurovision-song-contest-israels-participation-sparks-walkouts-128136363
Article: The Eurovision Song Contest is facing a major crisis after four countries pulled out over Israel's participation What to know about the Eurovision Song Contest as Israel's participation sparks walkouts By JILL LAWLESS Associated Press and JAMEY KEATEN Associated Press FILE - JJ, from Austria, stands on the stage with his trophy after winning the Grand Final of the 69th Eurovision Song Contest in Basel, Switzerland, May 18, 2025. (AP Photo/Martin Meissner, File) FILE - JJ, from Austria, stands on the stage with his trophy after winning the Grand Final of the 69th Eurovision Song Contest in Basel, Switzerland, May 18, 2025. (AP Photo/Martin Meissner, File) LONDON -- The Eurovision Song Contest, which aims to be an upbeat celebration of music and unity, is facing the biggest crisis in its seven-decade history after four countries walked out of the competition over Israel’s participation and others weighed whether to join the boycott. Spain, the Netherlands, Ireland and Slovenia announced they will not take part in the 2026 contest in Vienna in May after organizers declined to expel Israel over its conduct of the war against Hamas in Gaza. Eurovision expert Paul Jordan said Friday “it’s unlikely we’ll see a mass exodus” but that 2026 will be a "tense year.” Founded in 1956, in part to help unite a shattered continent after World War II, Eurovision pits acts from dozens of countries against one another for the continent’s musical crown. The Geneva-based European Broadcasting Union — a group of public broadcasters from 56 countries that runs Eurovision — tried to assuage concerns by tightening contest voting rules in response to allegations that Israel manipulated the public vote in favor of its competitor Yuval Raphael. It said “a large majority of members” felt the contest "should proceed as planned, with the additional safeguards in place.” Eurovision Director Martin Green told Swedish television that the meeting reaffirmed “the belief that the Eurovision Song Contest shouldn’t be used as a political theater. It must retain some sense of neutrality.” Immediately after the EBU decision, broadcasters RTVE in Spain, AVROTROS in the Netherlands, RTÉ in Ireland and Slovenia’s RTVSLO announced they were pulling out. RTVE said the situation in Gaza — despite the recent ceasefire — and “Israel’s use of the contest for political purposes, make it increasingly difficult to maintain Eurovision as a neutral cultural event.” RTÉ said participation was “unconscionable given the appalling loss of lives in Gaza.” Icelandic broadcaster RUV, which had recommended Israel be barred, said its chiefs will meet Wednesday to discuss whether Iceland will also walk away. “I deeply regret that several European television channels made a different choice.” Israeli President Isaac Herzog said on social platform X that he was “pleased” Israel will again take part and hoped “the competition will remain one that champions culture, music, friendship between nations and cross-border cultural understanding.” Some Israelis said they were glad their country was participating but felt the debate around them was unfair. Tel Aviv resident Bret Katz said “it’s a terrible, terrible thing to ostracize a country and not to understand who was attacked on October 7, 2023.” The boycotting countries will not send a musical act to the 2026 contest and will not broadcast it.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/mlb/mets-predicted-to-trade-for-2-time-all-star-ace-after-devin-williams-addition-11162241
Article: “Perhaps this was inevitable, but the interest in right-hander Freddy Peralta is so significant, the Milwaukee Brewers are now considering ‘cracking the door open’ for trade discussions, according to a person briefed on their situation,” Rosenthal wrote on Wednesday.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/woman-searches-house-dog-11162130
Article: Many people hailed his dedication to staying warm in bed, with his owner even calling him an “unbothered king.” Among the responses, one comment reads: “Do not disturb mode.” Another TikTok user wrote: “I can only aspire to be this relaxed and cozy.” Another person replied: “Us when we want to stay in bed for 5 more mins.” While one commenter added: “He said call back later, take a message.” Do you have funny and adorable videos or pictures of your pet you want to share?

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/wrestling/bianca-belair-receives-disappointing-update-on-wwe-status-11162250
Article: In the same session, Belair also opened up about the physical changes she has experienced during her hiatus, noting that she gained 20 pounds during her absence but has already managed to lose 10 pounds of it as she ramps up her training. More news: Nikki Bella Reunites With Ex-Boyfriend At WWE Raw She went on to describe the specific moment the injury occurred during the high-stakes match at "WrestleMania." The incident happened during a high-risk sequence involving all three competitors. And we were going to the top rope, because that’s what we do, and we came off the top rope and Rhea landed straight on my hand and it just crushed everything in my finger. Given the extended recovery timeline, fans are hopeful that the former champion will be ready to return in time for the "Royal Rumble" in January 2026, kicking off the road to "WrestleMania 42".

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/owner-checks-pet-cam-unprepared-for-what-she-sees-blind-cat-doing-11161630
Article: The TikTok video has gone viral, and in just a matter of days it has generated over 9.1 million views and more than 2.2 million likes at the time of writing. Stevie was found in 2022 as a stray when she was just a kitten, at which point she had a “very bad infection that claimed her eyes.” After being taken in, Stevie was experienced many firsts – from her first vet appointment, the first bath, and of course, her first toy. One comment reads: “My blind cat also likes his daily wall time.” Another TikTok user wrote: “I also have a blind cat, and this is her fav activity.” Another person replied: “She’s looking out the window, please let her be.” While one commenter added: “my owner should be home any second through that door right in front of me.” Do you have funny and adorable videos or pictures of your pet you want to share?

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/democrats-unveil-retirement-bingo-card-amid-gop-infighting-11161956
Article: The Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee has released a "GOP Retirement Watch" bingo card, highlighting Republican members of Congress they think could be leaving amid reports that House Speaker Mike Johnson is facing an internal revolt over his running of the chamber. Notably, Republican Representative Marjorie Taylor Greene of Georgia who abruptly declared last month that she would resign in January, citing several reasons, including that "the legislature has been mostly sidelined" this year. The number of exits, which reportedly outpaces those of Democrats by a 2-to-1 ratio, is underscored by growing concerns that the Republican Party is on a path toward losing its majority in Congress in next year’s midterm elections. What To Know As well as Johnson and Mace, the other Republicans featured on the bingo card are: Representatives Mike Rogers of Alabama, David Valadao and Darrell Issa of California, Carlos Gimenez of Florida, Victoria Spartz of Indiana, Bill Huizenga of Michigan, Ann Wagner and Sam Graves of Missouri, Jeff Van Drew of New Jersey, Chuck Edwards of North Carolina, Mike Turner of Ohio, Brian Fitzpatrick of Pennsylvania, Tony Gonzales of Texas and Rob Wittman of Virginia. Mace has denied she is resigning, saying on Thursday that she has "no interest" in leaving Congress before the end of her term despite her dissatisfaction with how the House is operating. Among his critics is New York Representative Elise Stefanik, a top Trump ally running for governor, who accused Johnson of lying after a provision she championed wasn’t included in a defense bill. In an interview with The Wall Street Journal, she called Johnson a "political novice" and said he was losing control of the GOP conference, adding that he wouldn’t be elected speaker if the vote were held today. She criticized Johnson’s decision to keep members out of session during the recent record-breaking government shutdown, the GOP underperforming in special elections and his failure to address an expected hike in health care costs if a deal with Democrats isn’t reached. Meanwhile, some Republicans including Representative Anna Paulina Luna of Florida are launching discharge petitions to go around Johnson, following the success of the high-profile discharge petition to force the vote on releasing the Jeffrey Epstein files. So grab your bingo card—because another Republican might be ‘spending more time with family’ before you finish reading this." Mace wrote on X on Thursday: "I loathe how slow Congress moves. Come by the office." What’s Next More than 30 Republicans have announced they will not seek reelection in 2026 and it remains to be seen if more retirements or resignations are announced. While most of the departing lawmakers represent reliably Republican districts, some represent competitive districts that could further complicate the GOP’s chances of retaining control of the House after next year’s midterm elections.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nfl/richard-sherman-calls-out-cowboys-wr-george-pickens-after-loss-to-lions-11162487
Article: The Dallas Cowboys entered Thursday night’s matchup against the Detroit Lions riding high on a two-game win streak, with victories over the last two Super Bowl champions—the Philadelphia Eagles and the Kansas City Chiefs. Lamb finished with six receptions for 121 yards before leaving the game, but George Pickens managed just five catches for 37 yards—and drew harsh criticism postgame from Prime Video analyst and former NFL star Richard Sherman, who questioned Pickens’ effort. If you’re the Dallas Cowboys and you’re thinking about paying him big-time receiver money—$40 million—you’ve got to look at this tape and ask, ‘Is this a guy we can trust?’ I don’t know.” More news: Vikings Top Candidate to Reunite With 18,000-Yard QB Amid JJ McCarthy Concern ...

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/mlb/phillies-predicted-to-lose-153-million-all-star-to-cubs-in-free-agency-11162124
Article: For most teams, a 30-year-old lefty with an All-Star appearance, a track record of playoff excellence, and low-three ERAs in each of the last two seasons would be a priority to keep around. One also has to wonder if the trade to bring in fellow lefty Jesús Luzardo last winter was part of the Phillies' contingency plan for losing Suárez at this time. On Friday, Joel Reuter of Bleacher Report predicted that the Chicago Cubs, whose rotation is heavily left-handed already but needs a boost regardless, would ink Suárez to a fresh contract at some point this winter. "Ranger Suárez has been a groundball pitcher throughout his career, with a strong 52.0 percent groundball rate for his career, and that means a team with a strong defensive infield might be his ideal landing spot," Reuter wrote. "It doesn't get much better than the middle infield tandem of Nico Hoerner and Dansby Swanson for the Cubs, and rookie Matt Shaw was also a Gold Glove finalist at third base, making the North Side an ideal place for Suárez to land on a long-term deal." With Suárez in tow, Chicago would have four lefties in the rotation next year if and when Justin Steele returns from Tommy John surgery, including those two, Matthew Boyd and Shota Imanaga. The Athletic's Tim Britton projected him for a six-year, $153 million contract last month, which is justifiable in context, but is also a major expenditure for a soft-tosser who's never qualified for the ERA title.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/jd-usha-vance-marriage-ring-divorce-rumors-rcna-11162539
Article: Vice President JD Vance laughed off the social media speculation about his marriage to Second Lady Usha Vance after she was recently photographed without her wedding ring, and said their relationship is "as strong as it’s ever been". The pair's marriage came under scrutiny online when Usha Vance was seen without her wedding ring as she visited Camp Lejeune, a military training facility in Jacksonville, North Carolina, alongside First Lady Melania Trump on November 19. And President Joe Biden's former press secretary Jen Psaki stirred controversy in October when she joked about saving Usha Vance from her marriage to the vice president, prompting an angry response from the White House. “With anything in life, you take the good with the bad," Vance continued to NBC, referring to the attention that they garner now that they are in the White House. But our marriage is as strong as it’s ever been, and I think Usha’s really taken to it, and it’s been kind of cool to see how she’s developed and evolved in this new role.” Responding when the missing wedding ring photos first went viral, a spokesperson for the second lady said in a statement that she is “a mother of three young children, who does a lot of dishes, gives lots of baths and forgets her ring sometimes." Vance: Heir to Trump's MAGA Movement? In an interview earlier this year, Usha Vance said she was "not plotting out" the next steps, adding that she would be happy to be "along for the ride" if her husband became president.

Link: https://abc7.com/post/2026-winter-olympics-ralph-lauren-unveils-team-usa-uniforms/18253740/
Article: 2026 Winter Olympics: Ralph Lauren unveils Team USA uniforms NEW YORK -- Ralph Lauren revealed Team USA's Milan Cortina Winter Olympics looks Thursday, complete with Americana knit sweaters and plenty of vintage call-backs. "We are creating something that we know has to become timeless and has to be something that people will wear forever and appreciate forever," said David Lauren, the Chief Branding and Innovation Officer at Ralph Lauren. Things that are already enduring parts of the Ralph Lauren lexicon, and then we'll build on that." Beyond the ceremony looks, a Team USA collection, which will also be given to athletes as Olympic village wear, became available to public Thursday. The collection follows similar design themes as the opening and closing ceremony looks, with classic red, white and blue patterning on lots of knits, and includes Ralph Lauren's versions of winter staples like bomber jackets and hockey jerseys. The Ralph Lauren team, which has been designing Team USA's Olympic apparel since 2008, starts on each Olympics' looks about 2 1/2 years out from the Games, meeting with athletes and brainstorming ideas for the kits. Para snowboarder Brenna Huckaby and snowboarder Red Gerard explained to The Associated Press that there's a tradition of swapping team sweaters and jackets with other nations at the Olympics, if there's a certain country's design that catches an athlete's eye. "I rarely trade, because I almost always love every single piece of Team USA stuff," said Huckaby, modeling the color-blocked closing ceremony sweater that she said "is going to be on rotation after." "But every now and then there will be some random thing that another country has. And it's so hard to sit with all my bags, all my stuff open, like, 'OK, what am I willing to part with?' That is probably, aside from competing, the hardest part of the Games," she said.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cdd5zelp7v6o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Kim Cattrall marries fiancé she met on BBC radio show 59 minutes ago Share Save Helen Bushby Culture reporter Share Save Getty Images Sex and the City actress Kim Cattrall has married Russell Thomas, almost a decade after they met when she was a guest on a radio show at the BBC, where he worked. We've just had so much fun." The newspaper said they met in April 2016 when she appeared on Woman's Hour to read diary entries written during a bout of "crippling insomnia", which had forced her to pull out of a play at London's Royal Court.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/world/trumps-security-strategy-slams-european-allies-and-asserts-u-s-power-in-western-hemisphere
Article: allies in Europe for its scathing critiques of their migration and free speech policies, suggesting they face the “prospect of civilizational erasure” and raising doubts about their long-term reliability as American partners. WASHINGTON (AP) — President Donald Trump’s administration set forth a new national security strategy that paints European allies as weak and aims to reassert America’s dominance in the Western Hemisphere. It is a stark break from the course set by Democratic President Joe Biden’s administration, which sought to reinvigorate alliances after many were rattled in Trump’s first term and to check a more assertive Russia. suggests that Europe is being enfeebled by its immigration policies, declining birthrates, “censorship of free speech and suppression of political opposition” and a “loss of national identities and self-confidence.” “Should present trends continue, the continent will be unrecognizable in 20 years or less. We want Europe to remain European, to regain its civilizational self-confidence.” READ MORE: Trump’s global policy ideas have some wondering how the president went from America First to America Everywhere Despite Trump’s “America First” maxim, his administration has carried out a series of military strikes on alleged drug traffickers in the Caribbean Sea and eastern Pacific Ocean while weighing possible military action in Venezuela to pressure President Nicolás Maduro. The moves are part of what the national security strategy lays out as “a ‘Trump Corollary’ to the Monroe Doctrine.” The 1823 Monroe Doctrine, formulated by President James Monroe, was originally aimed at opposing any European meddling in the Western Hemisphere and was used to justify U.S.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/05/trump-netflix-wbd-deal.html
Article: The New York Post on Thursday reported that, "Paramount Skydance chief David Ellison met with Trump officials and key lawmakers in Washington DC on Wednesday to press his case against Warner Bros.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/05/hpe-stock-earnings-q4.html
Article: The company reported earnings after the bell on Thursday, posting revenue of $9.68 billion, which was up 14% over the year prior but fell short of the $9.94 billion in revenue expected by analysts polled by LSEG.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/politics/justice-department/pipe-bomb-suspect-told-fbi-believed-2020-election-conspiracy-theories-rcna247544
Article: Mandel Ngan / AFP via Getty Images Trump has falsely claimed the 2020 election was "rigged." Cole was charged with transporting an explosive device and attempted malicious destruction by means of explosive materials, according to charging documents. In his final report on the investigation, Smith said that Trump "inspired his supporters to commit acts of physical violence" by spreading "demonstrably and, in many cases, obviously false" claims about the 2020 election. Trump’s election and imminent return to the Presidency, the Office assessed that the admissible evidence was sufficient to obtain and sustain a conviction at trial." Smith recently said he wanted to publicly testify about his investigation, but House Republicans rejected his request, instead planning to interview him behind closed doors on Dec.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/health/kids-health/cdc-panel-vote-hepatitis-b-vaccine-babies-rfk-jr-rcna247482
Article: The panel is considering whether to roll back that guidance and instead suggest that women who test negative for hepatitis B decide in consultation with a health care provider whether their baby should get the dose at birth. If the panel rolls back the universal recommendation for newborns, it would go against widespread consensus among public health experts, who before Thursday's meeting issued loud pleas not to change the hepatitis B vaccination schedule.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/forever-chemicals-disrupt-placenta-may-add-risk-pregnancies-pfas-11162149
Article: During the first 90 days of pregnancy, the fetus begins forming its organs, and the placenta establishes itself as the lifeline between mother and baby, regulating nutrients, oxygen and metabolic waste. Although the placenta has its own protective barriers, PFAS are uniquely persistent: they accumulate in the body over time, can cross placental tissue and have been associated with complications ranging from impaired fetal growth to, in severe cases, miscarriage. “These PFAS were relevant for our investigations because we detected them in high concentrations in placenta and there was literature indication that they might trigger pregnancy complications,” said paper author Yu Xia in a statement. The researchers combined the six chemicals into a placenta-relevant PFAS mixture and exposed it to a 3D trophoblast model—an advanced system that mimics the spherical cell architecture of early placental tissue far more accurately than traditional flat cultures. “However, this balance is disturbed when the placenta is exposed to high PFAS concentrations.” The PFAS mixture also reduced production of β-hCG, the placenta’s first hormone and one of the earliest regulators of pregnancy. “The study emphasizes the harmful effects of the PFAS mixture on trophoblast function and thus the potential risks to placental health and the outcome of the pregnancy,” said Professor Ana Zenclussen, head of the UFZ department of environmental immunology, in a statement.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/list-schools-closed-friday-winter-storm-11162088
Article: What To Know Districts across West Virginia, Virginia, Maryland and Washington, D.C., scheduled early-morning closings and delays for Friday, December 5, 2025, in response to snow, sleet and freezing rain. At the time of publication, December 5, 2025, 9:49 am E.T., the following school districts have announced closures: West Virginia: Tazewell, Mercer, Monroe, Summers, Fayette, Wyoming, McDowell, Pocahontas, Greenbrier, Raleigh, Nicholas schools are closed Friday, according to woay.com. Virginia: Alleghany Highlands, Amherst County, Appomattox County, Bedford County, Buckingham County, Buena Vista City, Campbell County, Carroll County, Charlotte County, Craig County, Clarke County Public, Culpeper County Public Schools, Danville Public, Floyd County, Fauquier County, Franklin County, Galax City, Grayson County, Fairfax Christian, Halifax County, Henry County, Highland County, Highland School, Liberty Christian Academy, Lynchburg City, Loudoun Country Day School, Loudoun County Public Schools, Martinsville City, Matthew's Center for Visual Learning, Montgomery County, Nelson County, Prince Edward County, Providence Academy - Leesburg, Pulaski County, Roanoke City, Roanoke County, Rockbridge County, Shenandoah County Public Schools, Salem City schools are closed Friday, per wset.com. Alleghany Highlands, Amherst County, Appomattox County, Bedford County, Buckingham County, Buena Vista City, Campbell County, Carroll County, Charlotte County, Craig County, Clarke County Public, Culpeper County Public Schools, Danville Public, Floyd County, Fauquier County, Franklin County, Galax City, Grayson County, Fairfax Christian, Halifax County, Henry County, Highland County, Highland School, Liberty Christian Academy, Lynchburg City, Loudoun Country Day School, Loudoun County Public Schools, Martinsville City, Matthew's Center for Visual Learning, Montgomery County, Nelson County, Prince Edward County, Providence Academy - Leesburg, Pulaski County, Roanoke City, Roanoke County, Rockbridge County, Shenandoah County Public Schools, Salem City schools are closed Friday, per wset.com. Fredericksburg City, Orange County, King George County, Manassas City, Manassas Park City, Spotsylvania County, Spotsylvania Juvenile and Domestic Relations Court, and Stafford County schools are closed on Friday, according to wjla.com. Maryland: Al-Huda, Calverton, Dorchester County Public, Prince George's Christian Academy, Rock Creek Christian Academy, Talbot County Public Schools, The Arc of Southern MD, The Oxford Achievement Center and Dupont Park Adventist is virtual learning only, according to wjla.com. What People Are Saying The National Weather Service says: "When caught in a winter storm, there are life-saving actions you can take to protect yourself outside, in a vehicle, and inside your home or office. If you have an upstairs gas furnace that vents out the roof, you may need to turn off the upstairs unit until the snow melts off your roof." What Happens Next Many of the affected districts have published school-specific closure information on their local websites and encourage parents to check for updates, given the possibility of rapidly changing conditions.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/map-states-highest-immigration-court-backlogs-11160550
Article: At the beginning of the year, there were about 700 immigration judges in the country, but the number has now fallen below 600, according to the National Association of Immigration Judges. "The backlog has decreased since the start of 2025 by close to half a million cases," Amelia Wilson, an assistant professor of Law and director of the Immigration Justice Clinic, told Newsweek. This will undoubtedly create serious delays in adjudication." The backlog and long average wait times mean many immigrants and asylum seekers remain in legal limbo for years before their cases are adjudicated. A new bill from Senator Adam Schiff and Representative Juan Vargas would require temporary judges to have appellate experience, hold administrative judge positions, or have a significant background in immigration law. The Trump administration marshalled agencies like ICE and CBP to move through immigration court buildings, stalking the halls of the courts as they waited to detain migrants without legal status after their cases were dismissed in a bid to increase arrests and removals. But, at great expense to due process." The Department of Homeland Security wrote in a post on X: "If you're a legal professional, join the Department of Justice as a Deportation Judge to preside over cases and determine whether an alien must stay or leave our nation." What Happens Next Given the scale of the backlog and its concentration in select states and courts, clearing the caseload remains a major challenge.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/holiday-gift-guide-for-sports-kids-shop-best-christmas-ideas-for-young-athletes-fans-11159247
Article: Mini Games Age Range: 4+ If the children you are shopping for need to burn some energy, these are some fun games that will keep them entertained for hours, while also developing their hand-eye coordination in the process. Board Age Range: 6+ Active kids need time to settle down, and you might not yet be familiar with Board, but it is one of the next big things in gaming. Team Plushies Age Range: Any More for the younger children, but if you are having trouble deciding, it is hard to go wrong with plushies or stuffed animals featuring their favorite teams.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/ncaa/penn-state-has-competition-for-top-candidate-to-replace-james-franklin-11162678
Article: More Football: NFL Reaches Punishment Decision After Patrick Mahomes Incident vs Colts One of those options, interim head coach Terry Smith, who helped stop a disastrous losing streak that cost Franklin his job and resulted in the loss of quarterback Drew Allar, is receiving interest from other teams. As Penn State athletic director Pat Kraft wonders who will be the next head coach, Smith is reportedly receiving "significant interest" from Memphis and UConn, according to NFL insider Jordan Schultz. Smith would likely accept the Penn State job above leaving the Nittany Lions for Memphis or UConn, but the longer Kraft waits to make a decision, the more likely Smith's exit appears.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/woman-thrifts-platter-4-four-dollars-goodwin-vintage-11162164
Article: “I also love vintage items because they seem to be much better quality than all the things that are mass produced these days.” Knipfing also sees her forays into the world of thrifting as her way of being able to “shop sustainably,” though she’s happy to admit the thrill of the chase plays a big part in her hobby too. “Honestly, there’s not a lot about thrifting that I don’t love.” A recent trip to a Goodwill in Greenville saw Knipfing served as a reminder of why she loves thrifting so much. “The entire shipment was lost and this was too much for the company to recover from and they went into liquidation.” Though it’s difficult to put an exact figure on it without proper valuation, similar pieces in equally pristine condition appear to hold substantial value. great find,” another said with a third commenting: “I would pass out.” Though she could potentially turn a profit on the piece, right now Knipfing is happy to add it to her collection.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/mlb/yankees-predicted-to-acquire-190m-marquee-free-agent-starter-11162410
Article: And if so, how much should they be willing to spend on that starter to build the most dominant rotation possible once Cole and Rodón are back in the fold? "With an electric fastball and plus secondary stuff, (Imai) fits into the top tier of available pitchers this winter alongside Framber Valdez, Ranger Suárez and the already-signed Dylan Cease," wrote Reuter "After telling reporters he wants to "take down" the Dodgers, Imai's most obvious speculative landing spot is far less likely than expected. With Gerrit Cole, Carlos Rodón and Clarke Schmidt all sidelined to start the year, the Yankees need rotation depth and are viewed as one of the favorites." Whoever signs Imai may be paying a premium for his age, as he's a couple of years younger than just about all his free-agent peers. The Athletic's Tim Britton projects him for an eight-year, $190 million contract, which would be the sixth deal worth over $150 million that the Yankees would have on their books.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/world-cup-draw-fifa-2026-live-updates-11161959
Article: We know most of the teams who will be participating--there are a few qualifiers who still have to make it through playoffs--but a major piece of the puzzle remains: Which nations will be grouped together?

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/how-to-buy-team-usa-hockey-jerseys-shop-2026-milano-cortina-winter-olympics-gear-11160412
Article: The expanded international spotlight on the 2026 Winter Olympics brings high hopes for all Team USA hockey squads as they chase gold, relying on deep talent, recent success at world championships, and the motivation that comes with representing the red, white, and blue on one of sport’s biggest stages. For 2026, USA Hockey unveiled Nike-designed jerseys in classic royal blue for home and crisp white for away, featuring bold diagonal “USA” lettering across the chest and a gold-accented crest, a deliberate homage to the celebrated 1960 U.S. Those outfits lean heavily into patriotic red, white, and blue colorways and vintage-inspired skiwear aesthetics, combining national pride, fashion, and Olympic tradition in a way that reflects both legacy and modern design.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/cubs-have-renewed-interest-in-signing-182-million-star-from-red-sox-11159806
Article: As a result, the Cubs are going to need to pivot to a huge backup plan in the same way the New York Yankees did last offseason when they lost Juan Soto. "After a failed bid to sign Bregman during spring training, the Cubs have shown renewed interest in the All-Star third baseman, according to sources briefed on the club’s offseason planning," Mooney and Sharma wrote. "While certain elements of the roster have changed — and the organization has different momentum from its first playoff appearance since 2020 — the logic that drove the Cubs to pursue Bregman then still applies now." The Cubs would be one of the top landing spots for Bregman for a few reasons.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/mom-buy-new-clothes-late-pregnancy-loss-tears-what-toddler-says-11161148
Article: It's a reminder of what has been lost, and everything about it—about me—feels so different." But, on the day she tried on bigger sizes in a clothing store dressing room with her 3-year-old daughter, LeMieux realized that she didn’t care. Instead, she was showered with compliments: "I love it" and "That looks gorgeous." As LeMieux wrote in her caption: "She just wants to know if it has pockets." "I realized that she simply saw cute pockets on the jeans, fun colors on the shirts and her saying if things fit or not had no other story attached to it," the 39-year-old said.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/nation-world/faa-flight-cuts-investigation-airlines-face-fines-if-didnt-comply/507-aa9ce9f3-9ef7-4b6d-a8d1-77c9860712c4
Article: The flight cuts started at 4% and later grew to 6% before the FAA rolled the restrictions back to 3%, citing continued improvements in air traffic controller staffing after the shutdown ended Nov.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/nation-world/what-does-warner-bros-own-dc-harry-potter-netflix-deal/507-dc449036-268b-4383-9506-3ce62421a149
Article: The seismic move would bring two of the industry’s biggest players in film and TV under one roof and give a new home to some of the world's most beloved franchises. Netflix pointed out in its release that the deal will add a number of beloved franchises, shows and movies such as "The Big Bang Theory," "The Sopranos," "Game of Thrones," "Harry Potter," "Friends," "The Wizard of Oz," and the DC Universe to its portfolio. "By adding the deep film and TV libraries and HBO and HBO Max programming, Netflix members will have even more high-quality titles from which to choose," Netflix said in its announcement.

Link: https://abc7.com/post/best-christmas-gifts-moms-16-options-loungewear-stylish-bags-perfume-wellness/18218050/
Article: Shop our top Christmas gifts for mom to show her the appreciation she deserves As a participant in multiple affiliate marketing programs, Localish will earn a commission for certain purchases. State of Day Women's Chenille Sweater & Pant Set 54% off Macy's State of Day Women's Chenille Sweater & Pant Set $44.99 $99.50 Valid: 12/02/2025 to 12/23/2025 Shop Now So soft and cozy, give her this sweater and pants set from State of Day. Litfun Women's Fuzzy Memory Foam Slippers 46% off Amazon Litfun Women's Fuzzy Memory Foam Slippers $15.99 $29.99 Valid: 12/04/2025 to 12/23/2025 Shop Now These Litfun Women's Fuzzy Memory Foam Slippers offer Mom comfort and style with warmth. Steve Madden Women's Brushed Plaid Blanket Wrap Scarf 47% off Macy's Steve Madden Women's Brushed Plaid Blanket Wrap Scarf $22.05 $42 Valid: 12/02/2025 to 12/23/2025 Shop Now She can use this Steve Madden blanket-inspired scarf a versatile and stylish accessory. Cricut Explore 4 Machine with Vinyl and Iron-On Bundle 26% off Amazon Cricut Explore 4 Machine with Vinyl and Iron-On Bundle $219.99 $299.99 Valid: 12/04/2025 to 12/23/2025 Shop Now Crafting projects will be easier for her than ever before. Amazon Echo Show 5 33% off Amazon Amazon Echo Show 5 $59.99 $89.99 Valid: 12/04/2025 to 12/23/2025 Shop Now She can make video calls with the Echo Show 5 so you can see her when you speak. Therabody SmartGoggles Heated Eye & Temple Massage Best Buy Therabody SmartGoggles Heated Eye & Temple Massage $179.99 Valid: 12/04/2025 to 12/23/2025 Shop Now She might love these SmartGoggles, designed to help with relaxation, reduce stress, relieve tension headaches, and improve sleep. Bird Buddy Smart Bird Feeder Best Buy Bird Buddy Smart Bird Feeder w/ Solar Roof $199 Valid: 12/04/2025 to 12/23/2025 Shop Now This AI-powered smart bird feeder, Bird Buddy, captures close-ups of feathered visitors in great detail.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cdd5z3qdjv4o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Doctor charged with sex assaults of 38 patients Nathaniel Spencer is due to appear before North Staffordshire Justice Centre in January A doctor has been charged with sexually assaulting 38 patients who were in his care, the Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) has said. Nathaniel Spencer, 38, of Quinton, Birmingham, has been charged with 15 counts of sexual assault, 17 counts of assault by penetration and nine counts of sexual assault of a child under 13.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/crl900pyk11o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: In the build up to the Budget on 26 November, the chancellor had repeatedly warned that a downgrade to the UK's economic productivity forecasts meant the finances were in a worst state than previously thought. Faisal Islam: The real reason Reeves is making you pay more tax Reeves denies she misled public over UK's finances in run-up to Budget Chris Mason: Why, in my judgement, Reeves was misleading on one specific point In his letter to Sir Laurie, Farage said: "The chancellor conducted a sustained public and media campaign portraying the public finances as being in a state of collapse in order to prepare political ground for approximately £30bn of tax increases which, on the OBR's own numbers, were discretionary policy choices rather than unavoidable fiscal necessity. "The British people are now facing the heaviest tax burden in generations on the basis of what increasingly looks like a sustained misrepresentation of the true fiscal position." In his reply to Farage explaining his decision not to launch an investigation, Sir Laurie said: "It is not within my remit to consider the collective actions of government departments or individuals other than ministers." He added that he was also not able to look into "questions of market regulation" which are the responsibility of the Financial Conduct Authority FCA). Speaking to a committee on Tuesday, a senior official at the Office for Budget Responsibility said he did not believe the chancellor had been misleading when she said, ahead of the Budget, that the state of the public finances was "very challenging".

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/12/05/g-s1-100873/netflix-buys-warner-bros-discovery-studio-streaming
Article: And Netflix is ubiquitous with on-demand content and has built its own production arm to release popular titles, including "Stranger Things" and "Squid Game." "For more than a century, Warner Bros. "By coming together with Netflix, we will ensure people everywhere will continue to enjoy the world's most resonant stories for generations to come." Sponsor Message The cash and stock deal is valued at $27.75 per Warner share, giving it a total enterprise value of approximately $82.7 billion. "This deal changes the calculus of the streaming wars, representing a seismic shift in the entertainment industry." What the future of both Netflix and HBO Max will look like has yet to be seen. Netflix on Friday said that the addition of HBO and HBO Max programming will give its members "even more high-quality titles from which to choose" and "optimize its plans for consumers." Still, some warn that consolidation across the industry will mean less variety of content — and fewer choices for consumers down the road. But there's been exceptions, including qualifying runs for its awards contenders, including this year's "Frankenstein," limited theater screenings of a "KPop Demon Hunters" sing-a-long and its coming "Stranger Things" series finale. "Our mission has always been to entertain the world," Ted Sarandos, co-CEO of Netflix said in a statement — adding that merging with Warner will "give audiences more of what they love." Critics say a Netflix-Warner combo would be bad news for people who love to go to movie theaters and for those who work in them. and another 26,000 screens internationally — was quick to oppose the proposed deal, which it said "poses an unprecedented threat to the global exhibition business." "Netflix's stated business model does not support theatrical exhibition. As recently as October — when Warner signaled that it was open to a potential sale of its business — Netflix's Sarandos reiterated on an earnings call that the company had been "very clear in the past that we have no interest in owning legacy media networks" and that there was "no change there." Sponsor Message "We believe that we can be and we will be choosy," Sarandos said at the time, without fully ruling out a potential bid for Warner. Paramount seemed like the frontrunner for some time — and unlike Netflix or Comcast, was reportedly vying to buy Warner's entire company, including its cable business housing networks like CNN and Discovery. Meanwhile, networks like CNN, Discovery and TNT Sports and digital products such as the Discovery+ streaming service and Bleacher Report would make up a separate cable counterpart called "Discovery Global." Discovery Global is set to become a new publicly-traded company, in a process now expected to be completed in the third quarter of 2026.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/economy/netflix-to-acquire-warner-bros-studio-and-streaming-business-for-72-billion
Article: “By coming together with Netflix, we will ensure people everywhere will continue to enjoy the world’s most resonant stories for generations to come.” The cash and stock deal is valued at $27.75 per Warner share, giving it a total enterprise value of approximately $82.7 billion. “Our mission has always been to entertain the world,” Ted Sarandos, co-CEO of Netflix said in a statement — adding that merging with Warner will “give audiences more of what they love.” Critics say a Netflix-Warner combo could have negative consequences for movie theaters worldwide. and another 26,000 screens internationally — was quick to oppose the proposed deal, which it said “poses an unprecedented threat to the global exhibition business.” “Netflix’s stated business model does not support theatrical exhibition. As recently as October — when Warner signaled that it was open to a potential sale of its business — Netflix’s Sarandos reiterated on an earnings call that the company had been “very clear in the past that we have no interest in owning legacy media networks” and that there was “no change there.” “We believe that we can be and we will be choosy,” Sarandos said at the time, without fully ruling out a potential bid for Warner. Paramount seemed like the frontrunner for some time — and unlike Netflix or Comcast, was reportedly vying to buy Warner’s entire company, including its cable business housing networks like CNN and Discovery. The Netflix acquisition of Warner’s streaming and studio arm is expected to close in 12 to 18 months — after the company wraps up the spinoff of its cable business.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/coldest-temperatures-season-hits-midwest-northeast/story?id=128135150
Article: Record low temperatures were recorded across the Midwest and Northeast on Friday morning, including: 6 degrees in Scranton, Pennsylvania; minus 4 degrees in Plattsburgh, New York, zero degrees in Springfield, Illinois; and 3 degrees in Kalamazoo, Michigan. This weekend, a blast of cold air will bring a renewed chill to Minneapolis, and then next week, another shot of arctic air will keep the Midwest and Northeast well below zero for wind chills.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Health/wireStory/doctor-wanted-small-town-offers-big-perks-attract-118880326
Article: To attract a new doctor, Havana leaders took out want ads in local newspapers, posted notices on social media, and sweetened the pot with a rent-free medical office equipped with an x-ray, an ultrasound machine, and a bone density scanner -- all owned by the town. "This is important for our community," said Kendrah Wilkerson, Havana's town manager, "in the same way that parks are important and good future planning is important." According to a Florida Department of Health report, doctor shortages affect all or part of nearly every county, but less populous counties, such as Gadsden, where Havana is located, have the fewest physicians per 10,000 residents. Florida's doctor shortage is expected to grow in the next decade, with one study projecting a statewide need of 18,000 physicians -- including 6,000 primary care doctors -- by 2035. "This is a huge, huge issue," said Matthew Smeltzer, a managing partner of Capstone Recruiting Advisors, a company that helps hospitals, physician practices, and other employers find and hire doctors. "It probably hits small towns the hardest, just because most people would prefer to live in a midsize or large community." In this challenging environment, Havana leaders are hoping that want ads and rent-free perks will make their small town stand out and persuade a doctor to practice here. "It's people who still care and look out for each other, and neighbors are actually friends." Offering generous incentives was how town leaders got Newberry to practice in Havana in 1993. Susan Freiden, a former town manager who retired in 2006, said having a local doctor is also important to meet the needs of the town's low-income residents, many of whom are older adults. And though in his experience Florida, North Carolina, Tennessee, and Texas are among the places doctors want to live and work, it often takes something extra to persuade them to work in a small town, he said. "We hear quality of life and work-life balance far more in the last 3 to 5 years than we ever heard before," he said, "and that's almost in lockstep with compensation in terms of what they're focusing on." Freiden, the former Havana town manager, said those are the same values Newberry had when he started to practice here. He was kind of a different kind of physician." Fortunately for Havana, the town recently received interest from a family medicine doctor who grew up here, went to medical school, and expects to finish a 3-year residency at Tallahassee Memorial HealthCare in June. Camron Browning, MD, a 2003 graduate of Northside Havana High School, told the seven-member Town Council in a December interview that he was focusing on family medicine and that, during his residency, he has seen thousands of patients, delivered babies, and gained experience as a hospitalist. "My goal," he said, "was to be able to come home and serve my hometown." Smeltzer said Havana's incentives could be attractive to new doctors, such as Browning, who would face daunting startup costs to establish an independent practice. After the December interview, the Council voted unanimously to begin contract negotiations with Browning, who said he would plan to be ready to see patients as soon as possible after completing his residency. "This was always my dream." KFF Health News is a national newsroom that produces in-depth journalism about health issues and is one of the core operating programs at KFF -- an independent source of health policy research, polling, and journalism.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Health/wireStory/rfk-jr-wrong-medicare-medicaid-senate-confirmation-hearing-118283858
Article: Kennedy Jr.'s statements before the Senate Finance Committee on Wednesday revealed a concerning lack of knowledge about the major health programs he'd oversee, should he be confirmed as HHS secretary. The premiums are too high, the deductibles are too high, the networks are narrow." In fact, Medicaid plans generally do not have premiums, or if they do, under federal law they must be kept low based on income. Asked by Cassidy what reforms he would propose, Kennedy replied, "Well, I don't have a proposal for dismantling the program." He later gave vague responses to Cassidy's question about how he would improve programs for dual eligibles, some 12 million beneficiaries -- often with complex health issues -- who are eligible for Medicare but because of their low income, are also eligible for Medicaid. However, it is true that MA plans generally cost the trust fund a lot more than if the same beneficiaries were in traditional Medicare -- $82 billion more in 2023 according to the Medicare Payment Advisory Commission. At another point, Kennedy said that Medicaid is "fully paid for by the federal government," when in fact it is paid through a mix of state and federal money, with states contributing between 17% and 41% in fiscal year 2023. The American Public Health Association (APHA) and the American Academy of Pediatrics (AAP) held a joint media briefing Wednesday after the hearing, questioning Kennedy's fitness to run the agency, which has 13 separate and important divisions, thousands of programs, and 80,000 employees. Benjamin noted that it's important for someone in this position to be "rigorous about scientific evidence, not cherry pick, and understand things like healthcare financing, which he truly did not know the difference between Medicaid and the health exchanges." "He talked about copayments and premiums that were too high for Medicaid when Medicaid doesn't have premiums to start with," Benjamin said. Also, "he made a statement about the fact that NIH (National Institutes of Health) doesn't spend a lot of money on chronic diseases, which is absolutely not true." Benjamin was asked -- given the number of Kennedy's misstatements -- whether he at this point in the process should be better informed about Medicare and Medicaid, and problems with programs for dual eligibles. [HHS] does a lot of things, but I said earlier that the nation spends $5 trillion [on healthcare] and we're at the bottom of the other industrialized nations in terms of health outcomes. He doesn't even understand the basics of what the department does." Julie Sweetland, PhD, senior advisor at the Frameworks Institute, which conducts research on social issues and language, said during the briefing that Kennedy conveyed "quite a few instances of disinformation." Multiple times, he suggested "that most Americans are not happy with Medicaid, although some of his comments suggested that perhaps he was unclear on what Medicaid was. In fact, we know that more than 8 in 10 Medicaid enrollees rate the overall performance of Medicaid positively, according to a 2023 KFF poll." Susan Kressly, MD, president of AAP, was asked about Kennedy's statement to the committee that, "Most experts agree today, even the people who did it back then, COVID vaccines are inappropriate for 6-year-old children who basically have zero risk of COVID." Such remarks, along with Kennedy's often-repeated opposition to other vaccinations -- which he now denies -- raise concerns that he would find ways to discourage immunizations, perhaps by not requiring that they be covered as an essential benefit by Medicare or health plans.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/05/pce-inflation-report-september-2025.html
Article: A key inflation measure was lower than expected in September, the Commerce Department said Friday in a report delayed by the government shutdown that gives a further green light for the Federal Reserve to lower interest rates. One FOMC faction supports additional cuts as a way to head off further weakness in the labor market, while another sees continued threats from inflation that would require holding rates in a more restrictive position.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/05/the-new-york-times-perplexity-copyright.html
Article: "While we believe in the ethical and responsible use and development of AI, we firmly object to Perplexity's unlicensed use of our content to develop and promote their products," Graham James, a spokesperson for The Times, said in a statement.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/05/meta-strikes-multiple-ai-deals-with-news-publishers.html
Article: Meta has struck several commercial AI data agreements with news publishers, including USA Today, People, CNN, Fox News, The Daily Caller, Washington Examiner and Le Monde, the company said on Friday. The move comes as the social media giant looks to attract more users to its AI services amid increasing competition in the market, with rivals also investing heavily and signing content licensing agreements to bolster their offerings. "When you ask Meta AI news-related questions, you will now receive information and links that draw from more diverse content sources to help you discover timely and relevant content tailored to your interests," the company said. Meta has been scrambling to stay relevant in the AI race after its Llama 4 model met with poor reception, while committing billions to AI efforts, and reportedly looking to make budget cuts in its metaverse initiative.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/05/wall-streets-top-picks-for-2026-jpmorgan-likes-a-rare-biopharma-stock.html
Article: CNBC Pro obtained the lists of top stock picks that the major sell-side firms on Wall Street, such as JPMorgan, are giving clients, and found the individual stocks where analysts see the most upside. The analyst attributed the bullish outlook to an update in the company's Cosmic and Orbit studies, which evaluate the effect of setrusumab, a treatment for osteogenesis imperfecta, also known as brittle bone disease. On positive setrusumab data, we continue to see upside in RARE shares into the mid-$60s (on the low-end)." Rama added that Ultragenyx's current GAAP profitability guidance for 2027 assumes that the company's two priority review vouchers could sell at around $100 million each.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/5/al-assad-inner-circle-plotting-syrian-uprisings-from-russian-exile-report?traffic_source=rss
Article: Former loyalists to deposed Syrian ruler Bashar al-Assad are funnelling millions of dollars to tens of thousands of potential fighters in a bid to start uprisings against the country’s fledgling government, a Reuters investigation has found. The plot, uncovered through interviews with 48 people and financial documents reviewed by the Reuters news agency, comes as Syria marks one year since al-Assad’s fall and as the new government under President Ahmed al-Sharaa gains international legitimacy. Two men once closest to al-Assad – Major-General Kamal Hassan, his former military intelligence chief, and billionaire cousin Rami Makhlouf – are competing from exile in Moscow to build militias among Syria’s Alawite minority, the sect long associated with the fallen dynasty, according to the Reuters findings. Hassan, who ran the regime’s notorious military detention system, has been making relentless calls and sending voice messages to commanders from his Moscow villa, according to people close to him interviewed by Reuters. Reuters reported that he seethes about his lost influence and outlines grandiose visions of how he would rule coastal Syria, home to most of the country’s Alawite population and al-Assad’s former power base. Advertisement Makhlouf, who once used his business empire to fund the dictatorship during the ruinous 14-year civil war before falling out with his more powerful relatives and spending years under house arrest, now portrays himself in conversations as a messianic figure who will return to power after ushering in an apocalyptic final battle, according to the investigation. A prize for both men is control of a network of 14 underground command rooms built around coastal Syria towards the end of al-Assad’s rule, along with weapons caches, Reuters found. Hassan claims control of 12,000 fighters and has spent $1.5m since March, while Makhlouf claims at least 54,000 fighters and has spent at least $6m on salaries, according to internal documents and financial records reviewed by Reuters. Moscow, which granted al-Assad asylum, has since pivoted towards courting al-Sharaa’s government to preserve its vital Mediterranean military bases on Syria’s coast in Tartous – the same region the plotters seek to control. The revelations come as Syria navigates multiple challenges a year after al-Assad’s overthrow, including continuing Israeli military incursions, its demand for a buffer for Israel between the countries, and sectarian tensions that erupted into deadly violence in March and July.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nfl/cleveland-browns-shedeur-sanders-receives-warning-tennessee-titans-11163151
Article: Cleveland Browns quarterback Shedeur Sanders is getting ready to make his third start when the Browns face the Tennessee Titans this Sunday, and it could be a pivotal moment for Sanders. The rookie signal-caller has looked okay in his first couple of starts, but with the season drawing to a closer and the NFL Draft inching closer and closer, the time is now for Sanders to prove himself. Read more: Raiders’ Blockbuster QB Trade Fell Through for One Reason Ken Carman of 92.3 The Fan feels that this upcoming start will tell us a whole lot about Sanders and whether or not he actually has a chance to be the franchise quarterback moving forward. If he plays like he’s been playing the last two games and they win, I think we are going to have a conversation." Sanders initially made his first appearance in Week 11 after Dillon Gabriel exited the game with a concussion. He then went 11-for-20 with 209 yards, a touchdown and a pick in his first start the following week, and last Sunday, he completed 16 of 25 passes for 149 yards and a score. If he doesn’t play well and they lose, that's going to be a different animal and we are going to talk about Fernando Mendoza and Dante Moore and all the other things," Carman added. Carman continued to say that he wants to see Sanders open up the offense and that everyone wants to see him throw the football rather than just tossing short passes and handing the ball off to the running back. Anthony Lima then argued that if Sanders struggles and looks bad against the Titans, then that's probably it in terms of Sanders having any chance to become the long-term future in Cleveland. Cleveland is just 3-9 on the campaign and has a pair of first-round draft picks, so it can either select a quarterback straight up or trade up for one in the 2026 draft.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nfl/minnesota-vikings-justin-jefferson-trade-rumors-jj-mccarthy-response-11160220
Article: The Minnesota Vikings are having a relatively disastrous season on the heels of a 14-win campaign, but while the primary figures within the organization are all exhausted with the situation to a degree, they aren't tone deaf about the complaints of their compatriots. Jefferson chose not to speak to media members following his team's 26-0 road loss against the Seattle Seahawks in Week 13, during which undrafted rookie Max Brosmer filled in for McCarthy and threw four interceptions. “It’s hard to imagine that they would trade Justin Jefferson, but then again, a year ago, I would have said it’s hard to imagine the Dallas Cowboys would have traded Micah Parsons, and they did,” ESPN's Adam Schefter said on the Wednesday, December 3 version of “Get Up." No Jefferson trade could take place until next March at the start of the new league year, as the deadline for such moves during this season passed in early November.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/donald-trump-america-national-security-strategy-perspective-11162778
Article: He talked about retaking the Panama Canal, pressuring Denmark to hand over Greenland, annexing Canada as the 51st state, and even renaming the Gulf of Mexico the "Gulf of America"—a spree of fantasies TIME likened to "treating the map like a real-life Monopoly board." Eleven months later, the punchline has become policy. In a 33-page National Security Strategy (NSS) released on December 5, the Trump White House vows to "assert and enforce a ‘Trump Corollary’ to the Monroe Doctrine," promising to keep the Western Hemisphere free of "hostile foreign incursion or ownership of key assets" while treating migration control as a central national-security mission. It opens by attacking post-Cold War elites for chasing "permanent American domination of the entire world," betting on "globalism and so-called 'free trade'" and letting allies offload their defense onto U.S. The document insists the "sole focus" of foreign policy is protecting "core national interests." It lists what Trump says America wants: Survival as an "independent, sovereign republic" that secures the "God-given natural rights" of its citizens; "Full control over our borders" and migration flows; A re-industrialized economy and "world’s most robust industrial base"; "Energy" as a strategic export; A "Golden Dome" of next-generation missile defenses over the homeland. It concludes: "we will assert and enforce a ‘Trump Corollary’ to the Monroe Doctrine." That logic underpins Trump’s wider "Donroe Doctrine" rhetoric and his willingness to threaten military force to seize the Panama Canal and Greenland in the name of national security. The strategy, as summarized by the Financial Times and Axios, portrays Europe as facing "civilizational erasure" from migration and collapsing birthrates, accuses EU institutions of strangling democracy via censorship and bureaucratic overreach, and says current governments are blocking an "expeditious cessation of hostilities" in Ukraine that would restore "strategic stability with Russia." It calls for "cultivating resistance to Europe’s current trajectory within European nations" and praises the rise of nationalist, Eurosceptic parties—a frontal challenge to the EU’s self-image. The remedy is to "rebalance" trade, push supply chains into the Americas and friendly states, and build up deterrence in the Indo-Pacific—while explicitly trying to avoid war and sticking, at least on paper, to the traditional ambiguity over Taiwan. The NSS frames mass migration as a root cause of global disorder, claiming it has "strained domestic resources, increased violence and other crime, weakened social cohesion… and undermined national security," before delivering the line that animates the document’s harshest critics: "The era of mass migration must end." Combined with Trump’s domestic agenda—rooting out "DEI," boosting "traditional families," and using the military against cartels and gangs—this reads less like a foreign-policy pamphlet and more like a plan to harden the entire American state. Michael Waller at the Center for Security Policy hails a Trump Corollary as a "positive, neighborly, productive, mutually uplifting" blueprint for the hemisphere—finally treating threats "from Greenland to Antarctica" as a coherent strategic theater instead of an afterthought. Conservative commentators sympathetic to Trump argue that reviving the Monroe Doctrine is simple realism: keep China and Russia out of America’s backyard, reward cooperative governments, and stop apologizing for U.S. Glenn Beck calls criticism of Trump’s Monroe revival "isolationism" in disguise and insists the real project is to secure "our own energy, our own supply lines, our own hemisphere" rather than "fighting other people’s wars." A Wall Street Journal analysis emphasizes how shifting resources to U.S. Southern Command, striking drug boats and leaning on leaders like Venezuela’s Nicolas Maduro show Washington "aims to dominate the Americas" with a mix of force and economic leverage—something many Trump supporters see as overdue empire-maintenance rather than empire-building. The Nation writes that the Trump team has "unabashedly" embraced a 19th-century idea of Latin America as a subordinate sphere, with Republicans uniting around an "ultra-hawkish" line that treats the region less as a partner than as a problem to police. La Opinión describes a "Monroe Doctrine Redux" reminiscent of early-20th-century gunboat diplomacy, and Al Jazeera argues Trump is using tariffs and troops to "bully Mexico back into America’s back yard." The Financial Times warns that Washington is now openly "cultivating resistance" inside EU states—with language critics say could justify backing far-right parties over elected governments. The next step is a defense posture review that will move ships, troops and money toward the Western Hemisphere and Western Pacific and away from places the strategy treats as distractions—portions of Europe, the Middle East and Africa. Expect more Coast Guard and Navy patrols in Caribbean and Latin American waters; more economic carrots and sticks tied to migration enforcement; and a steady stream of "Donroe Doctrine" messaging to sell voters on a hard-edged hemispheric sphere of influence. Abroad, Europe now has to decide how to deal with an American strategy that explicitly talks about "cultivating resistance" to EU-style governance, questions its demographic future and calls time on NATO expansion while pushing a quick ceasefire with Russia in Ukraine. In Latin America and Canada, Trump’s talk of land grabs and his willingness to park carrier groups off Venezuela and slap tariffs on Mexico will test how far leaders are prepared to go along with U.S.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/va-making-changes-veterans-health-records-11160546
Article: The Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) has been making changes to veterans' health records as part of a move to modernize the system, and more VA facilities will be using the new system in 2026. The Electronic Health Record Modernization program (EHRM) is making all veterans' health records electronic on a different platform, allowing health care providers to more efficiently store and track patient data. Why It Matters While the VA has said the transition will ensure "provision of high-quality, safe, and efficient health care to those who have served in the nation’s military," there have been reports of the system not working all that well. According to a recent Washington Post exclusive, there have allegedly been cases where health providers have lost access to patients' records for two days after software updates, prescriptions have been logged with the wrong dosages and one nurse reportedly said it listed one of her patients as dead. However, VA press secretary Pete Kasperowicz told Newsweek the Washington Post "is cherry-picking years-old reports and events in a desperate attempt to make the Trump Administration look bad." "In reality, mismanagement of VA’s electronic health record modernization effort by the Biden Administration’s political appointees resulted in a flawed program that was nearly dormant for almost two years," he added. What To Know Ultimately, veterans' health records are staying the same, but the application that clinicians and veterans use to access their records is changing, Dean Sittig, a professor and executive director of the Clinical Informatics Research Collaborative at the University of Texas Health Science Center at Houston, told Newsweek. He added that the previous system was originally developed in the early 1990s and "had been heavily customized by many of the VA medical centers around the country," which he said "made it difficult to upgrade and maintain and limited the VA going forward." "As with any computer application, changes must be made on a regular basis as we learn how to make them better," Sittig added. The VA said that before the EHR system, VA providers were unable to access high-quality X-ray images from the Department of Defense, but after the implementation, VA providers can now access them, allowing them to make more informed decisions. Wainwright Memorial VA Medical Center (Walla Walla, Washington) Roseburg VA Health Care System (Roseburg, Oregon) VA Southern Oregon Healthcare System (White City, Oregon) VA Central Ohio Health Care System (Columbus, Ohio) Captain James A. Lovell Federal Health Care Center (North Chicago, Illinois) The positives of the VA transitioning to this system is that the technology will be easier to maintain, Sittig said, and he added that it would enable the VA to "centralize and better manage patient care." "This is one of the cornerstones of delivering the highest quality of care. However, he added that "change is hard for everyone," and said the transition will require VA clinicians to "learn a new system," and for the VA to "adapt" to the system. "Getting used to the new system will come at a cost in terms of efficiency and potentially even patient safety, but in the long run, these changes should be beneficial to all veterans, VA employees, and the government who has to pay for the care and EHR," he said. In regard to the issues with the EHR system raised by the Washington Post, Kasperowicz said the report "ignores" the fact the VA has made many improvements to the EHR since 2020, that clinician and staff satisfaction with the system has increased each year since 2022, that productivity has increased for all EHR sites and that as of September 2025, the system saw a 96.68 percent incident-free rate over the prior 18 months, higher than the 95 percent target rate. What People Are Saying Dean Sittig, a professor and executive director of the Clinical Informatics Research Collaborative at the University of Texas Health Science Center at Houston, told Newsweek: "The old system was near end-of-life. "The new system can work if, and that's a big if, the government can hold it together, Oracle can deliver the product, the VA employees agree to make some changes to their workflow, and the various VA medical centers can agree to give up some of the local control that they have had for the past 40 years." What Happens Next In 2026, four Michigan facilities — Ann Arbor, Battle Creek, Detroit, and Saginaw — will be adopting the system by the middle of the year, and another nine facilities will also be implementing the system. The additional nine facilities include: Cincinnati VAMC-Fort Thomas (Fort Thomas, KY) Chillicothe VAMC (Chillicothe, OH) Cincinnati VAMC (Cincinnati, OH) Dayton VAMC (Dayton, OH) Louis Stokes Cleveland VAMC (Cleveland, OH) Fort Wayne VAMC (Fort Wayne, IN) Marion VAMC (Marion, IN) Richard L.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/wrestling/john-cena-admits-controversial-wwe-decision-was-beyond-my-control-11163010
Article: John Cena has addressed why his final WWE match is not being held in his hometown of Boston, Massachusetts, despite widespread fan expectation that his career would conclude at TD Garden. The company had initially planned a massive "tribute show" dedicated entirely to his career, but Cena pushed back against the idea during a conversation with Triple H, WWE's Chief Content Officer. “I think if we do a tribute show, one of two things are going to happen it’s either going to be too much or too little, which means it’s not going to be good,” Cena said. His ultimate goal for the December 13 event in Washington, D.C., is to ensure that the momentum of the company continues long after he leaves his boots in the ring.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/mcdonalds-grinch-meals-us-vs-uk-compare-worth-hype-11160467
Article: In the U.S., the Grinch Meal gives diners the option of either a Big Mac or 10-piece Chicken McNuggets, along with a medium drink and a portion of Dill Pickle "Grinch Salt" McShaker Fries. The Dill Pickle "Grinch Salt" McShaker Fries are made using the sachet of tangy, dill pickle seasoning which is included in every Grinch meal, When applied via the signature McShaker bag, the seasoning gives the fries a distinct flavor. Liz is based in Arizona, and opted for the Grinch Big Mac Meal with Dill Pickle "Grinch Salt" McShaker Fries, the latter of which she said she was "so excited" to try. Liz noted that the sachet of "Grinch Salt" that came with the meal "seems like a lot" while the aroma "really smells like dill." When it came to the taste test, Liz gave the Grinch fries a thumbs up. This meat-free twist on the Grinch meal includes a vegan McPlant burger, served with the choice of Grinched McShaker Fries, Side Salad or Veg/Fruit Bag, plus a pair of highly-coveted The Grinch socks and a drink. "I might not go for the pickle fries next time but otherwise fantastic." Grinch Socks It’s no surprise for both British and American customers, the highlight of the Grinch meal is the lasting keepsake—the socks. As Liz unboxed her socks, she noted: “The prized possession in this Grinch meal is of course, the socks.” Both reporters had slightly different packaging for their socks, but the biggest difference is Alice got a mis-matched pair of red and yellow, which she said “come intentionally as odd.” But that isn't going to stop her enjoying them, as she said: "I will wear them all Christmas." However over in the U.S., Liz managed to get bag a pair of matching red Grinch socks in her meal. These include a Chocolate Brownie McFlurry and Mischief McFlurry, the latter of which features vanilla ice cream mixed festive Smarties and sugar Christmas trees all topped off with strawberry sauce. A combination of crispy pastry filled with apple, cranberry and custard, it’s a unique Grinch meal twist on the traditional McDonald’s apple pie but one that will be unavailable to U.S. Zesty frozen lemonade swirled with a melon flavoured syrup and a distinctly Grinch-like yellowy green color, the Grinch Frozen Lemonade can also be purchased independent of any meal as either a medium or large drink. The Frozen Grinch Lemonade is £3.19 ($4.25) while the Chocolate Brownie and Mischief McFlurries both cost £2.49 ($3.32.) The Verdict After sampling both offerings across the pond, these Newsweek reporters were satisfied with their meals—but mostly the socks. Alice was pleased with her "Grinchy meal", saying: “For around $12 I’m happy, mostly because I’m obsessed with my socks.” Liz was equally happy with her festive feast, saying: “So all of this, including the socks, was $13.29, and I think it was definitely worth it. Especially because you get a cool pair of festive socks.” And she was a big fan of the Grinch McShaker fries, calling them “amazing.” “I will definitely be going back for more just for the pickle dill fries,” she added.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/ncaa/acc-program-making-major-coaching-change-after-disastrous-2-10-season-11163106
Article: After a disastrous 2-10 season that saw a 10-game losing streak bookended by wins, Boston College athletic director Blake James announced head coach Bill O'Brien would return for the 2026 season. I also realize that Boston College must respond to major changes taking place in intercollegiate athletics, including the House legal settlement, which created a framework through which colleges and universities may directly share revenue with student-athletes,” James said in a statement before announcing the program's financial investment. “I am pleased to announce that Boston College has received a $50 million challenge to match on a 1-1 basis over the next 5-7 years new endowment gifts for athletics scholarships and operational costs (travel, nutrition, and medical care, etc.)." While O'Brien will return, the same can't be said for his entire coaching staff.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/donald-trump-scores-inflation-win-before-interest-rates-call-11163154
Article: Core inflation, a price measure closely watched by the Federal Reserve, came in cooler than expected in September, delayed federal data showed, a win for Republican President Donald Trump, who wants the central bank to cut interest rates more quickly and is under pressure from Democrats over affordability. According to the Bureau of Economic Analysis (BEA), core prices rose 2.8 percent in September from a year earlier, down from 2.9 percent in August, a small dip but against market expectations.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nfl/fox-sports-announces-major-news-on-giants-qb-jameis-winston-11162612
Article: The New York Giants enter their Week 14 bye week with a 2-11 record after Monday Night Football loss to the New England Patriots, which marked the return of rookie quarterback Jaxson Dart following a two-game absence due to a concussion. More news: Cowboys Star CeeDee Lamb Ruled Out With Concerning Injury More news: Vikings Top Candidate to Reunite With 18,000-Yard QB Amid JJ McCarthy Concern "Please make him a weekly guest @NFLonFOX @Jaboowins is truly GOATED and whatever network hires him after he’s done playing will see a massive following come with him," a fan said. Dude has a personality that’s second to none and absolutely is made for TV." "The bidding war for post-playing career Jameis is going to be something," one more fan commented.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/kyle-schwarber-mets-rumor-bad-news-for-phillies-11162836
Article: ESPN insider Buster Olney took it one step further and shared the "juiciest rumor" he has heard ahead of the winter meetings is that the "Mets could push the Phillies" for Schwarber. "The juiciest rumor I heard this week was the notion that the Mets could push the Phillies for Schwarber, and there are a lot of reasons this could make sense," Olney wrote on Friday. And hell, even if the Mets don't believe they can beat the Phillies in the bidding for the slugger, they could push Philadelphia's cost by being involved, as the (Atlanta Braves) did with Aaron Nola two winters ago." If there ever was a team you don't want to get into a bidding war against, it's the high-spending Mets.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/red-sox-predicted-to-swing-huge-trade-for-13m-ace-after-johan-oviedo-deal-11162723
Article: "After a breakout performance immediately following his acquisition from the Rangers at the 2023 trade deadline, he legitimized his ace potential by going 11-9 with a 3.14 ERA, 1.14 WHIP and 223 strikeouts in 186.1 innings, racking up 5.0 WAR and finishing fourth in AL Cy Young voting. "With club control through 2028, he is one of the most valuable trade chips on the market, and the Royals will only move him if it means bringing back a proven big league bat, ideally an outfielder." The Red Sox could benefit from adding another star at the top of their rotation, especially an affordable one like Ragans.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/wrestling/top-aew-star-accepts-his-full-time-career-is-over-11162760
Article: In a candid interview on "Insight with Chris Van Vliet," the AEW lead analyst opened up about the mental and physical realization that his wrestling days are likely behind him for good. “I had these delusions about like, ‘Okay, maybe I could get back and do a little bit of wrestling or whatever it is.’ Now I see that they were delusions,” Danielson said. More news: Nikki Bella Reunites With Ex-Boyfriend At WWE Raw Danielson explained that the reality of his condition set in once he resumed a regular travel schedule for his commentary role. Despite his current condition, Danielson would not commit to saying he is fully retired, noting that he hates the word after being forced to step away from WWE in 2016. However, he admitted to Van Vliet that even if he did return, he would "never be the same performer" in the ring that he used to be, signaling that the era of the "American Dragon" competing at a high level has likely concluded.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/key-california-laws-effect-2026-gavin-newsom-police-mask-ban-11162194
Article: What To Know Here is a breakdown of some of the key laws set to go into effect in California in 2026: Minimum wage increase The minimum wage is set to increase across the state from $16.50 to $16.90 per hour for all employees. Police identification and mask ban From January 1, local and federal law enforcement officers would generally be barred from wearing masks to conceal their identities and must display visible identification when performing enforcement duties. Combating auto scams Consumers who buy or lease a new or used car from a dealer would have the right to return it for a full refund within three days of purchase. Extended window for sexual assault lawsuits A new law, AB 250, creates a two-year window—from January 1, 2026, to December 31, 2027—for adult survivors of sexual assaults to file lawsuits alleging a cover-up. What People Are Saying California Governor Gavin Newsom said in October regarding the legislation on drug costs: "I am pleased to sign SB 41, a bill that will lower health care costs for all Californians. California continues to lead the way in lowering costs, increasing transparency, and ensuring that the savings are passed on to payers and consumers." He wrote in a letter in September regarding the ban on officers wearing masks: "Acting on behalf of an authoritarian President, federal immigration authorities are spreading fear and terror throughout California with indiscriminate raids that have rounded up American citizens, people legally in the United States, working parents, and even children. It is unacceptable that government agents, guns in hand, have seized our neighbors while wearing masks under the pretense of protecting themselves when they are, in fact, hiding from public accountability and sowing fear to intimidate the American people. "For the safety of both the public and law enforcement, Californians must know they are interacting with legitimate law enforcement officers, rather than masked vigilantes." Attorney General Pam Bondi said in November in response to the measure: "Law enforcement officers risk their lives every day to keep Americans safe, and they do not deserve to be doxed or harassed simply for carrying out their duties.

Link: https://abc13.com/post/houston-police-investigating-shots-fired-person-involved-crash-gulf-freeway-department-says/18253862/
Article: Investigation underway after shots fired by person involved in crash along Gulf Freeway, HPD says HOUSTON, Texas (KTRK) -- One person is in custody after police say shots were fired at the scene of a crash along the Gulf Freeway on Friday.

Link: https://abc7.com/post/police-recover-swallowed-faberg-pendant-6-day-wait-reappear/18253846/
Article: Police recover a swallowed Fabergé pendant after a 6-day wait for it to reappear WELLINGTON, New Zealand -- New Zealand Police said Friday they have recovered a James Bond-inspired Fabergé pendant after six days of closely watching the man accused of swallowing the jewelry in an Auckland store. A less glamorous photo supplied by New Zealand's police Friday showed a gloved hand holding the recovered pendant and its long, gold chain with an intact price tag showing the jewelry's 33,000 New Zealand dollar ($19,000) value. "Given this man is in Police custody, we have a duty of care to continue monitoring him given the circumstances of what has occurred," Inspector Grae Anderson said in a statement Wednesday.

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/12/05/g-s1-99912/swing-voter-politics-election
Article: We want to hear how you're feeling about politics toggle caption Jeff Kowalsky/AFP via Getty Images As we approach the end of 2025 and the one-year-mark of President Trump's second term, NPR wants to hear from swing voters about how they're feeling about politics.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/world/putin-and-modi-announce-expansion-of-russia-india-trade-ties
Article: NEW DELHI (AP) — Russian President Vladimir Putin held talks with Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Friday at an annual summit and agreed to diversify mutual economic ties, as the United States presses India to revise its decadesold partnership with Russia. Leaders outline Russia-India expanding ties After the talks, Putin and Modi announced that India and Russia have finalized an economic cooperation program until 2030, which will help diversify mutual businesses to boost annual trade to $100 billion by 2030. He said work is underway on an agreement for India to establish a free trade zone with the Eurasian Economic Union, a Moscow-dominated economic grouping of several ex-Soviet nations, adding that it could help increase trade. READ MORE: Modi’s coalition heads for landslide win in a key state election “Russia is a reliable supplier of energy resources and everything necessary for the development of India’s energy sector,” Putin said. “We are ready to continue ensuring the uninterrupted supply of fuel for the rapidly growing Indian economy.” Before the summit talks, the Russian leader said the two countries “have a very trusting relationship when it comes to military-technical cooperation.” Modi said after the talks that the two countries will work toward early conclusion of a free trade agreement with the Eurasian Economic Union. seeks to push India away from Russia While India has historically maintained deep ties with Russia, critics say Putin’s visit could strain relations with the European Union and the United States and might jeopardize negotiations for major trade agreements with both that are seen as critical for India’s exports. set a target for the first tranche of a trade deal by the fall, but the deal hasn’t come through yet amid strains in relations, mainly because of New Delhi’s unabated imports of Russian crude. Given the timing and geopolitical context, Putin’s India visit “underscores New Delhi’s strategic tightrope walk between the West and the rest, chiefly Russia,” said Praveen Donthi, a senior analyst with the International Crisis Group. Defense and trade expansion on cards Indian officials earlier said that Modi in the meeting with Putin would push for faster delivery of two further Russian S-400 surface-to-air missile systems. In a joint statement following the summit, the two sides said they have agreed to encourage joint manufacturing in India of spare parts and components for maintenance of Russian-origin arms and defense equipment.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/05/hepatitis-b-vaccine-babies-rfk-jr-cdc.html
Article: Raymond Pollak, listen to presentations during an Advisory Committee on Immunization Practices (ACIP) meeting to discuss childhood vaccine schedule changes at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in Atlanta, Georgia, U.S., December 4, 2025. Kennedy Jr.'s hand-picked vaccine committee voted on Friday to do away with the long-standing, universal recommendation that all babies receive a hepatitis B shot at birth, issuing weaker guidance for certain infants. The committee, called the Advisory Committee on Immunization Practices, or ACIP, recommended that parents use individual decision-making, in consultation with a health-care provider, for babies whose mothers test negative for hepatitis B. Cody Meissner, a professor of pediatrics at the Dartmouth Geisel School of Medicine, said he hopes that pediatricians will continue to administer the birth dose within the first 24 hours of delivery and before discharge from the hospital.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/05/trump-nlrb-mspb-appeals-court-humphreys.html
Article: President Donald Trump is reflected on bulletproof glass as he appears on stage during the National Christmas Tree ceremony at the White House in Washington, D.C., U.S., December 4, 2025.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/05/the-clubs-top-10-things-to-watch-in-the-stock-market-friday.html
Article: A senior Trump administration official told CNBC's Eamon Javers this morning that the White House views the Netflix-WBD deal with "heavy skepticism." The New York Times reported that Paramount CEO David Ellison pleaded his case in Washington after his company's multiple bids were rejected. Sign up for my Top 10 Morning Thoughts on the Market email newsletter for free (See here for a full list of the stocks at Jim Cramer's Charitable Trust.) As a subscriber to the CNBC Investing Club with Jim Cramer, you will receive a trade alert before Jim makes a trade.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/5/british-soldiers-accused-of-more-abuses-in-kenya-what-we-know?traffic_source=rss
Article: A Kenyan parliamentary report has accused British troops training in the country of widespread killings, sexual abuse and human rights and environmental abuses, following years of accumulated complaints from local communities. For the past 60 years, British soldiers in the British Army Training Unit in Kenya (BATUK) have routinely trained in the East African nation, favoured for its temperate weather and realistic combat scenarios. Community activists who have for years sought redress in Kenyan courts told Al Jazeera the report’s publication represented an “enormous victory” not just for Kenya, but for other African countries which host foreign military bases on their territory, but are wary of regulating them. “The Kenyan parliament has demonstrated that the British Army is not above the law,” said James Mwangi, founder of the grassroots advocacy group, Africa Centre for Corrective and Preventive Action (ACCPA), which has been at the forefront of bringing community grievances to Kenyan courts, and which advised lawmakers during their investigation. The world has seen that African parliaments can take measures to combat injustices by these forces, and Kenya has become the first country in Africa to do such a thing,” he added. The unit trains British troops and provides anti-terrorism training for Kenyan troops fighting the al-Shabab armed group, as agreed in the UK-Kenya Defence Cooperation Agreement, which, since 2015, allows both armies to share intelligence and training. In 2022, the UK government reported that BATUK had contributed more than 5.8 billion Kenyan shillings ($45m) to the local economies in which its garrisons are based, and that it employed more than 550 local staff. They say mishandling of dangerous training material and unexploded bombs left in the ground have caused serious injuries, and they have complained about how British soldiers behave towards Kenyan women in the area. Additionally, the Kenyan parliament said British troops showed “gross negligence” in the way they handled unexploded ordnance during their training and that their neglect had led to multiple deaths and injuries. At the public hearings which parliament conducted, the mother of a young woman testified in June 2024 that her daughter had been the victim of a hit-and-run incident involving a BATUK truck, which left her wheelchair-bound. Another mother, who attended a hearing holding her five-year-old daughter, narrated how she had been abandoned by a British soldier with whom she had been in a consensual relationship when he discovered she was pregnant. In August 2025, the UK agreed to pay what it called a “generous” settlement to the 7,723 claimants who sued BATUK over the incident with the help of organisations like ACCPA. Wanjiru’s murder case resurfaced in October 2021 after a Sunday Times investigation revealed that a British soldier had murdered her, and that BATUK bosses knew about the involvement of the soldier in her killing, but tried to cover it up. Purkiss served as a medic in the Duke of Lancaster’s Regiment, an Infantry Regiment based in the northwest of England, and was in Kenya for a six-week training exercise at the time of Wanjiru’s death. He appeared in a Westminster court on November 7, where a prosecutor alleged that Purkiss and others had regularly paid local women for sex and that they had been “drinking heavily” the night of Wanjiru’s murder, The Guardian reported. The commission said it had submitted written statements which were not taken into consideration in the report, and added that it was ready to investigate new allegations against BATUK “once evidence is provided”. “While we deeply regret the challenges which have arisen in relation to our defence presence in Kenya, we are disappointed our submission to the Committee was not incorporated into the report’s conclusions,” the statement said. Negotiations should begin with the UK within three months to hold ex-BATUK soldiers who have neglected their children to account, the report said, and compensation and psychosocial support should be provided to victims of sexual offences committed by BATUK soldiers. Injustices committed by BATUK towards local communities, he said, dated back to Kenya’s colonial history with the UK, but officials have historically been wary of interrogating soldiers due to fears that development aid from the UK government could be affected.

Link: https://www.npr.org/sections/shots-health-news/2025/12/05/nx-s1-5634004/cdc-hepatitis-b-vaccine-acip-meeting
Article: CDC advisers vote to overturn decades-long policy on hepatitis B vaccine for infants toggle caption Elijah Nouvelage/Getty Images In a historic vote, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention's vaccine advisers recommended narrowing the agency's hepatitis B immunization guidance for newborns. The result, if approved by the CDC's acting director, will be a rollback of a universal recommendation to start hepatitis B immunization at birth, a standard practice in the U.S. The Advisory Committee on Immunization Practices, or ACIP, voted 8-3 to recommend hepatitis B at birth only for infants born to women who test positive for the virus that attacks the liver. Sponsor Message The changes were made over the strong objections of liaisons from the medical community, who say the decades-long universal birth dose policy has dramatically reduced cases of hepatitis B in U.S. Full immunization of infants involves three shots: usually one given at birth, a second shot one to three months later and a third at six to 15 months of age. Adam Langer, a CDC official in charge of the agency's center that includes hepatitis prevention, said during the panel's discussion that clinical studies of approved hepatitis B vaccines tested a three-shot regimen. Retsef Levi, a voting member and professor at the MIT Sloan School of Management, heralded the move as "a fundamental change in the approach to this vaccine," which would encourage parents to "carefully think about whether they want to take the risk of giving another vaccine to their child." Levi said parents may want to delay the vaccine for years. We know it is safe, and we know it is very effective, and to make the changes that are being proposed, we will see more children and adolescents and adults infected with hepatitis B." Meissner added that he saw clear evidence of the benefits of the universal hepatitis B birth dose, but not the harms. We are doing harm by changing this wording." The previous recommendation to vaccinate all healthy newborns against hepatitis B was designed to make sure no at-risk infant falls through the cracks.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/health/rfk-jr-s-chosen-vaccine-advisers-say-not-all-babies-need-a-hepatitis-b-shot-at-birth
Article: READ MORE: CDC ‘vaccine safety’ webpage changed to contradict scientific conclusion that vaccines don’t cause autism Asked why the newly appointed committee moved quickly to reexamine the recommendation, committee member Vicky Pebsworth on Thursday cited “pressure from stakeholder groups wanting the policy to be revisited.” She did not say who was pressuring the committee, and a spokesman for Kennedy did not respond to a question about it. has undercut vaccine confidence as health secretary The committee members voiced interest in hearing the input from public health and medical professionals, but chose to ignore the experts’ repeated pleas to leave the recommendations alone. Peter Hotez of the Texas Children’s Hospital Center for Vaccine Development in Houston declined to present before the group “because ACIP appears to have shifted its mission away from science and evidence-based medicine,” he said in an email to The Associated Press. The committee “is no longer a legitimate scientific body,” said Elizabeth Jacobs, a member of Defend Public Health, an advocacy group of researchers and others that has opposed Trump administration health policies.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Health/video/cdc-vaccine-panel-votes-remove-universal-hepatitis-birth-128145369
Article: CDC vaccine panel votes to remove universal hepatitis B birth dose recommendation The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention's vaccine advisory committee voted 8-3 on Friday to remove the universal recommendation for the hepatitis B vaccine at birth.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Business/wireStory/us-consumer-sentiment-improved-month-remains-subdued-university-128143894
Article: consumers’ mood improved slightly this month, with worries about inflation easing a bit, but remains gloomy FILE - Black Friday Shoppers wait in line to enter Macy's flagship store on Friday, Nov. Expectations for year-ahead inflation dipped to 4.1% from 4.5% last month to the lowest level since January when Donald Trump returned to the White House and began imposing sweeping taxes — tariffs — on imports from countries around the world. Joanne Hsu, who directs the Michigan economic surveys, said: “The overall tenor of views is broadly somber, as consumers continue to cite the burden of high prices.″ Inflation has fallen from the highs reached in mid-2022 but remains stubbornly above the Federal Reserve's 2% target.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/video/coldest-temperatures-season-hit-midwest-northeast-128145081
Article: Coldest temperatures of the season hit Midwest, Northeast The coldest air of the season is invading the Midwest and Northeast as the Mid-Atlantic sees its first snow of the season, with record low temperatures in multiple cities.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/04/youtuber-district-host-how-i-turned-thrifting-side-hustle-into-full-time-work.html
Article: Though the lamp wasn't fancy or new, her dad was sure he'd made a good investment, and found a cleaned-up version of the same lamp listed at $70 on eBay. Elizabeth, who uses her middle name professionally and asked not to share her last name, now makes her full-time living from her thrifting-centric YouTube channel Crazy Lamp Lady and her online thrifting marketplace NikNax, she says. DON'T MISS: The ultimate guide to starting a business—everything you need to know to be your own boss Elizabeth also sells her own thrift finds on NikNax, and her store is responsible for about 5% of NikNax's total sales, she says. It's technically work, but a lot of it just feels like part of my everyday routine." Here's how she built her YouTube channel side hustle and turned thrifting into her full-time job.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/05/gifts-50-and-under-recommended-by-cnbc-make-it-staff.html
Article: Some of the most appreciated presents are $50-or-less items that genuinely make life easier — a manicure set that's more convenient than going to a salon, a weekly meal planner that actually gets used or a pair of stylish sunglasses that don't break the bank. If you're looking for gifts that fit that description — perhaps as a stocking stuffer or for a Secret Santa exchange at work — here are 11 inexpensive-yet-practical picks recommended by CNBC staffers. Kitchen scale Price: $25 As someone whose job involves sitting down and staring at a screen approximately 90% of the time, futzing around the kitchen and doing something with my hands besides typing and clicking feels like an epiphany. I can now measure the exact number of grams of flour, sugar and anything else going into the bowl rather than hope that what I scooped, leveled or packed is close enough. On-the-go neck fan Price: $32 Hot summers in New York City are bad enough, but it's somehow worse on the subway platforms, where poor air circulation and a lack of air conditioning routinely push temperatures past 100 degrees. Dry shampoo Price: $48 I balked at the price of the K-18 AirWash Dry Shampoo when I first saw it — $48 is a lot of money to spend on a hair product like that.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/nation-world/what-is-hepatitis-b-why-infants-are-vaccinated/507-b642f0dc-ba9d-492d-9ded-323978fb480a
Article: The guidance was modified a little over the years and currently suggests a dose within 24 hours of birth for all medically stable infants who weigh at least 4.4 pounds, plus follow-up shots to be given at about 1 month and 6 months. Kennedy, a leading anti-vaccine activist before he became the nation’s top health official, fired the entire 17-member panel earlier this year and replaced it with a group that includes several anti-vaccine voices. Bill Cassidy of Louisiana, a liver doctor who’s been outspoken in support of the birth dose of the hepatitis B vaccine, took to X to post the agenda of the committee, known as the Advisory Committee on Immunization Practices.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/nation-world/fifa-peace-prize-trump-world-cup-draw/507-6e1dcf9d-8379-49f6-aae1-4a5d66c6ea42
Article: FIFA announced the creation of the peace prize last month, saying it will "recognize exceptional actions for peace." WASHINGTON — The 2026 World Cup draw is setting the stage for next year's soccer tournament across North America and will feature FIFA President Gianni Infantino presenting a new award. Trump is set to play a starring role in the drawing, having worked closely with FIFA President Gianni Infantino to move the draw to the Kennedy Center after it was speculated to take place in Las Vegas. "In an increasingly unsettled and divided world, it’s fundamental to recognise the outstanding contribution of those who work hard to end conflicts and bring people together in a spirit of peace,” Infantino said in a news release. “Football stands for peace, and on behalf of the entire global football community, the FIFA Peace Prize – Football Unites the World will recognise the enormous efforts of those individuals who unite people, bringing hope for future generations.” Last month, Infantino called Trump "a close friend" who has "such an incredible energy." FIFA recently added another link to Trump by appointing his daughter Ivanka to the board of a $100 million education project part-funded by 2026 World Cup ticket sales.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/nation-world/who-will-team-usa-face-2026-world-cup-draw/507-7f60af8d-6de0-4a1b-809d-8e7df6aa5d6f
Article: Example video title will go here for this video Next up in 5 Example video title will go here for this video Next up in 5 To stream WFAA on your phone, you need the WFAA app. The USMNT's group-stage schedule keeps all three matches on the West Coast: Match 1: June 12, 2026, at SoFi Stadium in Inglewood, California Match 2: June 19, 2026, at Lumen Field in Seattle Match 3: June 25, 2026, at SoFi Stadium in Inglewood, California Specific kickoff times and opponent matchups for each date will be released Saturday by FIFA. Group stage: June 11-27 Round of 32: June 28-July 3 Round of 16: July 4-7 Quarterfinals: July 9-11 Semifinals: July 14-15 Third-place match: July 18 Final: July 19 at MetLife Stadium in East Rutherford, New Jersey How does the World Cup draw work? The team's stated goal is to advance to the quarterfinals, which it has achieved only once in the modern era — in 2002, when it defeated Mexico before losing to Germany. Suriname (March 26), winner faces Iraq (March 31) UEFA playoffs (four spots): 16 European nations compete in single-elimination semifinals (March 26) and finals (March 31) Notable teams include Italy, Denmark, Poland, Turkey, Ukraine and Wales

Link: https://abc7ny.com/post/world-cup-draw-team-usa-supersized-2026-field-begins-taking-shape-fridays/18253890/
Article: Cape Verde, Curaao, Jordan and Uzbekistan will appear in soccer's premier event for the first time when next year's tournament is played from June 11 to July 19 at 16 sites in the United States, Mexico and Canada. "I'm quite optimistic because to qualify you need to beat the other teams of your confederations, and that's a sign of quality," former Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger said Thursday as red carpets were installed at the Kennedy Center. Games will be played at 11 NFL stadiums along with three in Mexico and two in Canada, where construction is underway to add 17,000 temporary seats to BMO Field, raising capacity to around 45,000. "We basically set the new tone in terms of attendance, in terms of surrounding the tournament with a lot of entertainment and glamor," said Alan Rothenberg, head organizer of the 1994 World Cup in the U.S. "We did a lot of things that kind of broke the ice with respect to how you present the tournament as something other than just a soccer tournament." FIFA announced initial ticket prices of $60-$6,730, saying they would be dynamic, up from $25-$475 for the 1994 tournament in the United States. In a new twist, FIFA said the top four teams in the rankings - Spain, Argentina, France and England - will avoid each other until the semifinals if they finish first in their first-round groups. A team's group play sites will be restricted to an Eastern, Central and Western regional The 1994 World Cup draw in Las Vegas was apolitical, featuring performances by Stevie Wonder, Barry Manilow, James Brown and Vanessa Williams plus comedian Robin Williams, who called the draw screen "the world's largest keno board," yelled "Bingo!" when Greece was selected. Retired stars Tom Brady of the NFL, Shaquille O'Neal of the NBA and Wayne Gretzky of the NHL along with three-time AL MVP Aaron Judge will assist in a ceremony to be run by former England captain Rio Ferdinand.

Link: https://abc7.com/post/us-vaccine-advisers-say-not-babies-need-hepatitis-shot-birth/18254012/
Article: US vaccine advisers say not all babies need a hepatitis B shot at birth A federal vaccine advisory committee voted on Friday to end the longstanding recommendation that all U.S. Asked why the newly-appointed committee moved quickly to reexamine the recommendation, committee member Vicky Pebsworth on Thursday cited "pressure from stakeholder groups wanting the policy to be revisited." She did not say who was pressuring the committee, and a spokesman for Kennedy did not respond to a question about it. Peter Hotez of the Texas Children's Hospital Center for Vaccine Development in Houston declined to present before the group "because ACIP appears to have shifted its mission away from science and evidence-based medicine," he said in an email to The Associated Press. The committee "is no longer a legitimate scientific body," said Elizabeth Jacobs, a member of Defend Public Health, an advocacy group of researchers and others that has opposed Trump administration health policies.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cn41lqjlw3wo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Catherine's Christmas carol concert honours charity helpers 41 minutes ago Share Save Sean Coughlan Royal correspondent, Westminster Abbey Share Save Reuters Catherine arrives at Westminster Abbey ahead of the carol service The Princess of Wales is hosting her annual Christmas carol concert at Westminster Abbey, with guests including royals, celebrities and local heroes who have helped their communities. Among the guests will be Anna and Jonathan Cordiner, whose daughter died of a brain tumour, and who set up a charity, Kayleigh's Wee Stars, to support families who have a child with a terminal illness. Getty Images Actors Joe Locke, Chiwetel Ejiofor and Kate Winslet arrive at Westminster Abbey Carys Wood, aged 18, who plays the trumpet and is from Pembrokeshire, has been assisted by the charity, with grants helping towards musical instruments, lessons and travel costs - and she said it was "awesome" to be playing at tonight's service. When Carys found out about how the duchess had supported music, she said: "I was amazed by what she'd done and that she'd worked as a teacher." FUTURE TALENT Carys Wood wants more help for young people to learn music

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c39pzzlym4mo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Mum's eight-year justice battle to see rapist jailed 2 hours ago Share Save Michael Buchanan at Worcester Crown Court Share Save West Mercia Police Allan Peyton has been jailed for five years after being convicted of rape and assault by penetration A woman who waited more than eight years for her rapist to be jailed has said the criminal justice system left her "unheard and ignored". The victim, who cannot be named for legal reasons, made an allegation of rape in 2017 and her attacker was sentenced today after years of delays and errors by police, prosecutors and the court service. But a series of extraordinary delays, including a poor police investigation, the Crown Prosecution Service initially choosing not to charge him due to lack of evidence, then reviewing the case and changing their minds, then a lack of courts and staff to hear the case meant that Peyton was not finally convicted until July. The CPS says it has launched a new strategy for violence against women and girls Since the summer, there were three previous efforts to sentence him – all of which were postponed. In a statement, the CPS said: "We recognise the profound impact delays can have on victims and this is why we are taking action by working closely with police colleagues to help build the strongest case from the outset. "Whilst in recent years this has led to a reduction in the time taken between the CPS receiving a file and making a charging decision, we know there is still more to do and that is why last week we launched our new strategy for Violence Against Women and Girls." Ch Supt Edd Williams of West Mercia Police added: "We expect a high standard for investigations and support to survivors and if someone feels we have fallen below this we encourage them to talk to us through our complaints process so we can learn and improve.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/world/a-supersized-world-cup-field-begins-taking-shape-at-fridays-draw
Article: “I’m quite optimistic because to qualify you need to beat the other teams of your confederations, and that’s a sign of quality,” former Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger said Thursday as red carpets were installed at the Kennedy Center. “The teams are not there by coincidence.” Cape Verde, Curaçao, Jordan and Uzbekistan will appear in soccer’s premier event for the first time when next year’s tournament is played from June 11 to July 19 at 16 sites in the United States, Mexico and Canada. to prioritize visa applications by investors and fans visiting for World Cup, Olympics Led by captain Lionel Messi, who turns 39 during the tournament, Argentina seeks to become the first nation to win consecutive World Cups since Brazil in 1958 and 1962. Games will be played at 11 NFL stadiums along with three in Mexico and two in Canada, where construction is underway to add 17,000 temporary seats to BMO Field, raising capacity to around 45,000. “We basically set the new tone in terms of attendance, in terms of surrounding the tournament with a lot of entertainment and glamor,” said Alan Rothenberg, head organizer of the 1994 World Cup in the U.S. “We did a lot of things that kind of broke the ice with respect to how you present the tournament as something other than just a soccer tournament.” FIFA announced initial ticket prices of $60-$6,730, saying they would be dynamic, up from $25-$475 for the 1994 tournament in the United States. WATCH: Trump’s World Cup task force announces new visa interview system for ticketholders FIFA spokesman Bryan Swanson did not respond to a request for FIFA President Gianni Infantino to discuss ticket prices. In a new twist, FIFA said the top four teams in the rankings — Spain, Argentina, France and England — will avoid each other until the semifinals if they finish first in their first-round groups. A team’s group play sites will be restricted to an Eastern, Central and Western regional The 1994 World Cup draw in Las Vegas was apolitical, featuring performances by Stevie Wonder, Barry Manilow, James Brown and Vanessa Williams plus comedian Robin Williams, who called the draw screen “the world’s largest keno board,” yelled “Bingo!” when Greece was selected. Retired stars Tom Brady of the NFL, Shaquille O’Neal of the NBA and Wayne Gretzky of the NHL along with three-time AL MVP Aaron Judge will assist in a ceremony to be run by former England captain Rio Ferdinand.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Sports/video/2026-world-cup-draw-kennedy-center-explained-128146185
Article: 2026 World Cup draw at the Kennedy Center, explained The draw for the 2026 World Cup will take place at the Kennedy Center on Friday, determining matchups for next summer's tournament.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/icc-prosecutor-putin-warrant-wont-disappear-ukraine-peace-128146049
Article: The deputy prosecutor of the International Criminal Court says that the investigation into the invasion of Ukraine cannot be halted by peace talks but could be deferred by the U.N. Security Council ICC prosecutor says Putin warrant won’t disappear even if Ukraine peace talks are successful THE HAGUE, Netherlands -- The deputy prosecutor of the International Criminal Court said Friday that the court's investigation into the invasion of Ukraine cannot be halted by peace talks but could be deferred by the U.N. The Security Council can “ask the court to defer a case where it feels that there is room for a peace agreement,” Khan said, adding that would only be a “temporary stop.” The court has issued arrest warrants for Russian President Vladimir Putin and five others over their alleged involvement in war crimes in Ukraine.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/05/stocks-making-the-biggest-moves-midday-psky-rbrk-nflx-psn-alb-and-more-.html
Article: Albemarle — Shares of the lithium producer popped 8% after UBS upgraded the stock to buy , saying lithium prices should rise through the year and help drive shares higher. The firm also predicts that sales at stores open at least 14 months and online will rise between 4.4% and 4.7%, up from its previous estimate of between 2.5% and 3.5%. Wedbush said the stock was dropping as investors may consider DocuSign's guidance as "conservative." Victoria's Secret & Co — The lingerie and apparel company reported a narrower-than-expected quarterly loss and a 9% increase in net sales, prompting the stock to pop more than 11%. The company also raised its full-year outlook, saying it's "well positioned for a successful holiday season." SentinelOne — Cybersecurity provider SentinelOne saw its shares fall about 12% after saying its fourth-quarter revenue would be $271 million, below analysts' expectations of $273 million, LSEG data shows.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/05/buy-the-dip-in-this-ai-neocloud-says-freedom-capitals-paul-meeks.html
Article: Meeks, head of technology research at Freedom Capital Markets and a tech analyst or portfolio manager since 1992, began research coverage of CoreWeave, a specialized cloud provider, with a buy rating and $100 price target, suggesting the stock could gain almost 17% from its Thursday close. "Ours is not a call that the AI Bubble will not pop because of course it will, and even before then this and related stocks may need to be sold, but, in the meantime, over the next two years, we see CRWV first bouncing back to $100 (+18%) and then retesting its recent (October 10, 2025) $153 peak, as investors regain confidence in the company to deliver its backlog, and with less overall concern that the 'end is nigh' for AI infrastructure building," Meeks wrote in a Thursday note to clients. "Conspiracy theories have spread among investors since then, and the overall industry narrative has clearly shifted to fear the AI Bubble will soon burst and CRWV will be a victim as the largest 'neocloud,'" Meeks said. "These behemoths have the financial wherewithal to continue spending, and, perhaps more importantly, each of them views early and aggressive AI infrastructure building as a key competitive advantage." If backlogs were to fall, Meeks said that CoreWeave's backstop from Nvidia could absorb "any extra capacity for seven years." CoreWeave buys Nvidia's graphics processing units and rents them out to customers. Wall Street unfairly values Nebius at 7.3 times 2026 revenue, while CoreWeave sells for just 2.8 times Meeks own sales number, said the Northwestern MBA who once managed more than $7 billion in six technology mutual funds for Merrill Lynch Investment Managers.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/05/sp-500-tries-to-hang-onto-gains-ahead-of-big-events-next-week-that-could-move-3-stocks.html
Article: Given recent strength in orders and demand expectations for gas turbine and electrification products and services, many analysts expect management to raise its guidance for 2025 – and maybe even for next year. See here for a full list of the stocks.) As a subscriber to the CNBC Investing Club with Jim Cramer, you will receive a trade alert before Jim makes a trade.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/community/santas-helpers/287-350478853
Article: Example video title will go here for this video Next up in 5 Example video title will go here for this video Next up in 5 To stream WFAA on your phone, you need the WFAA app. Special thanks to this year's Santa's Helpers drive-thru hosts: City of Celina The Epic Kimco Realty City of McKinney Clay Cooley Ford Are you a business or organization looking to support Santa's Helpers in 2025? This year's official Santa's Helpers sponsors are: WFAA would like to thank these supporters of our 2025 Santa's Helpers toy drive: Communities Foundation of Texas Proterra Properties Hargrove Roofing Larry Sauls and Friends Trey Harris Bailey & Galyen Zamora Group Texas Tiny Teeth Caterpillar Total Care Zip's Car Wash Plaza Garland A#1 Air Black Tie Moving Jeni's Ice Cream Dallas Foundation FedEx Vocal Majority Cock and Bull Dallas Bishop Lynch High School Jackson Walker LLP Carsandpickups.com University of North Texas Martin House Brewing Company Encore Wire Grand Prairie ISD Waxed Sports Cards DFW Jeep Girls Dickey's Barbecue City of Celina Celina ISD Preston Trails Rotary CE-DFW Chi Omega Harkinson Dewan

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/videos/cx25031x23ro?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Young people have taken to the streets of Berlin to protest against the German parliament's decision to introduce voluntary military service to boost national defences after Russia's full-scale invasion of Ukraine.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c0l94kz44ggo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Irish police investigating drone activity during Zelensky visit 1 hour ago Share Save Jessica Lawrence BBC News NI Share Save PA Media/Liam McBurney Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky, alongside his wife Olena Zelenska, arrived in Dublin on Monday An Garda Síochána (Irish police force) has launched an investigation after drones were detected in Irish skies on the night the Ukrainian president arrived in Ireland. On Monday, crew on board the Irish naval vessel LÉ William Butler Yeats spotted several unidentified drones flying near Howth, over the Irish Sea, around the same time Zelensky arrived in Dublin Airport, Irish broadcaster RTÉ has reported.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/football/articles/c79ve0qzy9go?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: With a population of around 600,000, Cape Verde - an archipelago off Africa's west coast - became the second smallest country to reach a World Cup finals, after Iceland in 2018, when they qualified in October, but it was a record that was swiftly taken from them by Curacao. They played their first World Cup qualifiers in 1990 and their progress towards eventually qualifying for the global tournament was aided by their search for players who had links to Cape Verde from around the world.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/football/articles/cq5q3jdn6w4o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Mejbri, 22, admitted to the misconduct charge from the Football Association and will not be able to return until his club's Premier League home match against Newcastle United on 30 December. In announcing Mejbri's sanction, an FA statement said: "It was alleged that the player acted in breach of the laws of the game and/or in an improper manner and/or used abusive and/or indecent behaviour by spitting at or in the direction of Leeds United supporters around the 67th minute.

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/12/05/g-s1-100893/trump-national-security-strategy-foreign-policy
Article: power in the Americas toggle caption Julia Demaree Nikhinson/AP WASHINGTON — President Donald Trump's administration has set forth a new national security strategy that paints European allies as weak and aims to reassert America's dominance in the Western Hemisphere. allies in Europe for its scathing critiques of their migration and free speech policies, suggesting they face the "prospect of civilizational erasure" and raising doubts about their long-term reliability as American partners. At the same time the administration is sharply critical of its democratic allies in Europe and carrying out a pressure campaign of boat strikes in South America, it chides past U.S. It is a stark break from the course set by President Joe Biden's Democratic administration, which sought to reinvigorate alliances after many were rattled in Trump's first term and to check a more assertive Russia. Jason Crow of Colorado, who sits on House committees overseeing intelligence and the armed forces, called the strategy "catastrophic to America's standing in the world and a retreat from our alliances and partnerships." "The world will be a more dangerous place and Americans will be less safe if this plan moves forward," Crow said. Criticism of Europe The United States is seeking to broker an end to Russia's nearly 4-year-old war in Ukraine, a goal that the national security strategy says is in America's vital interests. interest to "reestablish strategic stability with Russia." The document also accuses America's longstanding European allies, which have found themselves sometimes at odds with Trump's shifting approaches to the Russia-Ukraine war, of facing not just domestic economic challenges but, according to the U.S., an existential crisis. suggests that Europe is being enfeebled by its immigration policies, declining birthrates, "censorship of free speech and suppression of political opposition" and a "loss of national identities and self-confidence." Sponsor Message "Should present trends continue, the continent will be unrecognizable in 20 years or less. "America encourages its political allies in Europe to promote this revival of spirit, and the growing influence of patriotic European parties indeed gives cause for great optimism," the strategy said. strategy as "a foreign policy reality check for Europe and particularly for Germany." Setting sights on power in the Americas Despite Trump's "America First" maxim, his administration has carried out a series of military strikes on alleged drug trafficking boats in the Caribbean Sea and the eastern Pacific Ocean while weighing possible military action in Venezuela to pressure President Nicolás Maduro. The moves are part of what the national security strategy lays out as "a 'Trump Corollary' to the Monroe Doctrine" to "restore American preeminence in the Western Hemisphere." The 1823 Monroe Doctrine, formulated by President James Monroe, was originally aimed at opposing any European meddling in the Western Hemisphere and was used to justify U.S. Sponsor Message That means, for instance, "targeted deployments to secure the border and defeat cartels, including where necessary the use of lethal force to replace the failed law enforcement-only strategy of the last several decades," it says. The U.S., according to the strategy, should abandon "America's misguided experiment with hectoring" nations in the Middle East, especially monarchies in the Gulf, about their traditions and forms of government. Trump has bolstered ties with nations there and sees Middle Eastern countries as ripe for economic opportunities, and the Arab nations are "emerging as a place of partnership, friendship, and investment," the document says.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Health/cdc-vaccine-advisory-committee-votes-remove-universal-recommendation/story?id=128106987
Article: CDC vaccine advisory committee votes to remove universal recommendation for hepatitis B shot at birth Alyssa Pointer for The Washington Post via Getty Images Alyssa Pointer for The Washington Post via Getty Images The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention's vaccine advisory committee voted 8-3 on Friday to remove the universal recommendation for the hepatitis B vaccine at birth. The recommendations state that if a mother tests negative for hepatitis B, parents should decide, with the guidance of their health care provider, whether the shot is right for their newborn -- referred to as "individual-based decision-making," according to a document with the ACIP voting language. Alyssa Pointer for The Washington Post via Getty Images The language document also included a footnote that parents and health care providers should consider whether the newborn faces risks, such as a hepatitis B-positive household member or frequent contact with people who have emigrated from areas where hepatitis B is common. In a second vote, the ACIP voted 6-4, with one abstention, that parents of older children should talk to their doctor about hepatitis B antibody testing before considering subsequent hepatitis B vaccination.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/05/netflix-warner-bros-deal-theater-industry-upheaval.html
Article: Discovery announced a deal for the streaming giant to acquire WBD's film studio and streaming service, bringing an end to a months-long bidding process that saw Paramount Skydance and Comcast also vying for the assets. "The negative impact of this acquisition will impact theatres from the biggest circuits to one-screen independents in small towns in the United States and around the world." A half dozen movie theater operators who spoke to CNBC shared concerns that Netflix's acquisition of WBD would lead to a significant decline in the number of films made available to cinemas annually and, therefore, hit annual box office ticket sales. "So, we've already been talking to people at the federal level, at the state level and internationally because this is a significant, significant threat, we believe, to the long-term viability of the theatrical exhibition." And Cinema United isn't the only group worried about the future of the industry if the Netflix deal is approved. The letter, reported by Variety, stated that Netflix would "effectively hold a noose around the theatrical marketplace" and could alter the footprint of theatrical movies and decrease licensing fees paid in post-theatrical windows.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/05/tokenized-stocks-offer-new-opportunities-for-investors-but-carry-unique-risks.html
Article: I can receive any dividends … [but] if I have a token in a private company, it's not clear what legal rights I have." In addition, private companies that are accessible to retail investors through tokenized shares have more opaque financials than their publicly traded peers because they are not subject to the same reporting requirements.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/05/indias-largest-airline-melts-down-after-new-crew-rest-rules.html
Article: Passengers seen in heavy rush and chaos at the IndiGo counter at Indira Gandhi International Airport Terminal 1 after a technical glitch at IndiGo caused delays and cancellations of multiple flights on Dec. Air travel across India was in turmoil for a fourth day on Friday after IndiGo cancelled more than 1,000 flights, including all departures from New Delhi, prompting the government to announce special relief measures for the country's largest airline. have shaken (customers') belief in IndiGo's reliability." Elbers added that it would take some time to return to a "full, normal situation", and that it was anticipated this could be between December 10-15. The head of India's aviation regulator appealed to pilots for cooperation during the crisis, stressing that the body was committed to implementing the pilot rest and duty rules in 'letter and spirit.' IndiGo had earlier told Indian officials that it did not expect to fully restore operations until February 10, though on Friday it said there should be "progressive improvement" from Saturday.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/05/congress-weighs-social-security-changes.html
Article: Richard Stephen | Istock | Getty Images Even before they start receiving Social Security checks, millions of Americans rely on the Social Security Administration for information on when to claim retirement benefits and for help if their Social Security number has been compromised. This week, the House of Representatives passed several bills aimed at improving the agency's services, not only for prospective retirees, but also for identity theft victims — and children whose cards are lost or stolen. By claiming what is now called full retirement age — typically age 66 to 67 based on birth year — beneficiaries stand to receive 100% of the benefits they've earned. — would change the way retirement ages are described, with the goal of better reflecting those tradeoffs: Age 62, currently called the "early eligibility age," would instead be called the "minimum monthly benefit age." The full retirement age would instead be called "standard monthly benefit age." Age 70 would be referred to as the "maximum monthly benefit age." "People are making an irrevocable decision that will affect their benefits for the rest of their lives, and they may not have all the information they need to to make that decision in the most considered way possible," said Shai Akabas, vice president of economic policy at the Bipartisan Policy Center, a Washington, D.C., think tank that has advocated for the bill. watch now Enhanced service for identity theft victims When a Social Security number is compromised or a card is lost or stolen, individuals affected must interact with multiple people at the Social Security Administration to resolve the situation. David Kustoff, R-Tenn., the Improving Social Security's Service to Victims of Identity Theft Act, would require the agency to provide a single point of contact to better help consumers resolve the situation in a timely manner. Replacement Social Security numbers for children A third bill, called the Social Security Child Protection Act, would require the Social Security Administration to issue a new Social Security number to children under 14 if their Social Security card was lost or stolen in the mail. "Every child receives a Social Security number that follows them around for the rest of their life, and every year there are kids whose Social Security numbers are lost or stolen in the mail and exposed to fraudsters," Rep. A 2022 Javelin Strategy and Research study found 915,000 children had been victims of identity fraud that year, prompting average costs of $1,128 for a single household and requiring an average of 16 hours to resolve.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/video/newsfeed/2025/12/5/crowds-gather-in-hama-syria-to-celebrate-one-year-of-liberation?traffic_source=rss
Article: Crowds gather in Hama, Syria, to celebrate one year of liberation NewsFeed Crowds gather in Hama, Syria, to celebrate one year of liberation Tens of thousands of people gathered in the Syrian city of Hama to mark one year since forces loyal to Bashar al-Assad were expelled.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/video/newsfeed/2025/12/5/israel-awaits-return-of-final-captive-from-gaza-amid-fragile-peace-deal?traffic_source=rss
Article: NewsFeed Israel awaits return of final captive from Gaza amid fragile peace deal Israeli police officer Ran Gvili is now the last remaining captive in Gaza after Hamas returned the body of Thai agriculture worker Sudthisak Rinthalak.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/5/sudans-khartoum-needs-urgent-help-due-to-severe-food-shortages-report?traffic_source=rss
Article: “The need for humanitarian assistance in Khartoum is urgent,” said Dirk Hanekom, Norwegian Church Aid’s country director in Sudan, warning that if conditions are this severe in the capital, remote areas in conflict zones likely face an even graver situation. United States President Donald Trump has said his administration would lead efforts to end the conflict, with Secretary of State Marco Rubio calling Trump the “only leader in the world capable of resolving the Sudan crisis”. Peace negotiations have stalled, however, as the RSF has continued attacks across the country despite announcing a unilateral ceasefire, while the army has called on the paramilitary group to retreat from territories it has captured.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/nw-ai/4-quiet-ways-ai-is-transforming-the-saas-industry-11159312
Article: While the sector is saturated with AI-branded features and long-term promises of intelligent applications, the most meaningful changes today are unfolding behind the scenes, deep in the architecture, engineering pipelines and modernization projects that support the global SaaS economy. Ranjit Tinaikar, CEO of Ness Digital Engineering, said the industry is entering a period where “there will be a phase lag between the talk today and the reality that will happen.” He added that leaders often underestimate the cost dynamics behind that lag. Recent surveys from firms such as Morgan Stanley show only modest increases in total tech and software budgets even as generative AI rises to the top of CIO priority lists, a sign that enterprises may be juggling AI initiatives alongside other spending, rather than dramatically expanding overall software investment. Modernizing Legacy Code Is the Biggest Near-Term Opportunity One of the most immediate and overlooked transformations is a growing wave of legacy modernization, a shift accelerated by AI’s ability to assist with code translation, refactoring and large-scale architecture redesign. Tinaikar described it bluntly: “They have written huge mainframe applications… written in COBOL, Fortran… Now the people who wrote that are retiring.” AI gives CIOs a path to modernize with reduced cost and lower operational risk, provided they keep a human in the loop. Silicon Valley Bank’s 2025 State of Enterprise Software report, for example, notes that AI and machine learning are now central to enterprise software deals, with roughly one in six transactions involving AI-related capabilities, evidence that modernization and AI are increasingly linked in buying decisions. In the webinar, Tinaikar noted that “AI is extremely consumption-hungry,” pointing to an often-cited truism in the industry: most of the money in the AI boom is flowing not to software vendors, but to the infrastructure providers: semiconductor companies and cloud platforms. Analysts at firms such as Gartner and IDC expect AI-related infrastructure and public-cloud spending to grow much faster than many traditional software categories, a trend already visible in Gartner’s finding that the IaaS market grew 22.5 percent last year, driven in part by rising demand for AI and machine-learning workloads. 1 webinar “How Is AI Reshaping Business Strategy?” with Gopi Kallayil and Suraj Srinivasan highlighted, consumer adoption often moves faster than enterprise readiness, forcing companies to find ways to deliver AI experiences that feel instantaneous without incurring unsustainable operating costs.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/mlb/yankees-predicted-to-sign-kyle-tucker-to-10-year-427-million-deal-11164220
Article: "Kyle Tucker to the New York Yankees for 10 years, $427 million: As long as Tucker is willing to play left field, I think he’d be the perfect fit at Yankee Stadium for the next decade," Bowden wrote for The Athletic. That contract may seem like a lot of money, but think about it this way — it’s a savings of $338 million over what Juan Soto was paid last offseason." Despite being a right fielder for his entire career so far, there shouldn't be any reason why Tucker rejects the idea of playing in left field. Yes, Tucker will be two years older when he signs his big deal, but both of them are players that will provide a major impact on the franchise now and into the future.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nfl/commanders-jayden-daniels-shockingly-cleared-to-play-weeks-after-brutal-injury-11164618
Article: It was a mere two games ago that Jayden Daniels suffered a gruesome injury and was taken off the field in a cast during the Washington Commanders' loss to the Seattle Seahawks.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/female-influencer-missing-for-10-days-found-alive-in-attic-room-11163541
Article: Nardò Mayor Pippi Mellone confirmed on Facebook that Tramacere had been found in good health, writing in Italian, "I don't know how to explain the joy I'm feeling right now." ... That's why the concern is growing." On Thursday, law enforcement officials found her in an attic room of the home belonging to Dragos-Ioan Gheormescu, a 30-year-old man of Romanian origin, and the last person to see her on the day she disappeared, according to the outlet. We are happy!" The mayor thanked "everyone who never gave up" and said he is thinking of her family and all who have experienced "days of anguish." Gheormescu was placed under investigation by prosecutors in connection with Tramacere's disappearance and he could face charges if investigators determine that the woman was held against her will, according to Wanted in Rome. What People Are Saying Nardò Mayor Pippi Mellone, on Facebook: "Now it’s important to respect Tatiana and her loved ones, ensure peace of mind and let the competent authorities clarify every aspect." Tatiana Tramacere’s father, in comments to state broadcaster RAI: "It was a Christmas gift, we found her safe and sound." What Happens Next Authorities have not yet announced whether Tramacere’s disappearance will lead to criminal charges.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/trump-account-vs-529-which-better-college-savings-11163616
Article: The money may only be invested in a qualified mutual fund or exchange-traded funds which track either the S&P 500 or another basket of American equities, according to the IRS website. Meanwhile, 529 plans, also known as “Qualified Tuition Program” accounts, are more explicitly education-focused, tax-advantaged plans intended to make it easier for parents to save for college, post-secondary education or tuition for their children. Financial adviser Winnie Sun told Newsweek that the Trump Accounts were “not necessarily better for everyone,” but said these may prove “an appealing new option for some families, especially with newborns.” “If you have a 2025 newborn baby at home or you’re expecting a child born between 2025 and 2028, then Trump account is probably a no-brainer,” she said. Because the proposed legislation includes a $1,000 government contribution for children born during this time frame.” However, Sun, founder of Sun Group Wealth Partners financial consulting firm, noted that 529s offered tax-free growth when used for education expenses like tuition or board, and that many states offer tax incentives for contributing to these plans, such as Arizona, Ohio and Pennsylvania. “If a family has to choose between the two accounts and their child is not in the 2025–2028 window, it may be more practical to focus on the 529 first,” Sun told Newsweek. “You can also contribute significantly more to a 529 than the proposed $5,000 cap on Trump accounts.” The Tax Foundation was likewise skeptical that Trump Accounts came with any meaningful advantages, describing these in a recent blog as “structured similarly to Roth IRAs but with additional restrictions, including inability to access funds until age 18.” “For parents looking to set up an account for their children’s education, a 529 account offers more flexibility and tax benefits,” it wrote in a July analysis. “As such, Trump Accounts do not offer much of an additional incentive to save.” However, it acknowledged the appeal of the $1,000 “pilot program contribution” from the federal government, describing this as the “main benefit” over other plans. Morgan Asset Management, wrote in an article for the company's website that unlike 529s, Trump Accounts were “taxed when withdrawn—leaving families with less for loved ones.” However, she added that for families of newborns—born within the four-year window to qualify for the government contribution—the best option in terms of education savings may be a combination. “For families with education goals, the best approach may be to invest in a more advantageous 529 plan while using the seed money from a Trump account for establishing an early start to saving for other future needs including the purchase of a home or retirement,” Scarlata wrote. Sun, similarly, said that parents could “fully fund a 529 plan for education-related expenses, and also open a Trump account to capture the government contribution,” and in doing so “create additional long-term savings potential.” A Seattle-based tax lawyer who spoke to the BBC said he would prefer the 529 if restricted to one option, but that there was nothing precluding the use of the Trump Account for an extra financial boost. "As far as whether I would contribute my own dollars, that's a hard one and I can't see any advantages right now." “If you're a high-net-worth family looking to maximize tax-deferred savings for your children, combining both accounts can be a smart strategy,” Sun told Newsweek, but added that for families who had to choose between the two accounts, “it may be more practical to focus on the 529 first” due to the higher contribution allowance. “Until we know more about how Trump accounts will work, and how they’ll affect financial aid and taxes, many families may want to stick with what’s known, tested, and widely supported: the 529.” What Happens Next The Trump accounts are set to become available in July of next year. Although parents cannot yet open the accounts, the Treasury Department this week published a form parents can use to set these up during the tax filing process, and said that further details on the plans would be provided in 2026.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/trump-rollercoaster-week-tennessee-midterms-conversation-11161978
Article: The close outcome also prompted a warning from Florida's Republican Governor Ron DeSantis, who took to X to say: "Special, off-year, and midterm elections historically benefit the party out of power because its voters are motivated to vote, while voters of the incumbent party become more complacent." He continued: "They will vote GOP down ballot when Trump is running but won’t turn out to vote for a typical congressman in a midterm when Trump isn’t running." ... On DeSantis’ Warning After the Tennessee Election Original Article: Ron DeSantis Gives Republicans Midterms Warning After Tennessee Election Background: DeSantis gave Republicans a warning about the 2026 midterms after the Democratic Party outperformed expectations in Tennessee. I don't think the threats to allies, the insults by MAGA leadership to allied leaders, the cozying up to authoritarian leaders, screwing up the economy so badly really appeals to your average independent voter." Popisannoyed Editor’s Note: In response to the article, this commenter offered a strong opinion that focused on voter attitudes and the factors shaping recent election results. There have actually been Dem Governors in Texas and Rep Governors in Cali." z3_patriot Editor’s Note: This commenter argues that fluctuating margins are a routine part of statewide politics and points to past elections to suggest that individual races don’t always signal long-term shifts. On Reactions to Tennessee's Election Results Original Article: Matt Van Epps Retains GOP Seat Over Aftyn Behn Despite Democrat Gains Background: Despite the Republican win in Tennessee, Democrats improved on former Vice President Kamala Harris’ showing in the district. Original Comment: "I’m gonna put this on record right now, the only reason why Democrats wanna win in 2026 in the House of Representatives, because the first thing they’re gonna do is start impeachment proceedings against Trump again they could care less about anything else in the country but that and you can take that to the bank." KevinWern Editor’s Note: Offering a strong response, this commenter focuses on what they see as the Democratic Party’s motivations heading into the midterms. On Trump's Ratings—And What They Could Mean for Midterms Original Article: Map Shows Donald Trump’s Approval Rating in Each State After 10 Months Background: Trump’s approval ratings 11 months into his second term show persistent divides across the U.S. Original Comment: "If Trump has a negative rating in Florida, Ohio, and Texas now and things get even worse for him, the Republicans will almost lose the House in November 2026 and have an outside chance of retaking the Senate as well in November 2026. On Potential Challenges for Trump and Republicans Original Article: Five Polls That Spell Trouble for Donald Trump and the Republicans Background: A string of new polls paints a challenging picture for Trump and the GOP: His approval rating has plunged to a second-term low, cracks widening in his MAGA coalition and Democrats are competitive in deep-red districts. Midterms will be a Category 5 disaster for republicans." John Melson Editor’s Note: This commenter predicts significant challenges for Republicans in the upcoming midterms, emphasizing the idea of accountability and potential voter backlash.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/ncaa/penn-state-consider-move-polarizing-jon-gruden-candidate-11164366
Article: Since moving on from James Franklin during the middle of the 2025 college football season, the Penn State Nittany Lions have been searching for a replacement to lead the program into the future. He has been very vocal about his interest in coaching an SEC program, but the opportunity to coach in the Big Ten with the Nittany Lions would almost certainly be of interest to him.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/families-ups-plane-crash-victims-speak-out-wish-i-could-hug-her-11162464
Article: The families of two women killed in the November 4 crash of UPS Flight 2976 in Louisville have filed wrongful-death lawsuits alleging that the aircraft was unsafe to fly and that its operators and manufacturers failed to prevent a catastrophic mechanical failure moments after takeoff. The litigation comes as federal investigators continue examining the detachment of the McDonnell Douglas MD-11F cargo jet’s left engine and pylon, which broke away from the wing before the aircraft crashed into an industrial district south of Louisville Muhammad Ali International Airport. With the FAA grounding all MD-11 and MD-11F aircraft and the crash killing people on the ground as well as the crew, the case has become a test of corporate responsibility and regulatory oversight—one that could influence safety practices across the national cargo fleet. What To Know What Happened On November 4, UPS Flight 2976 crashed shortly after takeoff from Louisville when its left engine and pylon detached from the wing, triggering a massive fire and explosion that killed 14 people and injured 23 others. Two new lawsuits filed on December 3, 2025, name UPS and UPS Air, along with Boeing, General Electric and VT San Antonio Aerospace, Inc., alleging each played a role in allowing the unairworthy MD-11F aircraft to operate prior to the crash. Her family remembered her as someone who had been “fighting to overcome” personal challenges and was “loved by many.” Trinadette “Trina” Chavez, 37, was working at a nearby business when the plane’s impact and resulting fire took her life. Heartbreak And Resolve: Families Speak Out At a December 3 press conference to announce the lawsuits, held at the Offices of Sam Aguiar in Louisville—less than 20 minutes’ drive from the crash site—relatives spoke openly about their grief and the impact of the tragedy. Anderson’s daughter, Alexandria Faith, known as ‘Lexi’, said in a prepared statement “My mom was loved by many, and we're grateful to everyone who has shared beautiful memories and photos of her.” She added: “I was proud of her efforts, but am now living with the regret that I didn’t tell her before it was too late.” Lexi described the past month as “incredibly difficult” and was mindful of the other families suffering similar loss. She reflected on her mother’s personal challenges and recent progress, noting:“Like a lot of us, she had some challenges in the past, but I know how hard she’d been fighting to overcome them.” She said: “I just wish I could see her, hug her, and tell her I was proud of everything she was working to accomplish.” Lexi’s statement closed with the hope that her mother is “looking down now knowing that she was loved by many, and that we're working to do what it takes to preserve her legacy and to reduce the chances that other families and friends and loved ones ever have to go through something like this.” ... She opened by thanking supporters, saying: “Your support has meant more than we can ever express,” acknowledging “the first responders who answered the call during the tragic crash involving UPS Flight 2976,” telling them their “hard work, dedication, and unwavering commitment have not gone unnoticed.” Hermosillo-Nunez described her sister, who she called Nena, as “the heart and soul of this family” and “the heartbeat of this family.” She recounted how Chavez, as the eldest sibling, “sacrificed everything for us when we were growing up.” She recalled that “while others her age were living their childhoods, Nena, who was a child herself, was feeding us, changing our diapers, teaching us, protecting us, and showering us with love.” Fighting back tears, Hermosillo-Nunez recounted how Chavez insisted she pursue higher education despite family obligations. “Everyone in my family knew that I wanted to break the mold and go to college… but this wasn’t possible; somebody had to be there to help with the family responsibilities,” she said. The family pledged to “make Nena proud and do for her children what Nena always did for us: care for them and protect them, that’s why we are prepared to do what’s necessary with the support of our attorneys, to make sure that there is accountability and that Nena’s children are taken care of.” As the families launched the lawsuits, they emphasized their resolve to seek answers. Attorneys Accuse UPS Of Systemic Failures While the family statements accompanying the court filings focused on loss, gratitude and a determination to honor two lives that had shaped their families profoundly, attorneys from Chicago-based Clifford Law Offices and local attorney Sam Aguiar, collectively alleged that the aircraft was unsafe to fly and described widespread structural and oversight concerns. Cosgrove, partner at Clifford Law Offices representing the families told Newsweek: “When an engine detaches from a large cargo jet during takeoff, and the aircraft bursts into a fireball visible for miles, an entire community is affected. Brammeier, partner at Clifford Law Offices said the legal team will conduct its own investigation alongside federal authorities, aiming not only to determine the immediate cause of the crash but also to uncover how an aircraft in the condition alleged was allowed to fly. Brammeier, partner at Clifford Law Offices said: “Allowing an airplane in this condition to take off from an airport in a community full of innocent people loaded completely with fuel—it's completely unforgivable.” Attorney Bradley M. Cosgrove, partner at Clifford Law Offices said: “This tragedy is an unacceptable event that indicates a catastrophic failure across numerous safety systems.” What Happens Next The families’ public statements and newly filed lawsuits carry implications far beyond their personal grief, placing scrutiny on UPS and the broader cargo aviation industry after federal investigators found fatigue cracks in the components that connected the jet’s engine to its wing.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/ncaa/chiefs-andy-reid-unexpectedly-got-involved-in-penn-state-head-coaching-search-11164101
Article: According to CBS Sports’ Dennis Dodd, Sitake’s decision was influenced in part by advice from Kansas City Chiefs head coach Andy Reid, who reportedly encouraged him to stay at BYU rather than depart for Penn State.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/guinness-world-records-under-pressure-denying-israeli-submissions-11162994
Article: An Israeli charity that facilitates kidney transplants has told Newsweek of its regret at not being considered by Guinness World Records for a milestone of donor numbers because submissions from Israel, the West Bank or Gaza are not being accepted. The Matnat Chaim charity, which helps people make voluntary kidney donations, said it had approached Guinness to discuss an event it is planning for January in which 2,000 donors would gather in Jerusalem. Why It Matters The move by Guinness World Records, reported by Israeli media, comes as Israel faces growing isolation over the actions of its government, led by Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, during the two-year war in Gaza that followed the Hamas attacks on Israel on October 7, 2023. It also comes as Spain, the Netherlands, Ireland and Slovenia said they would boycott the Eurovision song contest after organizers voted to allow Israel to compete, highlighting how the global dispute over the war encompasses cultural, scientific and sporting spheres. The charity wanted to mark 2,000 voluntary live kidney donations and organized an event on January 21, 2026, which would see the highest number of donors in one place, over four times more than what Sherman said was the existing record, 474. "We wanted to have them, or any part of the 2,000 donors in one room, take a photograph and have us in the Guinness Book of Records.” But Sherman said that Guinness informed her that it was not accepting entries from Israel or the Palestinian-ruled territories at present. "The truth is, no record book can truly contain the greatness of our donors, people who are healthy, that voluntarily go into surgery to save the lives of people they don't know, and we don't think any certificates can change that," Herman said. A spokesperson for Guinness World Records told The Times of Israel that the company was not accepting record submissions from Israel, the West Bank or Gaza, due to the “sensitive” situation amid the war with Hamas. The statement cited by the newspaper said that Guinness was “aware of just how sensitive this is at the moment." It added that in the "current climate," it was not processing record applications from Israel or the Palestinian territories except for those done in cooperation with a United Nations humanitarian aid relief agency. Billionaire investor Bill Ackman posted on X, “How can Guinness World Records claim to recognize world records when they exclude submissions from certain countries?” Meanwhile, Israeli Foreign Minister Gideon Sa'ar called it “inexcusable” and demanded that the decision be revoked immediately. What People Are Saying Sharona Sherman, CEO of Matnat Chaim: “We felt that humanity should actually be above all boundaries or conflict.” Israeli Foreign Minister Gideon Sa'ar, on X: “This is inexcusable. We expect and demand that this twisted decision be revoked immediately.” Guinness World Records in a statement, per The Times of Israel: “We believe in record-breaking for everyone, everywhere, but unfortunately, in the current climate, we are not generally processing record applications from the Palestinian Territories or Israel, or where either is given as the attempt location, with the exception of those done in cooperation with a UN humanitarian aid relief agency.” What Happens Next Sherman said that an event with 2,000 donors would still take place on January 21, “with or without Guinness.” Meanwhile, the debate around boycotting Israel is likely to continue, with more countries possibly joining those threatening to pull out of Eurovision.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/how-to-buy-2026-fifa-world-cup-tickets-shop-france-argentina-spain-brazil-england-portugal-germany-united-states-seats-11160358
Article: Even though we are still 6 months away from the World Cup, with the draw taking place on Friday, December 5th, now is the time to start thinking about purchasing tickets to the 2026 World Cup if you plan on attending. How to Buy 2026 World Cup Tickets Start Date: Thursday, June 11, 2026 End Date: Sunday, July 19, 2026 Location: Mexico, Canada, United States Shop Now ) Tickets: Vivid Seats ( The 2026 edition will be the first ever co-hosted by three countries, the United States, Canada, and Mexico, and is expanding to a record 48 national teams. The expansion to 48 teams and the three-country hosting format promise a vastly bigger global showcase, with more nations able to participate, more fans across North America enjoying matches close to home, and a variety of venues adding a regional, multicultural flavor.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nfl/encouraging-mike-evans-update-emerges-before-bucs-saints-11163406
Article: Still, without Evans, the void has been evident as the Bucs sit at 7-5, teetering on the edge of the playoff bubble However, on Friday, reports indicated that not only had Evans returned to practice after being limited all week, but that he is considered a game-time decision, a sign the team could activate him ahead of Sunday's meeting with the New Orleans Saints. Read More: Bears-Eagles Black Friday Game Delivers Historic Viewership for NFL When Evans fractured his collarbone, the team initially said that he would be out "most of the year," and medical estimates put recovery after surgery at roughly 6-8 weeks. 3, almost six weeks exactly after the injury, which is an encouraging sign of his recovery and suggests he could be poised for meaningful output once back on the field. Tampa’s Friday injury report also noted that left tackle Tristan Wirfs, previously sidelined with an oblique issue, is "working" to return, making his Week 14 status worth monitoring right up to gameday. Read More: Steelers’ Mike Tomlin Addresses Harsh Fan Reactions After Bills Loss Tampa Bay (7-5) hosts New Orleans (2-10) in a divisional game that comes at a critical point of Tampa Bay’s schedule. Four of the Bucs’ last five regular-season games come against NFC South rivals, and with the 7-6 Panthers right behind them in the standings, nothing can be taken for granted.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/china-artificial-island-military-base-upgrades-revealed-11162696
Article: China continues to strengthen its control over the hotly contested South China Sea, as recent analysis of satellite imagery appears to show that its artificial island outposts in the region have bolstered their intelligence, electronic warfare and defensive capabilities. Why It Matters Citing what it describes as "historic rights"—which The Hague-based Permanent Court of Arbitration ruled in 2016 had no legal basis—China asserts sovereignty over most of the maritime features in the South China Sea, overlapping with its neighbors' claims. As part of its efforts to tighten control over the waters, China maintains a persistent presence of naval and coast guard vessels, supported by reefs that have been expanded into outposts with military infrastructure, including aviation and defensive facilities. China's assertive activities and excessive maritime claims in the South China Sea have been challenged by the United States, which has deployed warships to conduct freedom of navigation operations and patrols with allies and partners, including the Philippines. What To Know The Asia Maritime Transparency Initiative at the Center for Strategic and International Studies said on Tuesday that it observed new facilities on China's so-called big-three island outposts in the Spratly Islands: Fiery Cross Reef, Mischief Reef and Subi Reef. Regarding the latest facilities installed from 2023 through 2024 on the three outposts, the Asia Maritime Transparency Initiative said they were likely to support vehicle-deployed electronic warfare or intelligence, surveillance and reconnaissance (ISR) systems. Meanwhile, the Asia Maritime Transparency Initiative found that three sets of three emplacements were built on Mischief Reef in 2023, likely to accommodate road-mobile weapons platforms, including artillery or rocket systems, to defend the outpost. What People Are Saying The Asia Maritime Transparency Initiative at the Center for Strategic and International Studies said in a report published on Tuesday: "These upgrades underscore the fact that a major function of China's bases is to provide unparalleled ISR coverage of the South China Sea, supporting the operations of China's coastguard and navy in peacetime and allowing Beijing to contest the use of the electromagnetic spectrum by others in the event of a conflict." A spokesperson for China's Foreign Ministry said in July: "China's position on the '2016 Arbitral Award on the South China Sea' is consistent and clear. China's territorial sovereignty and maritime rights and interests in the South China Sea will not be affected by the 'award' in any way." What Happens Next It remains to be seen whether Vietnam will follow China's footsteps in enhancing the military capabilities of its outposts.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/winter-storm-update-as-snow-to-hit-southeast-11163125
Article: Four inches of snow has fallen in parts of the Southeast as a winter storm moves through the region Friday, and AccuWeather anticipates several more inches of snow before the storm exits the U.S. Meteorologists began warning about the storm earlier in the week, shortly after an another walloped much of the Midwest and Northeast, causing hundreds of schools to close Tuesday, some delays and closures stretching into Wednesday. The current storm is not as impactful as its predecessor, which dumped up to a foot of snow in the Northeast, but is still bringing several inches of snow to the Southeast on Friday. AccuWeather Director of Forecasting Operations Carl Erickson told Newsweek that most areas hit by the storm fell within the snowfall range AccuWeather predicted, but parts of southern West Virginia and southwestern Virginia were hit by more snow than expected. Wet and slushy spots could quickly refreeze as temperatures drop tonight, creating slick spots and icy patches." The National Weather Service (NWS) has issued winter weather advisories across the region, which will remain in effect until Friday afternoon.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/trump-admin-removes-mlk-day-juneteenth-from-national-parks-fee-free-days-11160677
Article: The Department of the Interior (DOI) recently announced its "resident-only patriotic fee-free days" for 2026, and missing from the list were MLK Day, which has been a National Park fee-free day since 2018, and Juneteenth, which was introduced as a fee-free day in 2024. In place of these days commemorating American history, civil rights and equality, the Trump administration has instead opted to celebrate additional former presidents' birthdays and Flag Day, which is also President Donald Trump's birthday. Why It Matters MLK Day is a federal holiday that celebrates the civil rights leader's contribution and legacy of promoting equality and justice in the country, while Juneteenth, also a federal holiday, commemorates the end of slavery in the U.S. The removal of these days as fee-free National Park days follows the Trump administration's pause on certain days of remembrance, including MLK Day and Juneteenth, earlier this year, as part of the president's ban on diversity, equity, and inclusion programs. Trump was criticized by some earlier this year for hosting military parades on June 14th—the day of his 79th birthday—although he said the spectacle was not about his birthday and was instead to commemorate the 250th anniversary of the U.S. What To Know The DOI announced 2026's fee-free National Park days in a broader update on its aims to modernize park access and prioritize affordability for American families, which is in keeping with Trump's "America-first" policies. For 2025, the fee-free days in National Parks included: MLK Day on January 20 The first day of National Park Week, on April 19 Juneteenth on June 19 The anniversary of the Great American Outdoors Act, August 24 National Public Lands Day, September 27 Veterans Day, November 11. The list is now: Presidents' Day on February 16, which commemorates the birthdays of former Presidents George Washington and Abraham Lincoln Memorial Day on May 25 Flag Day on June 14, which is also Trump's birthday Independence Day weekend from July 3 to 5 The 110th birthday of the National Park Service on August 25 Constitution Day on September 17 Theodore Roosevelt's birthday, October 27 Veterans Day, November 11. According to the National Park Foundation, it is the NPS, alongside the DOI, that designates which days each year will be fee-free, with the aim of encouraging Americans to visit the parks on those special days. The department also announced the launch of new digital "America the Beautiful" passes, which will allow Americans to buy and use their passes on mobile devices, and the DOI said it would provide "faster entry and smoother visitor entry." The new passes also feature Trump's face, according to People, alongside a portrait of George Washington. taxpayers, who already support the National Park System, continue to enjoy affordable access, while international visitors contribute their fair share to maintaining and improving our parks for future generations." Mary Frances Berry, a professor of American social thought and history at the University of Pennsylvania, told Newsweek: "The removal of MLK day and Juneteenth from fee free days just helps to accelerate the trend toward reducing information about our nation’s struggle toward liberty and justice for all. And all this as we prepare to celebrate the Declaration of Independence." Tyrhee Moore, the executive director of Soul Trak Outdoors, a nonprofit that connects urban communities of color to the outdoors, told SFGATE: "This policy shift is deeply concerning. These holidays hold profound cultural and historical significance for Black communities, and eliminating them as access points feels like a direct targeting of the very groups who already face systemic barriers to the outdoors." What Happens Next The first of the fee-free National Park days for 2026 will be Presidents' Day on February 16, skipping MLK Day on January 20.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/hair-growth-revelation-challenges-decades-textbook-biology-pushing-pulling-11163491
Article: The study by scientists from L'Oréal Research & Innovation and Queen Mary University of London, England, used advanced 3D live imaging to observe living human hair follicles in lab culture. "We found that instead that it’s actively being pulled upwards by surrounding tissue acting almost like a tiny motor.” To test their theory, the scientists blocked cell division inside the hair follicle, expecting that hair growth would stop if the traditional 'pushing from below' model were true. "While static images provide mere isolated snapshots, 3D time-lapse microscopy is indispensable for truly unraveling the intricate, dynamic biological processes within the hair follicle, revealing crucial cellular kinetics, migratory patterns, and rate of cell divisions that are otherwise impossible to deduce from discrete observations.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nfl/cowboys-wr-ceedee-lamb-breaks-silence-after-scary-concussion-11164021
Article: Dallas Cowboys wide receiver CeeDee Lamb was in the midst of a masterful performance before suffering a scary head injury that ruled him out for the remainder of Thursday night's primetime matchup against the Detroit Lions. Dallas wide receiver George Pickens struggled in the WR1 role following Lamb's exit, with many fans and analysts questioning his effort in the second half of Thursday's Week 14 loss. More Football: Chris Henry Jr.’s Decision Prompts Strong Message From Ryan Day: Report The Cowboys will look to bounce back in Week 15's "Sunday Night Football" matchup against the Minnesota Vikings.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/firefighter-rescues-kitten-blaze-photo-happens-next-viral-11160180
Article: First Responders Association, Inc., stated smoke inhalation is one of the most-lethal threats in house fires, and pets are especially vulnerable due to their smaller airways and limited lung capacity. In the department's Facebook video, which reached over 109,000 views, one of the kittens sat in a vehicle with its face pressed into the oxygen mask as a firefighter gently held it in place. Housefires are especially dangers for felines, as they often hide rather than escaping, making it one of the most-common causes of smoke inhalation for these pets, according to an article from Wag Walking. Thank you for saving their lives," wrote one person, while another added: "Fantastic job and great result, well done to you all." A third commented: "I'm glad that everyone is okay, and thank you for caring enough to find their fur babies." Do you have funny and adorable videos or pictures of your pet you want to share?

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/4-year-old-gift-classmate-11163486
Article: Aicha Diallo, 27, from Birmingham in the U.K., took to her TikTok, @softlyaicha, to share the unexpected turn of events that unfolded from the moment she picked up her youngest child, Nyla, from day care. “I asked to see it, but Nyla—being Nyla—said, ‘No, no, wait till we get home.’ A few minutes later, she changed her mind and opened it.” That was when Diallo caught sight of what the gift was. “At first, I thought it had to be fake, but then I saw the account number, sort code, and name… and realized it was very real.” The fact Nyla’s friend stole her mom’s credit card might be surprising on first reading, but it’s fairly ordinary behavior for a child her age and shouldn’t be taken as evidence of anything serious. According to Johns Hopkins Medicine, children up to the age of 3 often take things “because they don't understand fully the difference between what is mine and what is not.” They don’t do so with bad intentions. Even from the ages of 3 up to 7, Johns Hopkins Medicine notes “this age group will trade things without regard to value.” Diallo’s reaction to seeing the credit card was exactly what you would expect. I didn’t want her to get upset when I returned her ‘gift!’” Eager to capture the moment for posterity, Diallo got her phone out and hit record, with the clip later finding its way to her TikTok where it has already been watched 2.9 million times. Another said: “I’m a kindergarten teacher and one of my students tried gifting me his mom's engagement ring.” A third commented: “When I was in elementary this kid came in with $1,000 cash and was handing out 100s, 20s, and 10s. She only replied hours later, completely unaware that her card had traveled to another house!” She was eventually able to hand it back to the fellow mom when she went to pick Nyla’s older brother up from school. “She just laughed it off and understood it was one of those innocent things kids do.” Though Diallo thought what happened was “too funny not to share” on social media, she’s been surprised at the response.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/astros-predicted-to-replace-framber-valdez-with-trade-for-al-ace-11163526
Article: "Over the past four seasons, Joe Ryan quietly ranks in the top 40 among starting pitchers in WAR (10.7, 33rd) and innings pitched (614.2, 27th), and he is coming off the best season of his career and first All-Star selection in 2025," Reuter wrote. "He leans heavily on an elite four-seam fastball, throwing the pitch more than 50 percent of the time and allowing a .204 average while recording 109 strikeouts and a 26.9 percent whiff rate with the pitch. They have one of the thinnest farm systems in baseball, but might be able to build a package around Jake Meyers and a few of their remaining top prospects to reel in Ryan and his two years of club control." The Astros can't afford to take another step back this offseason.

Link: https://abc7.com/videoClip/didonatos-magical-holiday-express/18247718/
Article: Ride the Magical Holiday Express and more at DiDonato Family Fun Center DiDonato's holiday train ride is the gateway to a village full of lights, a bowling alley, and dining experiences in Hammonton, New Jersey. After the new year, the 'Rolling Railway' will play host to the 'Easter Eggspress' and then the 'Trick-Or-Treat Train.' Watch the video above to see the spirit of the season in action.

Link: https://abc7.com/post/world-cup-draw-2026-everything-know-how-format-works/18252957/
Article: Pot 3 - Norway (29), Panama (30), Egypt (34), Algeria (35), Scotland (36), Paraguay (39), Tunisia (40), Ivory Coast (42), Uzbekistan (60), Qatar (51), Saudi Arabia (60), South Africa (61). Pot 4 - Jordan (66), Cape Verde (68), Ghana (72), CuraÃao (82), Haiti (84), New Zealand (86), UEFA Playoff A, UEFA Playoff B, UEFA Playoff C, UEFA Playoff D, FIFA Playoff 1, FIFA Playoff 2. Also, the top four teams in the FIFA ranking - Spain, Argentina, France and England - will be drawn in such a way that, should they win their groups, they would not face each other before the semifinals. UEFA Playoff B will be contested by Ukraine, Sweden, Poland and Albania, UEFA Playoff C by Turkey, Romania, Slovakia and Kosovo, and UEFA Playoff D by Denmark, North Macedonia, the Czech Republic and Ireland. (In a couple quirks of global soccer, Suriname plays in CONCACAF and Australia plays in the AFC - but New Zealand is part of the OFC.) Possible groups Although the pots are largely in descending order of FIFA ranking, there's still plenty of potential variance in how challenging a group might be, especially since pot 4 could yield either a traditional power like Italy or a World Cup newcomer like CuraÃao.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/world/renewed-fighting-in-eastern-congo-threatens-historic-peace-deal-brokered-by-trump
Article: Presidents Felix Tshisekedi of Congo and Paul Kagame of Rwanda met with Trump on Thursday to sign a wide-ranging deal that attempts to stop the ongoing war between the Congolese armed forces and the Rwanda-backed M23 rebel group in the eastern part of Congo. GOMA, Congo (AP) — Residents of eastern Congo said fighting has intensified despite a peace agreement that was signed by the Congolese and Rwandan presidents in Washingtion, D.C., with U.S. “People are fleeing; they are leaving the neighborhoods where the bombs are falling to go to areas considered calm, and others are fleeing towards Rwanda,” Kamanyola resident Urbain Dunia told The Associated Press by telephone Friday. Institute of Peace building while fighting the organization in court Lauded by the White House as a “historic” agreement brokered by Trump, the pact between Tshisekedi and Kagame followed monthslong peace efforts by the U.S. M23 is one of about 100 armed groups vying for a foothold in mineral-rich eastern Congo near the border with Rwanda in a conflict that has created one of the world’s most significant humanitarian crises.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/trump-administration-expand-travel-ban-30-countries-noem-128147553
Article: Homeland Security Secretary Kristi Noem says the Trump administration is expanding its travel ban to more than 30 countries WASHINGTON -- The Trump administration will be expanding its ban on travel for citizens of certain countries to more than 30, Homeland Security Secretary Kristi Noem said, in the latest restriction to come since a man from Afghanistan was accused of shooting two National Guard members. Noem, who spoke late Thursday in an interview with Fox News Channel host Laura Ingraham, would not provide further details, saying President Donald Trump was considering which countries would be included. In the wake of the National Guard shooting, the administration already ratcheted up restrictions on the 19 countries included in the initial travel ban, which include Afghanistan, Somalia, Iran and Haiti, among others. “If they don't have a stable government there, if they don't have a country that can sustain itself and tell us who those individuals are and help us vet them, why should we allow people from that country to come here to the United States?” Noem said. The Department of Homeland Security did not respond to requests for comment about when an updated travel ban might go into effect and which countries would be included in it. Additions to the June travel ban are the latest in what has been a rapidly unfolding series of immigration actions since the shooting Thanksgiving week of two National Guard troops in Washington. Citizenship and Immigration Services announced it was reducing the time period that work permits are valid for certain applicants such as refugees and people with asylum so they have to reapply more often and go through vetting more frequently.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/5/fighting-flares-in-dr-congo-within-hours-of-trumps-peace-deal-ceremony?traffic_source=rss
Article: Fighting has flared up again in the east of the Democratic Republic of the Congo between the M23 rebel group and government forces, a day after United States President Donald Trump hosted DRC and Rwanda leaders in Washington as they signed a peace deal aimed at ending decades-long conflict in the country. The warring sides blamed each other for Friday’s renewed fighting, with the M23 group saying in a statement that 23 people were killed and several others wounded in bombardments by the DRC’s army. M23 spokesperson Lawrence Kanyuka said in a post on X that Congolese forces and allies launched “attacks on densely populated areas in North Kivu and South Kivu, using fighter jets, drones, and heavy artillery”. A senior M23 official, who requested anonymity as he was not authorised to speak to the media, told the Reuters news agency that rebel forces had retaken the town of Luberika and shot down a Congolese army drone. The renewed fighting comes a day after DRC President Felix Tshisekedi and Rwanda’s Paul Kagame reaffirmed commitments to a US-brokered deal reached in June to stabilise the vast country and open the way for more Western mining investment. Advertisement “We’re settling a war that’s been going on for decades,” said Trump, whose administration has intervened in a string of conflicts around the world to burnish his credentials as a peacemaker and advance US business interests. Analysts say US diplomacy paused an escalation of fighting in eastern DRC, but failed to resolve core issues, with neither the DRC nor Rwanda fulfilling pledges made in the June agreement. Friday’s clashes also caused mass displacement of residents, as more than 700 Congolese nationals – mostly women and children – crossed into neighbouring Rwanda, Phanuel Sindayiheba, a local government official in western Rwanda’s Rusizi district, told reporters. Between July and October, more than 123,600 people were displaced in DRC due to armed attacks, clashes, land conflicts, and natural hazards, according to the latest data from the United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/economy/2025/12/5/netflix-to-acquire-warner-bros-discovery-raising-antitrust-concerns?traffic_source=rss
Article: Critics say the deal would create less competition in Hollywood and limit choice for consumers Netflix has agreed to buy Warner Bros Discovery TV, film studios and streaming division for $72bn, a deal that would hand control of one of Hollywood’s most prized and oldest assets to the streaming pioneer. Under the Netflix deal, each Warner Bros Discovery shareholder will receive $23.25 in cash and about $4.50 in Netflix stock per share, valuing Warner at $27.75 a share, or about $72bn in equity and $82.7bn with debt. It is also expected to raise antitrust concerns in Europe and the United States that the purchase would greatly increase the buying power of Netflix, which is already a dominant force in Hollywood. Advertisement “If I was tasked with doing so, I could not think of a more effective way to reduce competition in Hollywood than selling WBD to Netflix,” Jason Kilar, the former CEO of Warner Media, said in a post on the social media platform X. Paramount-Skydance has been accused of making choices that align with the White House’s wishes, including the cancellation of The Late Show with Stephen Colbert, as host Stephen Colbert was critical of the president. In September, the network appointed Kenneth Weinstein as ombudsman and to review allegations of bias, even though Weinstein has no background in journalism, has been a Trump donor and had earlier headed a conservative think tank. Warner Bros Discovery owns news network CNN, and there were concerns that, should Paramount own it, it could bring in leadership that is aligned with Trump and the Republican Party, as have been the concerns about CBS.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/now/video/cdc-advisory-panel-rolls-back-universal-hepatitis-b-vaccine-recommendation-253814853803
Article: After a day and a half of heated debate, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention’s vaccine advisory panel rolled back a decadeslong recommendation that all newborns get a first dose of the hepatitis B vaccine within 24 hours of birth.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/state/texas-news/texas-flood/911-recordings-calls-kerrville-kerr-county-floods-july-fourth-texas/273-e6f9e00c-0562-42a2-8553-315b4cfc6088
Article: KERR COUNTY, Texas — As floodwaters surged through Kerr County before dawn on July 4, 911 dispatchers fielded frantic calls from residents trapped along the Guadalupe River — pleas for help that underscored the speed and ferocity of a disaster that left 119 people dead. “We are sitting on the roof of the back of the house and my parents, one is handicapped, is sitting in the truck.” Monaco told dispatchers cars couldn’t reach them. The dispatcher assured her: “We have multiple boats coming from multiple agencies.” The Kerr County flood, fueled by torrential overnight rains, ultimately swept away homes, camps and resorts along the Guadalupe River, marking one of the deadliest natural disasters in Texas history.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cj38ryp8k81o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Starmer rejects EU customs union after Lammy comments 25 minutes ago Share Save Paul Seddon Political reporter Share Save EPA/Shutterstock Sir Keir Starmer has repeated that he is not planning to rejoin the EU's customs union, after the deputy prime minister said countries in such unions see a boost to their economies. He added that rejoining the EU's customs union was "not currently our policy" - but highlighted that Turkey had seen growth as a result of its own union with the bloc. The prime minister - who has said economic growth is his government's top priority - said he wanted to build closer trading ties with the EU but not break Labour's post-Brexit commitments. Labour's election manifesto ruled out taking the UK back into the EU's customs union, in which the remaining 27 member states charge the same taxes on goods imported from outside the bloc. Turkish model Speaking to The News Agents podcast, Lammy said: "It's self-evident that leaving the European Union badly damaged our economy, took us out of an important marketplace and created serious friction. Asked whether he wanted to see the UK in a customs union with the EU, he replied: "That's not currently our policy, that's not currently where we are." However, he highlighted that Turkey, which is in a customs union with the bloc, was "seemingly benefiting and seeing growth in their economy". Turkey's deal, which does not apply to agricultural goods, or services, reduces the the need to prove the origin of many goods it trades with the EU - a considerable source of trade friction for the UK since Brexit.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cj9yvz4ewg8o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Jamie's Italian to return six years after collapse Jamie Oliver's Italian restaurant chain will return to London in the new year At its peak, there were more than 40 Jamie's Italian sites across the UK, but after rapid expansion and a changing market, the company ran into trouble. However his other business interests remained in healthy shape: there is estimated to be one Jamie Oliver cookery book for every two UK households and his TV series, which began with The Naked Chef in 1999, have been shown in 189 territories. The brand's resurrection comes at a time when UK hospitality bosses have complained of a tough trading environment and cost pressures such as increased staffing costs and changes to business rates. At the time of Jamie's Italian 2019 collapse, Oliver blamed "the well-publicised struggles of the casual dining sector and decline of the UK High Street, along with soaring business rates," for the company's demise.

Link: https://www.npr.org/sections/goats-and-soda/2025/12/05/g-s1-100881/child-mortality-aid-cuts
Article: Between 2000 and 2020, the number of children who die before they hit their 5th birthday dropped by half — from nearly 10 million deaths a year to under 5 million deaths a year. That number is projected to rise by just over 200,000 — to an estimated 4.8 million children — in 2025, according to modeling work done by the Institute for Health Metrics and Evaluation (IHME) at the University of Washington in Seattle. "It's horrific," says Brooke Nichols , an associate professor of global health at Boston University, who was not involved in this research but has done her own work on estimating the impact of the drop in foreign aid. She says the methodology used by IHME looks sound and in line with many of the other estimates — including one published in July in the medical journal The Lancet . Instead, Lim and his team built a mathematical model that forecast future child mortality based on how a number of factors — like health spending in a country — were linked to child health outcomes. And while some countries have stepped up — for example, Indonesia began contributing more than it receives from Gavi, the international vaccine alliance this year and South Africa increased its contribution to the Global Fund to Fight AIDS, Tuberculosis and Malaria — it does not make up for the cuts. Lim estimates that some countries spent 20% less on health as a result of the cuts: "So, as you can imagine, such large cuts will have substantial consequences on health services." Sponsor Message What does the future look like? Lim's estimates — which were published this week as part of the Gates Foundation's annual Goalkeepers Report that tracks how well the world is doing on development goals — modeled out a few scenarios going forward. (The Gates Foundation provides financial support for this blog and NPR.) If global health funding cuts of 20% below 2024 levels persist, Lim's team found that 12 million children could die by 2045 above and beyond what the number was already expected. They also looked at a positive scenario: If the world was to recommit to funding health for the poorest countries at the same level as 2024, the researchers found that health innovations in the pipeline — like new vaccines, malaria control interventions, new maternal and neonatal care strategies — would save 12 million additional children by 2045.

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/12/05/nx-s1-5634705/trump-nlrb-mspb-firing-appeal
Article: Circuit Court of Appeals said in a 2-to-1 ruling that President Trump acted lawfully in firing two members of independent agencies, despite federal laws that hold they can only be fired for cause, because they wield significant executive power. The case decided by the appeals court was brought by Cathy Harris, a Democratic member of the Merit Systems Protection Board, and Gwynne Wilcox, a Democratic member of the National Labor Relations Board. In that unanimous decision, the court held that while the president has the power to remove purely executive officers for any reason, that unlimited power does not extend to agencies whose duties "are neither political nor executive, but predominantly quasi-judicial and quasi-legislative." The Trump administration appealed, and in May, the Supreme Court weighed in with an emergency order allowing the firings of Harris and Wilcox to stand pending a merits hearing in their combined case. "The stay reflects our judgment that the Government is likely to show that both the NLRB and MSPB exercise considerable executive power," the Supreme Court majority wrote in the unsigned order. Circuit Court Judge Gregory Katsas, a Trump appointee, cited the substantive rulemaking powers of the MSPB and the NLRB, as well the agencies' broad powers to order things like reinstatement and back pay. Sponsor Message Katsas declined to address whether the president can still fire officers at agencies that are "purely adjudicatory" in nature, nor did he wade into the thorny question of whether members of the Federal Reserve should remain insulated from the president's reach. She argued that the MSPB and the NLRB do not in fact wield substantial executive power, and she warned of the consequences of granting the president control over such bodies.

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/12/05/nx-s1-5634694/x-musk-eu-fines
Article: EU hits Elon Musk's X with $140 million fine over business practices toggle caption Nicolas Tucat/AFP via Getty Images The European Union has announced a fine of $140 million against Elon Musk's X, the social media platform formerly known as Twitter, for several failures to comply with rules governing large digital platforms. A European Commission spokesperson said the fine against X's holding company was due to the platform's misleading use of a blue check mark to identify verified users, a poorly functioning advertising repository, and a failure to provide effective data access for researchers. "If you do not, we take action." The possibility that X would face financial penalties in Europe had drawn significant political fire, not only from Musk but also from others in Washington, D.C., over the past two years since the European Commission began its investigation . "The EU should be supporting free speech not attacking American companies over garbage." In July 2024, in a set of preliminary findings , the European Commission formally accused X — which serves more than 100 million users within the EU — of several violations. Nonetheless, the company could have faced far higher financial penalties, with European authorities able under new legislation — known as the Digital Services Act — to fine offenders 6% of their worldwide annual revenue, which in this case could have included several other of Musk's companies, including SpaceX. Musk was a prominent supporter of Trump's campaign and spent several months this past spring serving as an administration adviser and the public face of the Department of Government Efficiency initiative. Sponsor Message The willingness to take on Musk's business empire could serve as a critical test of the EU's determination, especially in light of President Trump's previous threats of tariffs over the bloc's fines against U.S. The confrontation highlights a growing division over the concept of digital sovereignty, which has transformed long-standing allies into competitors as Europe strives to establish itself as the global authority for digital regulation, and the Trump administration pushes back against perceived curbs on U.S. "We adopt the final decision, not targeting anyone, not targeting any company, not targeting any jurisdictions based on their color or their country of origin." Despite the Trump administration's pressure, the EU has proceeded with the enforcement of its digital antitrust rules, recently imposing fines of $584 million on Apple Inc. Sponsor Message It has also issued substantial penalties against other corporations, including over $8 billion total in fines against Alphabet Inc.'s Google over several years, and a separate directive for Apple to repay €13 billion in back taxes to Ireland for providing unfair state aid.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/politics/trump-awarded-new-fifa-peace-prize
Article: He and FIFA president Gianni Infantino are close allies, and Infantino had made clear that he thought Trump should have won the Nobel for his efforts to broker a ceasefire in Gaza. WASHINGTON (AP) — President Donald Trump was awarded the new FIFA peace prize on Friday at the 2026 World Cup draw — giving the soccer spectacle to set matchups for the quadrennial tournament even more of a Trumpian flair. president for his actions to “promote peace and unity around the world.” “This is what we want from a leader — a leader that cares about the people,” Infantino said about Trump, who wore a gold medal around his neck and was presented with a gold trophy with his name on it that depicts hands holding up the world. The FIFA leader said to Trump “this is your prize, this is your peace prize.” Trump thanked his family, including his wife, first lady Melania Trump, and praised the leaders of the other two host nations — Canadian Prime Minister Mark Carney and Mexican President Claudia Sheinbaum — in his brief remarks. FIFA has described the prize as one that rewards “individuals who have taken exceptional and extraordinary actions for peace and by doing so have united people across the world.” It comes during a week where Trump’s administration has been under scrutiny for lethal strikes on alleged drug boats in the Caribbean and as Trump hardens his rhetoric against immigrants. The Nobel this year was eventually awarded to Venezuelan opposition leader Maria Corina Machado, who said shortly after receiving the prize that she was dedicating it in part to Trump for “his decisive support of our cause.”

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/father-wife-supervise-son-focus-probe-stepsisters-cruise-128146573
Article: -- A 16-year-old boy who is the subject of an FBI investigation into the death of his older stepsister on a Carnival cruise ship last month never had permission from his father to go on the trip, the dad said in family court papers accusing his ex-wife of failing to supervise the teen. The teenage boy and his 18-year-old stepsister, Anna Kepner, were allowed to share a room aboard the cruise ship and the boy's mother “failed to properly supervise” the teen, the father, Thomas Hudson said Thursday in a court motion seeking greater visitation with the two children he shares with his ex-wife. Kepner’s death aboard the ship that sailed from Miami has remained shrouded in mystery with the FBI and medical examiner’s office in South Florida refusing to disclose any information about the case for weeks.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Business/wireStory/us-steel-resume-steel-production-illinois-plant-shut-128146494
Article: Steel says it'll resume making steel slabs at its Granite City Works plant in Illinois amid strengthening demand FILE - A giant ladle glows red after pouring molten iron in to a vessel inside the basic oxygen furnace as part of the processes of making steel at the U.S. (AP Photo/Jeff Roberson, File) FILE - A giant ladle glows red after pouring molten iron in to a vessel inside the basic oxygen furnace as part of the processes of making steel at the U.S. However, it reversed its stance on the processing mill, under pressure from the White House, and now says it is going a step further by resuming steel making by reopening the blast furnace it idled three years ago amid strikes by the United Auto Workers. “Steel remains a highly competitive and highly cyclical industry, but we are confident in our ability to safely and profitably operate the mill to meet 2026 demand." The Pittsburgh company expects to resume steel production in the first half of next year after it hires and trains workers and gets equipment in safe working order. To resolve national security objections to the acquisition, Nippon Steel agreed to give the federal government a say in certain company decisions involving domestic steel production, including over closing or idling U.S.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/05/paramount-david-ellison-wbd-bidding-war-hostile-bid.html
Article: In this article PSKY WBD NFLX Follow your favorite stocks CREATE FREE ACCOUNT Paramount Skydance CEO David Ellison speaks during the Bloomberg Screentime conference in Los Angeles on October 9, 2025. Instead of supercharging Paramount, just months after gaining control of the company through a merger with Skydance, Ellison effectively handed a prized jewel of the media and entertainment industry to its most dominant player, strengthening Netflix's reach and stripping Paramount and Comcast's NBCUniversal of an obvious merger target. "It wasn't for sale before, and they certainly hadn't cleaned up the assets or separated the assets in the way they have right now," said Netflix co-CEO Ted Sarandos in a conference call Friday morning after announcing the deal. Factoring in another 4 million shares that Zaslav is set to receive in January, according to a person close to the situation who declined to be named speaking about the executive's holdings, the true total is closer to $660 million.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/05/josh-brown-dramatically-cuts-netflix-position-after-proposed-warner-bros-buy-heres-why.html
Article: Josh Brown, a long-term Netflix bull , said on CNBC Friday afternoon that he had cut his position in the streaming platform by 85% following its $72 billion deal to buy pieces of Warner Bros. While Brown said that he still likes the stock, the year or so it could take for this deal to settle represents a big opportunity cost in terms of other lost investments. "I can't sit for a year and watch this become a political football and tie up capital," the CEO of Ritholtz Wealth Management said on CNBC's " Halftime Report " Friday afternoon. I think there are going to be other opportunities that have more near-term upside while this Netflix thing works its way through the meat grinder in Washington." Brown pointed to regulatory and antitrust scrutiny as a headwind for the acquisition, which he said is the largest M & A transaction in the post-pandemic world. I actually love the deal for them — not only for them, but I love that they're keeping this out of the hands of somebody else — equally important in the streaming wars," he added. "But I can't sit here, so I kept a very small position on and we'll see what happens." Shares of Netflix were last trading 4% lower on Friday, while Warner Bros. DISCLOSURES: All opinions expressed by the CNBC Pro contributors are solely their opinions and do not reflect the opinions of CNBC, NBC UNIVERSAL, their parent company or affiliates, and may have been previously disseminated by them on television, radio, internet or another medium.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/05/brian-cole-trump-jan-6-pipe-bomb-case.html
Article: Capitol Police Chief Michael Sullivan attend a news conference at the Department of Justice on Thursday, December 4, 2025, announcing the arrest of Brian Cole Jr., who allegedly placed pipe bombs near the Republican and Democratic National Committee offices on January 6, 2021. Cole, 30, was arrested Thursday morning at his family's home in Woodbridge, Virginia, nearly five years after he allegedly placed explosive devices outside Republican and Democratic party offices in Washington, D.C., on the eve of the Jan.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/05/rubrik-rbrk-stock-earnings-q3.html
Article: CEO Bipul Sinha told CNBC's "Closing Bell: Overtime" on Thursday that the company's strength in cyber resilience and its recent move into safeguarding artificial intelligence agents is fueling its rapid growth.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/select/3-money-moves-to-make-no-matter-what-the-fed-does/
Article: The federal funds rate certainly influences our everyday lives: It determines how expensive it is for Americans to borrow money, how rewarding it is to save, and, in more macro terms, it plays a part in major economic factors like inflation and employment. "The bottom line is the importance of planning — having a financial life that isn't based on what the Fed might or might not do, but one that's designed to weather the storm," Grant adds. 3 money moves to make Tackle high-interest debt Maximize your savings Lock in fixed rates Tackle high-interest debt There's no scenario where paying off high-interest debt shouldn't be a top priority. Citi Simplicity® Card CNBC Select Rating 4.3 Learn More CNBC Select Rating 4.3 Learn More Spotlight Receive a 0% Intro APR for 21 months on balance transfers and for 12 months on purchases from date of account opening. Pros & cons One of the longest intro-APR offers for balance transfers No annual fee No rewards No welcome bonus More details Balance transfer fee There is an intro balance transfer fee of 3% of each transfer (minimum $5) completed within the first 4 months of account opening. Foreign transaction fee 3% Like with any balance transfer card, we suggest having a plan for how much you need to pay off each month to ensure the total balance is paid by the time the intro period is up (otherwise, you'll pay interest after the 0% APR period). The Chase Freedom Unlimited® (see rates and fees) offers a bit shorter intro APR window of 15 months on balance transfers, but it offers cash-back rewards on your everyday spending, plus a welcome bonus. Chase Freedom Unlimited® CNBC Select Rating 5.0 Learn More On Chase's site CNBC Select Rating 5.0 Learn More On Chase's site Spotlight New cardholders receive a 0% intro APR for 15 months from account opening on purchases and balance transfers. Pros & cons Valuable welcome bonus and high rewards rates Long intro APR for purchases and balance transfers No annual fee Has a foreign transaction fee Few rewarding ongoing benefits More details Highlights Intro Offer: Earn a $200 Bonus after you spend $500 on purchases in your first 3 months from account opening Enjoy 5% cash back on travel purchased through Chase Travel SM , our premier rewards program that lets you redeem rewards for cash back, travel, gift cards and more; 3% cash back on drugstore purchases and dining at restaurants, including takeout and eligible delivery service, and 1.5% on all other purchases. , our premier rewards program that lets you redeem rewards for cash back, travel, gift cards and more; 3% cash back on drugstore purchases and dining at restaurants, including takeout and eligible delivery service, and 1.5% on all other purchases. No annual fee – You won't have to pay an annual fee for all the great features that come with your Freedom Unlimited ® card card Keep tabs on your credit health, Chase Credit Journey helps you monitor your credit with free access to your latest score, alerts, and more. Achieve® Personal Loans Learn More Annual Percentage Rate (APR) 8.99% to 29.99% Loan purpose Debt consolidation, major purchase Loan amounts $5,000 to $50,000 Terms 24 and 60 months Credit needed 620 or higher Origination fee 1.99% to 6.99% Early payoff penalty None Late fee See terms Terms apply. Pros Flexible term lengths Rate discounts available Works with borrowers with fair credit Cons Loans may not be available in all states The lender charges origination fees Learn More View More Maximize your savings It's (painfully) true that when the Fed lowers its benchmark rate, you'll likely see the return on your savings account go down, too. Compare savings accounts Lock in fixed rates In an uncertain economy where signals may be mixed, it's easier to plan your finances when you have predictability each month of what you have to pay. Even if it means being locked into a slightly higher rate today than tomorrow (if the Fed were to lower rates), it gives you peace of mind of not having to worry what the Fed does. While CNBC Select earns a commission from affiliate partners on many offers and links, we create all our content without input from our commercial team or any outside third parties, and we pride ourselves on our journalistic standards and ethics. Editorial Note: Opinions, analyses, reviews or recommendations expressed in this article are those of the Select editorial staff’s alone, and have not been reviewed, approved or otherwise endorsed by any third party.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/video/inside-story/2025/12/5/what-are-the-implications-of-trumps-somali-garbage-comments?traffic_source=rss
Article: Presenter: Adrian Finighan Guests: Samakab Hussein – Somali American and Minnesota State House representative Joi Chaney – Lawyer and Democratic political strategist Eric Ham – Political analyst and former US congressional staffer

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/politics/justice-department/judge-orders-jeffrey-epstein-related-grand-jury-transcripts-florida-re-rcna247624
Article: District Judge Rodney Smith said he was granting the DOJ's renewed request in light of the bill that Congress passed last month requiring the Justice Department to release all of its records related to Epstein.

Link: https://www.latimes.com/california/story/2025-12-05/two-people-killed-another-injured-in-pacific-coast-highway-crash
Article: along with the Oxnard Fire Department and Federal Fire Ventura County to a traffic collision near the 9000 block of Pacific Coast Highway, according to Ventura County Fire Department spokesperson Andrew Dowd.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/mlb/nl-west-team-hires-another-former-catcher-to-its-front-office-11159972
Article: More news: Blue Jays Pitcher Retires Immediately After World Series Coincidentally, Casali was the backup catcher to current Giants president of baseball operations Buster Posey before Posey retired following the 2021 season.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/jeffrey-epstein-files-update-jury-transcript-ghislaine-maxwell-11165105
Article: A federal judge in Florida on Friday ordered the release of grand jury transcripts from the federal sex-trafficking cases of Jeffrey Epstein and Ghislaine Maxwell, ruling that a new law requiring the records’ disclosure overrides longstanding rules that keep grand jury proceedings secret.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/betting/bet365-bonus-code-week365-claim-150-bonus-for-nba-cfb-games-365-missouri-offer-11164885
Article: You could place a small wager on the heavily-favored Celtics to cover the -7 spread at home, or perhaps on the Lakers' Austin Reaves (28.9 PPG) to have a big night. For instance, you might feel strongly that Donovan Mitchell, who is averaging a massive 30.7 points per game, can single-handedly lead the short-handed Cavaliers past a Spurs team missing its star in Victor Wembanyama (12.9 RPG, 3.6 BPG). NBA Odds for December 5, 2025 Here's a look at the lines for tonight's games, with all odds provided by bet365: Lakers @ Celtics (12:00 AM UTC) Spread: Celtics -7 (-110) | Lakers +7 (-110) Total: Over/Under 225.5 (-110) Spurs @ Cavaliers (12:30 AM UTC) Spread: Cavaliers -3.5 (-110) | Spurs +3.5 (-110) Total: Over/Under 238.5 (-110) A historic rivalry is renewed at TD Garden, but both teams are navigating significant injury concerns that could impact the matchup. The Celtics will be without Jayson Tatum (Achilles) and could also be missing Jaylen Brown (Day To Day), who has been spectacular this season, averaging 29.0 points and 4.8 assists. With your offer selected, you are all set to place your first wager on the Lakers-Celtics showdown or any other exciting NBA action tonight.Once your account is funded, you can choose from available welcome promotions.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/fox-news-host-confronts-bongino-with-old-jan-6-pipe-bomb-cover-up-remark-11164625
Article: Fox News host Sean Hannity asked FBI Deputy Director Dan Bongino about his past comments alleging there was a "massive cover-up" in the case of who planted pipe bombs outside the Democratic and Republican national committee offices one day before the Jan. You said that, you know, long before you were even thought of as deputy FBI director." Last year, Bongino said on his podcast that there was "a massive cover-up" in the case, which was an "inside job," The Independent reported. Earlier this year, Bongino told his audience that the FBI knew the identity of the suspect and "just doesn’t want to tell us because it was an inside job," the outlet reported. Cole Jr, a 30-year-old Woodbridge, Virginia resident who is accused of placing two pipe bombs near the offices of the Democratic and Republican national committees on the evening of January 5, 2021. "I think as, again, legal process starts to service and information and facts start to come out, the public’s going to be very comfortable with the investigation that was conducted under Director Patel," Bongino said. A criminal complaint filed in the case said Cole "purchased multiple items consistent with the components that were used to manufacture the pipe bombs placed at the RNC and DNC." These items included galvanized pipes, nine-volt battery connectors and electrical wire, according to the complaint. I want to thank the FBI employees who worked on this over the years, our law enforcement partners who assisted in the investigation, and the American people for the tips they shared with us." U.S. FBI and members of my office worked around the clock to methodically piece together the clues that ultimately identified the defendant." What Happens Next The incident remains under investigation by the FBI Washington Field Office, the U.S.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nba/lakers-unfortunate-lebron-james-update-celtics-11165043
Article: "You just wake up with [expletive] that you didn’t have the night before." That was in regard to James’ foot injury, which has been a lingering minor concern, according to LA’s head coach, JJ Redick.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/couple-try-to-build-snowman-in-their-back-yard-dog-has-other-ideas-11164290
Article: Emily and her boyfriend bundled up for a cold, Chicago day—the worst start to the city's winter in 150 years—and embraced their inner child by building a snowman in the backyard. "So this was definitely one of the biggest amounts she’s seen before!" In a video posted to Emily's TikTok account @rohloemily on December 1, the couple began forming the base of the snowman by rolling the snow across the yard, adding mounds to it as they went. The text on the clip read: "Sorry, no snowmen allowed." "It was her first time trying to build a snowman, and she’s just a very playful girl and loves being included in anything and everything we do, so she just wanted to get in on the fun," Emily said. "HOA around here is strict," joked one person, while another said: "I agree, there's enough men here." Defending the dog, someone wrote: "He tried to save the man y'all stuffed in the snow, he’s actually a trained rescue dog, dontcha know?" Do you have funny and adorable videos or pictures of your pet you want to share?

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/ncaa/insider-info-sheds-light-on-floridas-attempt-to-land-lincoln-riley-11164864
Article: There were some rumblings that Florida wasn't interested in speaking with Riley in its coaching search, but former Gators quarterback Danny Wuerffel says that couldn't be further from the truth. More Football: Florida Legend Steve Spurrier Calls Out Lane Kiffin’s LSU Move While Florida missed out on both Riley and Kiffin, Wuerffel is happy with how the Gators' coaching search ultimately played out. "I'd say this, from where I'm standing now, and from all the things I've seen the last two weeks, I couldn't be more pleased that the process led us to Jon Sumrall," he said.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/the-truth-about-new-clips-from-titanic-harry-potter-and-home-alone-11164723
Article: One video purports to show behind-the-scenes footage of Home Alone, while several others appear to depict the cast members of Harry Potter and Titanic filming the more elaborate ship sinking and magical scenes from the well-known films. All happened in a swimming pool.” Geetha Rajan, a San Francisco-based AI strategic advisor to Fortune 500 companies and director of corporate strategy at Freshworks, said the new and emerging clips show how AI has moved from being a back-office productivity tool to something used for “pure entertainment.” “Someone’s taking iconic movie scenes and reimagining them with AI video generators - it’s basically fan fiction, but visual,” Rajan told Newsweek. What People Are Saying Geetha Rajan, a San Francisco-based AI strategic advisor to Fortune 500 companies and director of corporate strategy at Freshworks, told Newsweek: “The quality has gotten good enough that most people watching these clips aren’t immediately thinking ‘that’s fake.’ … We’re starting to see real questions around IP and what counts as derivative work… Creating video content used to require entire production teams - now it requires a decent text prompt and some patience.” What Happens Next Rajan said viewers can still tell AI apart from reality with a few key details.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/betting/caesars-sportsbook-promo-code-newswk20x-double-winnings-for-nba-ncaaf-title-games-11164775
Article: Let's take a look at some of the popular parlays for tonight's NBA slate: Cavaliers moneyline, Donovan Mitchell 30+ points and 6+ assists, Evan Mobley 20+ points and 12+ rebounds (+1450) Lakers, Heat, Nuggets, Cavaliers and Pistons all win (+2388) Nuggets moneyline, Nikola Jokic 30+ points and 12+ rebounds, Jamal Murray 20+ points and 7+ assists (+625) Payton Pritchard and Jamal Murray EACH 4+ made threes, Jalen Brunson and Austin Reaves EACH 3+ made threes (+1260) Caesars Bet Boosts For NBA, CFB, NFL Make sure to check out the bet boosts that are available throughout the weekend, too: Heat, Cavaliers, Nuggets and Pistons all win (+725) Derrick White and Payton Pritchard EACH over 19.5 points (+475) Texas Tech, Alabama and Ohio State all win (+300) Georgia to win by 13-18 (+750) Indiana and Duke EACH cover +4.5 (+250) Ravens, Vikings, Jaguars and Browns all win (+700) Colts win and Daniel Jones over 219.5 passing yards (+200) Jonathan Taylor, James Cook and De'Von Achane EACH over 69.5 rushing yards (+180) Register With Caesars Sportsbook Promo Code NEWSWK20X Click here or on any of the other links on this page to get set up with this offer. Follow these steps to get started in time for this weekend's games: Enter the code NEWSWK20X Provide identifying information (Name, birth date, address, etc.) Make a deposit with a secure payment method (Credit/debit card, online banking, etc.) Place your initial $1 bet to get the 20 100 percent profit boosts Use your tokens within 14 days before they expire from your account Newsweek may earn an affiliate commission if you sign up through the links in this article.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/betting/betr-promo-code-newsweek-claim-210-bonus-for-cfb-nba-nfl-week-14-11164674
Article: Kawhi Leonard: 16.5 points + rebounds (Discount) Kevin Durant: 21.5 points (Discount) Shai Gilgeous-Alexander: 28.5 points (Discount) Nikola Jokic: 45.5 points + assists (Nuke) De’Aaron Fox: 30.5 points (Nuke) Josh Giddey: 40.5 points + rebounds (Nuke) Evan Mobley: 4.5 rebounds (Anchor) Austin Reaves: 31.5 points Tyler Herro: 2.5 three pointers Karl-Anthony Towns: 1.5 steals + blocks Using the 2-Pick Mystery Multiplier There are several other promotions available on Betr following the welcome bonus.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/wrestling/john-cena-on-why-he-wont-change-anything-in-final-wwe-year-11164927
Article: Whether it means anything to anyone else or me, I like to know that there is not a moment we’re not thinking of and we’re doing everything we can,” Cena said. More news: Nikki Bella Reunites With Ex-Boyfriend At WWE Raw The "Greatest of All Time" also addressed fan disappointment regarding the location of his final match, which is set for Washington, D.C., rather than his hometown of Boston.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/betting/draftkings-missouri-promo-code-claim-300-bonus-for-nba-ncaaf-nfl-week-14-11164647
Article: Whether it is an NBA game tonight, one of the college football conference championship games or an NFL Week 14 game, you will easily be able to activate this offer. DraftKings Friday Promos Make sure to capitalize on in-app promos for tonight and throughout the weekend: NBA Mystery Friday Offer: Get a bonus bet, SGP(x) profit boost or an all-purpose profit boost CFB Mystery Boost: Get up to a 50% boost for a bet on one of tonight's college football games Gonzaga-Kentucky 25% Boost: Get a 25% boost for a bet on Gonzaga-Kentucky tonight Scoring Stack: Choose your profit boost for an NFL touchdown scorer parley (3 legs for 30%, 4 legs for 40%, 5 legs for 50%) CFB Championship Weekend Profit Boost: Get a profit boost for a bet on one of the college football championship games this weekend UFC 323 30% Boost: Get a 30% profit boost for any winning method bet for UFC 323 Steps To Register With DraftKings Missouri Promo Code Offer Create your new account and claim this offer by clicking here and going through the registration process: Enter basic identifying information (Name, age, address, etc.) Make a deposit with a compatible payment method (Credit/debit card, online banking, etc.) Place your initial $5 bet to get the $300 in bonus bets Gambling problem?

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nfl/green-bay-packers-matt-lafleur-cryptic-jayden-reed-update-11164882
Article: Read more: Adam Schefter Gets Honest About Vikings, Justin Jefferson Trade Rumors Matt LaFleur and company have looked like a legitimate Super Bowl contender throughout much of the season thus far. Read more: Micah Parsons Doesn’t Hold Back About Penn State Coaching Search In the first two games of the season, Reed caught three passes for 45 yards and a touchdown.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/ncaa/penn-state-finalizing-deal-with-matt-campbell-as-head-coach-report-11164772
Article: More news: Penn State Shifts Focus to Big 12 Coach as Talks Begin: Report Penn State was one of the first big programs to fire its head coach during the season, yet it has been one of the last to name the replacement. He has done well at a school that had six straight losing seasons before he arrived at Iowa State, though Campbell is stepping into a whole new world at Penn State.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/ncaa/jam-miller-bad-news-georgia-alabama-crimson-tide-11164682
Article: More News: CFP Committee Explains Controversial Notre Dame-Alabama Decision Per an update on Jam Miller by Pete Thamel of ESPN, the Crimson Tide running back is not expected to play against Georgia. "Sources: Alabama tailback Jam Miller (lower leg) faces long odds to be available against Georgia on Saturday in the SEC title game, as he's listed as questionable," Thamel posted on X. "He's expected back for the postseason, as the injury isn't considered serious." The Crimson Tide are expected to lean on third-string running back Daniel Hill on Saturday, as redshirt freshman Kevin Riley is out with a broken jaw. "They've been 8-1 when he plays, as he missed nearly the first month of the season." Hill, a freshman from Northport, Alabama, has rushed 56 times for 222 yards and two touchdowns this season. Alabama's running game has been criticized by the CFP selection committee this season, and it'll be interesting to see how they judge the Crimson Tide on Sunday amid troubling injuries in the backfield.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/mlb/yankees-at-risk-of-losing-26-year-old-with-devastating-slider-insiders-11164415
Article: There are some good Yankees farmhands still available for other teams to select, however, and the site experts at MLB Pipeline believe a Triple-A reliever with some impressive peripheral stats could be on the move to a new organization. "He ran pretty even splits by relying on a tight mid-80s cutter against righties and mid-80s changeup with good armside fade against lefties, all while sporting a more mundane 92-94 four-seamer from a low arm slot. The deception can be an issue for his control, but it also could make him a plug-and-play option in an MLB bullpen." The embedded video above shows off that slider Dykstra and Borek are referencing, and it's a thing of beauty.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/ncaa/floridas-jon-sumrall-hire-prompts-dodged-a-bullet-comment-on-lane-kiffin-11164608
Article: He was obviously a top-tier coach that we went all in after...There was this paranoia or this furiousness that we screwed up the Lane thing, and who's this other guy [Sumrall]? We're thrilled with how it ended up." More Football: Florida Legend Steve Spurrier Calls Out Lane Kiffin’s LSU Move Wuerffel echoed these comments in a recent piece published on Florida's official website. But I'd say this, from where I'm standing now, and from all the things I've seen the last two weeks, I couldn't be more pleased that the process led us to Jon Sumrall." ...

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/world-cup-draw-fifa-donald-trump-peace-prize-11164671
Article: President Donald Trump was awarded the new FIFA Peace Prize on Friday at the 2026 World Cup draw, adding a Trump-centric twist to the event that sets matchups for the tournament. FIFA said the prize recognizes “individuals who have taken exceptional and extraordinary actions for peace and by doing so have united people across the world.” The award comes as Trump’s administration faces scrutiny over lethal strikes on suspected drug boats in the Caribbean and as the president steps up his rhetoric on immigration. The Nobel Peace Prize this year went to Venezuelan opposition leader María Corina Machado, who said she was dedicating part of the honor to Trump for “his decisive support of our cause.” This is a breaking news story.

Link: https://abc7.com/post/grand-jury-transcripts-abandoned-epstein-investigation-florida-ordered-released/18254466/
Article: Grand jury transcripts from abandoned Epstein investigation in Florida ordered released Democrats on the House Oversight Committee released more than 150 still images and over a dozen short videos of the Virgin Islands estate of convicted sex offender Jeffrey Epstein. District Judge Rodney Smith said a recently passed federal law ordering the release of records related to the cases overrode a federal rule prohibiting the release of matters before a grand jury. The Justice Department has requested the unsealing of documents from three Epstein-related separate cases: the 2006-2007 Florida grand jury investigation into Epstein, his 2019 sex trafficking case in New York and Ghislaine Maxwell's 2021 sex trafficking case, also in New York. The New York requests are pending, with the Justice Department facing a Monday deadline to make its final filing - a response to submissions by victims, Epstein's estate and Maxwell's lawyers.

Link: https://abc7.com/post/fifa-gives-president-donald-trump-peace-prize-departure-traditional-focus-sport/18254422/
Article: WASHINGTON -- President Donald Trump was awarded the new FIFA peace prize on Friday at the 2026 World Cup draw - giving the spectacle to set matchups for the quadrennial soccer tournament even more of a Trumpian flair. He and FIFA president Gianni Infantino are close allies, and Infantino had made clear that he thought Trump should have won the Nobel for his efforts to broker a ceasefire in Gaza. president was awarded the prize that Infantino said was a "beautiful medal for you that you can wear everywhere you want to go." Trump promptly placed the medal around his neck. president for his actions to "promote peace and unity around the world." President Donald Trump is presented with the inaugural FIFA Peace Prize during the 2026 FIFA World Cup draw at the Kennedy Center, Friday, Dec. AP Photo/Evan Vucci "This is what we want from a leader - a leader that cares about the people," Infantino said about Trump, who was also presented with a gold trophy with his name on it that depicts hands holding up the world. The FIFA leader said to Trump "this is your prize, this is your peace prize." Trump thanked his family, including his wife, first lady Melania Trump, and praised the leaders of the other two host nations - Canadian Prime Minister Mark Carney and Mexican President Claudia Sheinbaum - in his brief remarks, saying the coordination with the countries has been "outstanding." "This is truly one of the great honors of my life," Trump said. Trump Institute of Peace in Washington, where Trump and the leaders of the Democratic Republic of Congo and Rwanda signed a deal aimed at ending the conflict in eastern Congo. FIFA has described the prize as one that rewards "individuals who have taken exceptional and extraordinary actions for peace and by doing so have united people across the world." The award to Trump came during a week in which his administration has been engaged in shuttle diplomacy to try to end the war in Ukraine, while also under scrutiny for lethal strikes on alleged drug boats in the Caribbean and as Trump hardens his rhetoric against immigrants. The Nobel this year was eventually awarded to Venezuelan opposition leader Maria Corina Machado, who said shortly after receiving the prize that she was dedicating it in part to Trump for "his decisive support of our cause."

Link: https://abc11.com/post/michael-jordan-joe-gibbs-daughter-law-expected-testify-friday-nascar-antitrust-case/18253585/
Article: Michael Jordan and Joe Gibbs' daughter-in-law expected to testify Friday in NASCAR antitrust case Hamlin's 23XI Racing, which he co-owns with Michael Jordan, and Front Row Motorsports claim the series is a monopolistic bully. -- Michael Jordan and Joe Gibbs' daughter-in-law were expected to testify Friday on the fifth day of the federal antitrust case the Basketball Hall of Famer filed against NASCAR over claims the series has acted as monopolistic bullies. Heather Gibbs, the chief operating officer of Joe Gibbs Racing, wrote an impassioned letter to NASCAR chairman Jim France in May 2024 imploring him to make charters permanent for the sake of strengthening the family business. Charters are the equivalent of the franchise model used in other sports and in NASCAR it guarantees every chartered car a spot in all 38 races, plus a defined payout from NASCAR. When NASCAR refused to make them permanent and gave the teams six hours in September 2024 to sign the 112-page extension, 23XI and Front Row Motorsports were the only two organizations out of 15 to refuse and instead filed an antitrust suit. "So, with all due respect, please understand that when you tell us it doesn't make sense to partner with us after 7 years is dejecting and truly disappointing." The letter came up in Thursday in testimony by NASCAR President Steve O'Donnell, who was called as an adverse witness. O'Donnell in a text message told Ben Kennedy, nephew of Jim France, "Jim is now reading Heather's letter out loud and swearing every other sentence." Pressed by plaintiffs attorney Jeffrey Kessler as to what France was saying as he read the letter, O'Donnell said the chairman never swore. The teams had made specific requests in an attempt to improve their financial position, but the deal ultimately given to them on the eve of the start of the 2024 playoffs lacked most of their asks. He used internal communications among NASCAR executives to demonstrate frustration among non-France family members over the slow pace of negotiations and Jim France's refusal to grant the teams permanent charters. As O'Donnell, Commissioner Steve Phelps and others tried to find concessions for the teams, they all indicated they were met by resistance time and again by France and his niece, vice chair Lesa France Kennedy. Teams told NASCAR they were fighting for financial survival Earlier Thursday, O'Donnell testified that teams approached the sanctioning body in early 2022 asking for an improved revenue model, arguing the system was unsustainable. O'Donnell testified that in that first meeting, four-time series champion Jeff Gordon, now vice chair of Hendrick Motorsports, asked specifically if the France family was "open to a new model." Kennedy, great-grandson of NASCAR's founder, told Gordon yes. O'Donnell testified that NASCAR lost $55 million in the three years it held a race on the downtown streets of Chicago, and $6 million when it raced in June in Mexico City. Bell sided with Kessler and told NASCAR to figure it out with Penske because "federal trials are an inconvenience." The judge also said stretching the trial to three weeks is not acceptable, and while he's hesitant to step in to push the pace along, he urged both sides to counsel their witnesses to stop being "reluctant to answer even the most harmless questions."

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/nation/judge-orders-release-of-grand-jury-transcripts-from-abandoned-epstein-investigation-in-florida
Article: District Judge Rodney Smith said a recently passed federal law ordering the release of records related to the cases overrode a federal rule prohibiting the release of matters before a grand jury. The Justice Department has requested the unsealing of documents from three Epstein-related separate cases: the 2006-2007 Florida grand jury investigation into Epstein, his 2019 sex trafficking case in New York and Ghislaine Maxwell’s 2021 sex trafficking case, also in New York. The New York requests are pending, with the Justice Department facing a Monday deadline to make its final filing — a response to submissions by victims, Epstein’s estate and Maxwell’s lawyers.

Link: https://feeds.texastribune.org/link/16799/17224913/texas-democrats-decisions-supreme-court-redistricting
Article: Drawn at the behest of President Donald Trump, the new map is intended to yield more seats for the GOP in the coming midterm elections and would have pit Doggett against fellow Austin Democratic Rep. On Thursday, the Supreme Court said that the state can use the new map in 2026 — reversing a lower court ruling from last month that found the new boundaries be unconstitutional. “I will continue working with the same urgency and determination as if next year were my last, which in public office it will be,” Doggett said in a statement Friday. “After that, I will seek new ways to join my neighbors in making a difference in the only town I have ever called home.” Democratic campaign organizations, elected officials and candidates ripped the court decision as unfair. But with no further prospect of legal relief for this cycle, given that the filing deadline is Monday, Doggett and others are back to the reality they faced after the map’s passage: contemplating House retirement or primaries against fellow incumbents. And it also gives the GOP a better shot in Congressional Districts 28 and 34, both in South Texas, where they added Trump voters in districts that they considered to be tossups. Trump would have won each district by 10 percentage points under the new lines, but House Minority Leader Hakeem Jeffries, while slamming the redistricted map, pledged that the incumbents would win regardless. The winner will be in Congress for about a month before facing the prospect of a March 3 primary against Green, 79, who confirmed Friday he will run in the 18th Congressional District. Green said the redistricting and subsequent court ruling “only fuels the fire in my belly, the fire within me to continue to fight.” “We understand what the president’s goal is…to have me not serve in the Congress of the United States of America,” Green said. The 32nd congressional district, occupied by Johnson, was reconfigured to stretch into East Texas, transforming a seat former Vice President Kamala Harris won in 2024 by about 24 percentage points into one that President Donald Trump would have won by 18 percentage points. If she jumps into the Senate race — a decision she has said she is leaning toward — then the path is clear for Veasey and Johnson to run in different districts. “I’m running in TX-33 because these communities need someone who shows up, listens and never stops fighting for them — no matter how the lines are drawn.” But if Crockett decides to stay in the House, she could lay claim to either the 30th or the 33rd Congressional District, scrambling plans. Veasey does not intend to run against her, setting up either a primary between Veasey and Johnson, forcing one to either retire from Congress prematurely or face an uphill battle against a neighboring Republican. Texas Republicans’ actions kicked off a redistricting arms race around the country, including inspiring Democratic retaliation in California, which passed a ballot initiative to implement a new map seeking to yield five new Democratic seats.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/melania-trump-wishes-strength-toys-santa-visit-hospitalized-128150699
Article: Melania Trump has continued a decades-old first lady tradition of visiting with hospitalized children for the holidays First lady Melania Trump reads "How Does Santa Go Down the Chimney?" to children and their families at Children's National Hospital, Friday, Dec. (AP Photo/Allison Robbert) WASHINGTON -- WASHINGTON (AP) — Melania Trump on Friday visited a children's hospital and wished the patients strength and lots of toys from Santa Claus as she continued a decades-old tradition for first ladies. Trump sat in a big red chair in front of a tall Christmas tree and read, “How Does Santa Go Down the Chimney?” by Mac Barnett, for about two dozen child patients and others in the audience. After closing the book, she wished the children strength and “lots of toys." “I'm sure Santa will visit all of you this Christmas and bring you a lot of toys, so i wish you all a very merry Christmas and happy new year,” she said. The Santa Claus in the room slipped her a gold-colored coin that said, “Believe” and “Merry Christmas.” She brought gifts for the patients, including tree ornaments stamped with “Be Best,” the name of her child well-being initiative.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Health/wireStory/settling-fraud-case-ny-medicare-advantage-insurer-ceo-117094516
Article: A western New York health insurance provider for seniors and the CEO of its medical analytics arm have agreed to pay a total of up to $100 million to settle Justice Department allegations of fraudulent billing for health conditions that were exaggerated or didn't exist. "Today's result sends a clear message to the Medicare Advantage community that the United States will take appropriate action against those who knowingly submit inflated claims for reimbursement," Michael Granston, a Department of Justice (DOJ) deputy assistant attorney general, said in announcing the settlement on December 20. This settlement is not an admission of any wrongdoing; it instead allows us to avoid the further disruption, expense, and uncertainty of litigation in a matter that has lingered for over a decade." Under the settlement, Independent Health will make "guaranteed payments" of $34.5 million in installments from 2024 through 2028. Michael Ronickher, an attorney for whistleblower Teresa Ross, called the settlement "historic," saying it was the largest payment yet by a health plan based solely on a whistleblower's fraud allegations. Ross said that CMS "created a bounty" for health plans that added medical diagnosis codes as they reviewed patients' charts -- and whether those codes were accurate or not "didn't seem to bother some people." "Billions of dollars are being paid out by CMS for diagnoses that don't exist," Ross told KFF Health News in an interview. DxID specialized in mining electronic medical records to capture new diagnoses for patients -- pocketing up to 20% of the money it generated for the health plan, according to the suit, which said Independent Health used the firm from 2010 through 2017. "There is no upfront fee, we don't get paid until you get paid and we work on a percentage of the actual proven recoveries," Gaffney said, according to the complaint. The settlement simply resolves a dispute and provides closure to the parties." 'A Ton of Money' CMS uses a complex formula that pays health plans higher rates for sicker patients and less for people in good health. Independent Health violated those rules by billing Medicare for a range of medical conditions that either were exaggerated or not supported by patient medical files, such as billing for treating chronic depression that had been resolved, according to the complaint. The suit alleges that Gaffney said renal failure diagnoses were "worth a ton of money to IH [Independent Health] and the majority of people (over) 70 have it at some level." Ross filed the whistleblower case in 2012 against Group Health Cooperative in Seattle, one of the nation's oldest managed-care groups. Ross, a former medical coding manager there, alleged that DxID submitted more than $30 million in disease claims -- many of which were not valid -- on behalf of Group Health for 2010 and 2011. For instance, Ross alleged that the plan billed for "major depression" in a patient described by his doctor as having an "amazingly sunny disposition." Group Health, now known as the Kaiser Foundation Health Plan of Washington, denied wrongdoing. Ross, 60, said she is now "happily retired." False Claims Whistleblowers sue under the False Claims Act, a federal law dating to the Civil War that allows private citizens to expose fraud against the government and share in any recovery. At least two dozen such suits, some dating to 2009, have targeted Medicare Advantage plans for overstating the severity of medical conditions, a practice known in the industry as "upcoding." Previous settlements from such suits have totaled more than $600 million. In a surprise action in late January 2023, CMS announced that it would settle for a fraction of the estimated tens of millions of dollars in overpayments uncovered through its audits dating to 2011 and not impose major financial penalties on health plans until a round of audits for 2018 payments, which have yet to be done. KFF Health News is a national newsroom that produces in-depth journalism about health issues and is one of the core operating programs at KFF -- an independent source of health policy research, polling, and journalism.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/05/who-cares-if-ai-is-a-bubble-citi-says-manias-can-be-quite-profitable.html
Article: equity market has triggered our definition of a bubble, which creates some risks, it is important to stress that bubbles are at first typically quite profitable," Willer wrote to clients in a note on Thursday. "We therefore would not overstress the recent AI wobbles, as they are unlikely to herald the end of the bubble." Willer said Citi's equity strategist is focused more closely now on corporate profits than the bubble popping. Fed fund futures trading shows Wall Street almost universally expecting a quarter percentage point interest rate reduction, to a fed funds rate of 3.50%-3.75%, at the central bank's last policy meeting of the year next week, according to the CME FedWatch tool.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/05/salesforce-shares-heading-for-best-week-since-2023-after-earnings-beat.html
Article: Although the artificial intelligence boom has pushed several tech companies into record surges, cloud software firms have seen a rocky year as investors wonder whether AI will render the industry obsolete. "At the same time, we believe CRM will remain fiscally disciplined and that it can continue to drive higher operating and FCF margins." Analysts highlighted Salesforce's AI platform Agentforce, which builds agents that automates business tasks and streamline workflow.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/politics/donald-trump/fifa-world-cup-draw-washington-donald-trump-peace-prize-rcna247416
Article: WASHINGTON — The FIFA World Cup draw Friday will be viewed by millions around the globe, but the high-profile event appears to be tailored to one key player: President Donald Trump. The celebrity-packed ceremony will determine which national teams are sorted into various groups for the 2026 men’s tournament, resulting in a schedule for most of the 48 countries that will participate. Andrea Bocelli, one of Trump’s favorite performers, is set to perform, and the Village People will conclude the draw with Trump’s anthem, “Y.M.C.A.” It will be held at the Kennedy Center in the nation’s capital, where FIFA President Gianni Infantino will debut the organization’s inaugural “Peace Prize.” The White House hasn’t denied reports that Trump, who hasn’t been shy about his desire for the Nobel Prize of the same name, is set to receive it. He even showed up at the Gaza peace summit in Egypt in October and has said Trump “deserves” the Nobel Peace Prize for his “decisive actions” on the ceasefire agreement between Israel and Hamas. While Infantino wasn’t able to sway the Nobel committee, FIFA announced its own, brand-new award last month, which is described as a way to recognize “exceptional actions for peace and unity.” Global politics will be at play, as well. Trump has dedicated a significant amount of time to sporting events in his second term so far, appearing at the Super Bowl, the Daytona 500, the NCAA men’s wrestling championship, UFC fights, the FIFA Club World Cup final, the U.S. More than 1 million tickets have sold for the 2026 World Cup, which starts in June, and revenues for FIFA alone are expected to top $10 billion, according to the London-based agency Pitch Marketing Group.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/politics/elections/indiana-house-passes-new-republican-drawn-congressional-map-rcna246750
Article: The Indiana House on Friday approved a new congressional map designed to net Republicans two seats, setting up a clash over the redistricting effort pushed by President Donald Trump in the state Senate. But Republican leaders in the Indiana Senate have said there is not enough support for the map, which is designed to give the GOP control of all nine of the state's congressional districts. At least 11 elected Republicans in Indiana have been the victim of "swatting" attempts, which is when false police reports are made in an effort to draw an alarming law enforcement response, and other threats. Asked by a Democratic colleague if public funds were spent to draw the map, Smaltz said he did not know who had paid for national group to draw the map. "Imagine having to be a member of Congress, and when considering issues, having to represent communities in the middle of Indianapolis and communities in the rural areas down along the river, that’s a really hard thing to do," he said.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/ncaa/heisman-winner-has-blunt-cfp-warning-for-kalen-deboers-alabama-11165262
Article: Read more: Notre Dame RB Jeremiyah Love Gives Clear Response on CFP Debate However, a former Heisman winner believes everyone needs to pump the brakes when it comes to these teams' playoff scenarios. "If they play a close game, then they'll probably get the nod and be in the CFP," Howard suggested, adding, "But if they get boatraced by Georgia, then there's a strong chance they would get left out of CFP." He called the Crimson Tide's loss to Florida earlier this season the "anchor" regarding their CFP picture, calling it a "huge loss" that has held them down. "If they get boatraced tomorrow and that's gonna be the last image that the selection committee has of this team, then I think when they go into the vote, then Alabama stands a chance of being left out of the playoff," he said, reminding everyone it happened to their CFP hopes last season when they lost to a "really bad Oklahoma team." Smith mentioned that DeBoer's 10-2 Alabama team already beat Georgia on the road this season and called it a "shame" if they don't get into the CFP bracket. As of this report, the odds are only 2.5 points in the Bulldogs' favor, suggesting it could be a close game, like the Tide would need to be in to get into the CFP.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/mlb/mets-predicted-to-sign-framber-valdez-to-7-year-218-million-deal-11164405
Article: With Dylan Cease already signing this winter and other pitchers such as Sonny Gray and Johan Oviedo being traded to the Boston Red Sox, the starting pitching market is already in motion. "Framber Valdez to the New York Mets for 7 years, $218 million: The Mets need an ace at the top of the rotation and Valdez can be just that," Bowden wrote for The Athletic. "His high ground-ball rate and ability to miss bats, combined with his ability to pitch in big games, bode well for him pitching in Queens." Valdez would make a lot of sense in the rotation for the Mets as the team desperately needs an ace.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nfl/cowboys-fans-angry-over-att-stadiums-world-cup-name-change-11165125
Article: AT&T Stadium, home of the Dallas Cowboys, is one of the premier venues in the NFL, so it’s easy to understand why FIFA chose the site to host nine World Cup games this summer. Because of a FIFA rule that doesn’t allow non-sponsor corporate names on World Cup venues, the stadium will temporarily be called “Dallas Stadium” over the summer during World Cup competition. Though AT&T Stadium is technically located in Arlington, Texas, roughly 20 miles west of downtown Dallas, many Cowboys fans and residents of the area expressed their frustration over the temporary name change on social media this week after Fox 4 reported about the covering of the AT&T logos. More News: Chiefs Exec: Travis Kelce Drew Firm Taylor Swift Boundary With Team More News: Deion Sanders Under Fire for Colorado’s Massive $27 Million Financial Loss “Fifa should either adjust its rule or choose stadiums they can use the real name of,” one fan wrote. More News: New Favorite Surging for Penn State Job After Sitake, Brohm Rejections “Arlington taxpayer had to pay for half that stadium and they don’t even get their name on it 😆,” one user pointed out. Given the uproar over the venue’s temporary new name, perhaps Arlington Stadium or Texas Stadium would have been better options, though Arlington mayor Jim Ross doesn’t see it as big of a deal as some are making it out to be.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/ncaa/dan-lanning-oregon-make-program-history-with-massive-26-recruiting-haul-11164432
Article: 13-ranked QB in the country) and multiple four-star pieces across skill, line, and secondary positions (Tradarian Ball, Messiah Hampton, Tommy Tofi, Xavier Lherisse, etc.) have also committed to the program. Read More: Lane Kiffin Faces Concerning Development With LSU Coaching Staff Hired at Oregon in December 2021 after a successful run as Georgia’s defensive coordinator, Lanning produced sustained winning (.868 overall win percentage) and has now overseen multiple consecutive top-5 recruiting classes, establishing Oregon as a consistent national recruiting force. Read More: Vanderbilt QB Diego Pavia Makes Urgent Plea to CFP Selection Committee Oregon finished the 2025 regular season 11-1 (8-1 Big Ten), capping the schedule with a 26-14 win at Washington to reach 11 wins for the third straight year. With an 11-1 resume and top-5 placement, Oregon is strongly positioned for an at-large CFP berth — but nothing is final until the committee’s next release after the championship games.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/back-to-back-atmospheric-rivers-slam-us-live-tracker-maps-11164312
Article: The Pacific Northwest will get hammered by significant rainfall and strong winds beginning Friday as the first of two atmospheric rivers arrives, with a second, stronger storm set to hit on Monday. Atmospheric rivers are a "long, narrow region in the atmosphere—like rivers in the sky—that transport most of the water vapor outside of the tropics," according to the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration. Rivers draining the Coast Range and Willapa Hills have a 10-25% chance of reaching moderate flood stage and a 8-15% chance of reaching major flood stage." Cook warned that landslides also would be possible.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/local/dallas-county/dallas-judge-amber-givens-resigns-challenge-district-attorney-john-creuzot-in-primary/287-9621d2a2-b9af-4e41-9eb5-7e151be54166
Article: DALLAS — Dallas County District Judge Amber Givens, who has been the subject of controversy, says she's resigned to challenge incumbent Dallas County District Attorney John Creuzot in the March 3, 2026 Democratic primary to determine Dallas' next top prosecutor. Givens, who presided over the 282nd District Court in Dallas County and was first elected to the bench in 2014, has previously been reprimanded by the Texas State Commission on Judicial Conduct. Givens called the reprimand a "politically-motivated attack." Givens also received a public admonishment from the State Commission on Judicial Conduct for ordering one man jailed and another arrested for insufficient bail in 2023 despite having recused herself from the cases and lacking "the legal authority to act in both cases," according to a filing with the State Commission on Judicial Conduct. She said she's running for district attorney "not to escape the fire, but because I have learned to stand in it." "If the last five years have shown you anything about me, let it be this: I am committed to seeking justice — not because it is easy, but because it is necessary," Givens wrote in a post on social media.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/football/articles/cy5gw0wv5zqo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: The USA was not doing well a year ago; now we are the hottest country in the world right now." The 2026 World Cup will be co-hosted by the United States, Canada and Mexico, and will take place between June 11 and July 19.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/politics/supreme-court-will-decide-whether-trumps-birthright-citizenship-order-violates-the-constitution
Article: WASHINGTON (AP) — The Supreme Court agreed Friday to take up the constitutionality of President Donald Trump’s order on birthright citizenship declaring that children born to parents who are in the United States illegally or temporarily are not American citizens. But the Supreme Court allowed the resumption of sweeping immigration stops in the Los Angeles area after a lower court blocked the practice of stopping people solely based on their race, language, job or location. His order would upend more than 125 years of understanding that the Constitution’s 14th Amendment confers citizenship on everyone born on American soil, with narrow exceptions for the children of foreign diplomats and those born to a foreign occupying force. In a series of decisions, lower courts have struck down the executive order as unconstitutional, or likely so, even after a Supreme Court ruling in late June that limited judges’ use of nationwide injunctions. Every lower court that has looked at the issue has concluded that Trump’s order violates or likely violates the 14th Amendment, which was intended to ensure that Black people, including former slaves, had citizenship. “The Fourteenth Amendment’s Citizenship Clause was adopted to grant citizenship to newly freed slaves and their children—not…to the children of aliens illegally or temporarily in the United States,” top administration top Supreme Court lawyer, D.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/nation/virginia-man-charged-with-planting-pipe-bombs-on-eve-of-jan-6-attack-appears-in-court
Article: WASHINGTON (AP) — A Virginia man on Friday made his first court appearance on charges that he planted a pair of pipe bombs outside the headquarters of the Republican and Democratic national parties in Washington on the eve of a mob’s attack on U.S. An FBI affidavit says investigators identified Cole as a suspect through analysis of credit card charges related to the purchase of pipe bomb components, cellphone towers and a license plate reader. Cole also indicated that he believed the 2020 election was stolen and expressed views supportive of President Donald Trump, said the people, who were not authorized to discuss by name an ongoing investigation and spoke on condition of anonymity. Federal authorities have not publicly disclosed any information about a possible motive or whether there is any connection to the attack on the Capitol the following day by Trump supporters. The arrest marks the first time investigators have publicly identified a suspect in an act that has been an enduring mystery for nearly five years in the shadow of the violent Capitol attack.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/science/photos-the-last-supermoon-of-2025-illuminates-december-night-skies
Article: Here’s what you saw Approximately 12 hours prior, the moon passed its perigee — the closest point to Earth — with the Earth-moon distance being less than 360,000 kilometers, meeting the common definition of a supermoon and ranking as the second largest full moon of the year. That time, the interval between passing perigee and the full moon will be only about six or seven hours, making it even closer than both occurrences this year,” Kou said.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/1-set-human-remains-found-san-diego-property/story?id=128107090
Article: Days after law enforcement descended on a San Diego, California, property to search for human remains, authorities said the search is over and one set of human remains was found.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/05/trump-birthright-citizenship-supreme-court.html
Article: The Supreme Court on Friday said it will hear arguments in a case that will determine if President Donald Trump can undo automatic citizenship for people born in the United States. The Citizenship Clause in that amendment says, "All persons born or naturalized in the United States, and subject to the jurisdiction thereof, are citizens of the United States." The Supreme Court, which is expected to rule next year, will determine if Trump's executive order complies with that amendment. if their mother "was unlawfully present in the United States and the person's father was not a United States citizen or lawful permanent resident at the time of said person's birth," or when the baby's "mother's presence in the United States was lawful but temporary, and the person's father was not a United States citizen or lawful permanent resident at the time." Several federal district court judges have found the order violated the Constitution, and two federal circuit courts of appeals upheld injunctions blocking the order from taking effect.\

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/05/shares-of-this-old-school-manufacturer-are-turning-around-carter-worth-says-its-a-buy.html
Article: Old-line manufacturer of adhesives, labels and other materials Avery Dennison (AVY) is judged to be in the throes of a "Bearish-to-Bullish" Reversal, with the prospective completion of the current bottoming-our process implying a move to the $205+/- level. All opinions expressed by the CNBC Pro contributors are solely their opinions and do not reflect the opinions of CNBC, NBC UNIVERSAL, their parent company or affiliates, and may have been previously disseminated by them on television, radio, internet or another medium.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/05/these-dividend-aristocrats-also-consistently-buy-back-their-stocks-says-wolfe.html
Article: "We are cautious about the remainder of the year primarily due to continued headwinds in the China market and the impact of weakening new home construction on residential water heating in North America," CEO Steve Shafer said in the earnings release.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/politics/supreme-court/supreme-court-decide-trump-can-limit-constitutional-right-citizenship-rcna244701
Article: WASHINGTON — Teeing up a blockbuster ruling, the Supreme Court on Friday agreed to decide the lawfulness of President Donald Trump’s contentious plan to roll back automatic birthright citizenship for nearly anyone born in the United States. The case sets up a major clash between a president whose aggressive use of executive power has been a defining characteristic of his second term and a court with a 6-3 conservative majority that has so far mostly avoided direct clashes with the White House. Birthright citizenship has long been understood to be required under the Constitution’s 14th Amendment, which states: “All persons born or naturalized in the United States, and subject to the jurisdiction thereof, are citizens of the United States.” The language was included in the constitutional amendment enacted after the Civil War to ensure that Black former slaves and their children were recognized as citizens. Legal scholars of all ideological stripes have generally assumed the phrase to be self-explanatory, with the only exceptions being people born to foreign diplomats, invading hostile forces and members of some Native American tribes. John Sauer, is that the “subject to the jurisdiction thereof” language confers citizenship upon only children who are not just present in the United States but also bear allegiance to it. Trump's executive order runs "squarely contrary to the constitutional text, this court’s precedents, Congress’s dictates, longstanding Executive Branch practice, scholarly consensus, and well over a century of our nation’s everyday practice," the challengers' lawyers wrote in court papers. A ruling on the president’s broad use of tariffs is due at any time, while the justices are also set to weigh in on his authority to fire members of executive government entities, including the Federal Reserve, in the coming months.

Link: https://www.latimes.com/entertainment-arts/story/2025-12-05/frank-gehry-architect-dead-disney-hall
Article: Gehry, who brought an alluringly new kind of shape-making to his profession even as he fundamentally changed the reputation and civic landscape of his adopted hometown of Los Angeles in such projects as the shimmering Walt Disney Concert Hall on Grand Avenue, has died. as an aimless teenager just after World War II and went on to become the most famous and one of the most influential architects in the world over a prolific six-decade career, died Friday at his home in Santa Monica following a brief respiratory illness, Gehry Partners chief of staff Meaghan Lloyd confirmed to The Times. This phase, in which his firm, Gehry Partners, pioneered new ways of using technology to help realize geometrically complex buildings, began with the completion of an ambitious satellite branch of the Guggenheim Museum in Bilbao, Spain. (Santiago Lyon / Associated Press) The new Guggenheim suggested a fresh, dynamic direction: architecture whose appeal resided in the ravishing large-scale curves made possible with digital design software and almost perfectly suited to architectural photography and display in the pages of newspapers and magazines. Suddenly cities and museums were clamoring to hire Gehry — or some other member of the growing class of top-tier star architects, or “starchitects” — to try to replicate the windfall of attention and tourism dollars the new Guggenheim had produced. Some critics complained that Gehry’s firm, which had turned into a global powerhouse, was spreading his talents too thin, leading to disappointments such as the Experience Music Project in Seattle, finished in 2000. In projects like the Guggenheim branch in Abu Dhabi, commissioned in 2006, it was suggested that the huge budgets had raced past a clear idea of what the building would mean culturally or even what kind of artwork it would hold. Originally scheduled to open in 2012, the Guggenheim pushed back the opening date on multiple occasions, with 2026 currently serving as the target opening — 20 years after the project was announced. When it opened in the fall of 2014 in a quiet corner of the Bois de Boulogne, the large park on the west side of Paris, it suggested a newly refined, even urbane direction in Gehry’s late work. Advertisement The dramatic forms are still there, this time in glass, wrapping the body of the building like huge transparent sails, but they are part of an architectural composition as notable for its balance and elegance as for its boisterous energy. His most memorable rooms are as carefully and intelligently put together — and in their charismatic and forward-looking energy, as quintessentially American — as the most fluid descriptive prose by F. (Kent Nishimura / Los Angeles Times) California Review of Disney Hall: Reflection of the city around it Frank Gehrys Walt Disney Concert Hall is a powerful and madly exuberant work. (He would change his last name to Gehry in 1954.) Gehry’s father, Irving, was a salesman and truck driver who had trained as a boxer and moved to Canada from New York, his hometown, as a young man. Advertisement “Gehry says his urge to reinvent order was born in the back room of his grandfather’s hardware store in downtown Toronto,” Leon Whiteson wrote in The Times in 1989. “There he tinkered with dismembered clocks and toasters, and the pathos of dismantled gears, springs and wires infected him with a tenderness for mechanisms that spill their guts for all the world to see.” After finishing high school in 1947 at age 17, Gehry decided to move with his parents to L.A. It was Anita, Gehry said, who convinced him in 1954 to change his last name from Goldberg to the less Jewish-sounding name of Gehry, which is of Swiss German origin. Then a guy I knew came to me and said, ‘Change your name and we can start a partnership.’ That kind of stuff is what pushed my ex-wife to lobby for a name change, and why I finally gave in to it.” Advertisement Gehry earned a bachelor’s degree in architecture from USC in 1954. The first design to gain wide attention, a 1965 loft and studio for graphic designer Lou Danziger on a busy stretch of Melrose Avenue, was typical of this combination: A spare, even self-effacing stucco box, plain outside and filled with light and surprising spatial complexity inside, it looked Modern but also suggested sympathy for the postwar visual chaos of L.A. A house in Malibu for painter Ron Davis, completed in 1972 and featuring a trapezoidal frame, was among his first efforts to break from the Modernist box and move toward a more expressionistic architectural language. But it was the way he remodeled the Santa Monica house he shared with his second wife, Berta Aguilera, a native of Panama he married in 1975, that first brought him national and international attention. (A later reworking added chain-link fencing.) His inspiration was not any architectural theory or school so much as the workaday landscape of Southern California itself, the brash free-for-all he had noticed as soon as he arrived in L.A. He turned a warehouse in Little Tokyo into the Temporary Contemporary, later renamed the Geffen Contemporary, for the Museum of Contemporary Art (a building that was better received than the design of MOCA’s more formal main museum building by Japanese architect Arata Isozaki.) Throughout his career, Gehry would continue to show a knack for sensitively repurposing old buildings. Chun / Los Angeles Times) Voices Column: From bank to Burger King to handsome Frank Gehry-designed concert hall Smart adaptive reuse reimagines an old bank as a musical performance site for Gustavo Dudamel’s YOLA, in the process preserving a piece of Inglewood. In 1988, Gehry won a high-profile competition to design a new home for the Los Angeles Philharmonic on Grand Avenue in downtown L.A., an expansion of the Music Center campus next door. architect in the field, he beat out a group of finalists that included several of the biggest names in 1980s architecture, including Hans Hollein of Austria and London-based James Stirling. The jury citation read, in part, “Refreshingly original and totally American, proceeding as it does from his populist Southern California perspective, Gehry’s work is a highly refined, sophisticated and adventurous aesthetic that emphasizes the art of architecture.” Before Disney could be realized, the transformative Bilbao design helped make Gehry a household name. A review that appeared on the cover of the New York Times Magazine, written by the architecture critic Herbert Muschamp, carried the headline “The Miracle in Bilbao.” Frank Gehry peers through a model of his Grand Avenue Project in his architectural studio in May 2019. “This building’s design and construction,” Muschamp wrote, “have coincided with the waning of a period when American architecture spectacularly lost its way.” He called the museum not just “wondrous” but “a Lourdes for a crippled culture.” That rave notice and the many others that followed, along with the rapturous reports sent back by artists and tourists alike, helped shame L.A. And five years later, in 2003, the Gehry building that was supposed to precede the museum in Spain, clad in shimmering steel panels in place of Bilbao’s titanium, had opened at the top of Bunker Hill. to fully recognize the brilliance of an architect who since his teenage years had called the city home — and indeed had put a little bit of Southern California, its looseness and tolerance, into almost every building he designed.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/mlb/kyle-schwarber-leave-phillies-deal-at-winter-meetings-11162571
Article: Also, being in the profession, knowing a little bit more about the ins and outs, you always have to listen and keep different options open, and just see what happens." Schwarber is one of the best sluggers in the game, hitting 187 home runs in the last four years for the Phillies.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nfl/mike-tomlin-receives-major-update-on-questionable-steelers-future-11165491
Article: More NFL: Commanders’ Jayden Daniels Shockingly Cleared to Play Weeks After Brutal Injury The Steelers are currently 6-6 and are tied with the Baltimore Ravens for first place in the AFC North, and a loss on Sunday could tank their chances of a postseason berth. In terms of whether there could be, for instance, a trade, or Mike Tomlin could want to go someplace else, that is a conversation Mike would need to have with the organization," Pelissero said. More NFL: Cowboys Playoff Chances Plummet After Loss to Lions Tomlin is a mainstay head coach, but if he believes that his time with the Steelers is over, then it could be that he requests a trade or asks to move on.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/mlb/latest-kyle-schwarber-contract-update-reveals-desires-before-winter-meetings-insider-11165266
Article: He will be 33 before the start of next season, and a five-year deal would make it to where he would be bound to a team through his age 37 season.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/padres-projected-to-lose-75-million-veteran-pitcher-to-al-contender-11165163
Article: "With Tarik Skubal, Jack Flaherty and Casey Mize penciled into three spots in the Tigers rotation, adding at least one more proven veteran arm would allow Reese Olson, Troy Melton, Keider Montero and others to compete for one spot on the staff rather than two," Reuter wrote. "After finishing 22nd in the majors with just 814 1/3 innings of work from the starting rotation, it makes sense that the Tigers would be looking for another arm, and King is just a year removed from tossing 173 2/3 innings and finishing seventh in NL Cy Young voting." The Tigers could use another reliable veteran to add to their pitching rotation.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nfl/kevin-durant-makes-bold-declaration-about-chiefs-qb-patrick-mahomes-11165312
Article: Mahomes made a playoff appearance in each of his first eight seasons since entering the league in 2017, and the Chiefs haven't missed the playoffs as a franchise since 2014. During an episode of "Up & Adams" on Friday morning, host Kay Adams asked NBA superstar Kevin Durant if Mahomes' legacy is negatively affected if Kansas City misses the postseason this year. [Mahomes] is still an all-time great, potentially the greatest of all time." More Football: Florida Legend Steve Spurrier Calls Out Lane Kiffin’s LSU Move Mahomes and the Chiefs have lost three of their last four games, falling to the Buffalo Bills, Denver Broncos and Dallas Cowboys. More Football: Cowboys WR CeeDee Lamb Breaks Silence After Scary Concussion Mahomes and the Chiefs will look to get their 2025 NFL season back on track in a Week 14 matchup against the Houston Texans on Sunday night.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/supreme-court-to-review-trump-birthright-citizenship-order-11165448
Article: The Supreme Court agreed Friday to consider the constitutionality of President Donald Trump’s order ending birthright citizenship for children born in the United States to parents who are in the country illegally or only temporarily. 20, the first day of his second term, as part of a sweeping immigration crackdown that has included enforcement surges in several cities and the first peacetime use of the 18th-century Alien Enemies Act. The justices halted the administration’s use of the Alien Enemies Act to quickly deport alleged Venezuelan gang members without hearings, but they allowed immigration officers to resume broad stops in the Los Angeles area after a lower court barred the practice of targeting people based on race, language, job or location. The case now before the justices stems from New Hampshire, where a federal judge in July blocked Trump’s order in a class-action lawsuit representing all children who would be affected. For more than 125 years, courts and successive administrations have interpreted the amendment’s Citizenship Clause to confer citizenship at birth with only narrow exceptions, such as for children of foreign diplomats or occupying forces. The administration has argued that the children of noncitizens are not “subject to the jurisdiction” of the United States as required by the 14th Amendment’s citizenship clause, and therefore are not entitled to citizenship. “The Fourteenth Amendment’s Citizenship Clause was adopted to grant citizenship to newly freed slaves and their children — not to the children of aliens illegally or temporarily in the United States,” Solicitor General D.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/betting/all-in-with-ashley-nfl-week-14-preview-picks-with-jon-the-dad-11164367
Article: Ashley and Jon open the conversation with a look at his recent transition from a career in advertising to his successful start as a full-time social media personality (@jon.thedad on Instagram). Ashley and Jon talk through their differences as Eagles and Cowboys fans and hit several topics around the league, including the NFC East race, Jon's thoughts on Jerry Jones and more.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/phillies-linked-to-intriguing-27-year-old-star-hurler-in-free-agency-11164784
Article: Though most of the Phillies' offseason buzz has revolved around free agent slugger Kyle Schwarber, the team could end up needing a pitcher if Ranger Suárez walks in free agency. "If Schwarber signs and unclogs the market, expect others to fall -- either toward the end of the meetings or in the weeks leading up to Christmas," Passan wrote Friday. "Japanese right-hander Tatsuya Imai could wind up with a big-market team on the East Coast, and the New York Yankees -- with Gerrit Cole and Carlos Rodon expected to miss the start of the season -- New York Mets and Philadelphia are reasonable landing spots." The Saitama Seibu Lions posted Imai, a three-time NPB All-Star, in November. It will be interesting to see whether Philadelphia brings in the international star, who has made it clear he wants to defeat the Los Angeles Dodgers rather than join them.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/list-of-house-republicans-pushing-to-extend-obamacare-subsidies-11164680
Article: With enhanced Affordable Care Act premium subsidies set to expire at the end of 2025, a change analysts say would trigger steep premium hikes for many marketplace enrollees, several House Republicans are pressing to extend the tax credits. Health care is likely to be a major political issue in the 2026 midterm elections, when Democrats are hoping to reclaim a majority of seats in the House of Representatives and the Senate, while Republicans are working to retain them. Representatives Jen Kiggans, a Virginia Republican, and Democrat Josh Gottheimer are pushing a bipartisan House proposal, "CommonGround 2025," to extend enhanced Affordable Care Act premium tax credits while tightening eligibility for the subsidies, which is backed by over a dozen Republicans. Republicans who have signed on include Representatives Juan Ciscomani, Maria Salazar, Mike Lawler, Jefferson Van Drew, Tom Kean Jr., Jeff Hurd, David Valadao, Ryan MacKenzie, Carlos Gimenez, Monica de la Cruz, Robert Bresnahan, Don Bacon, Kevin Kiley, and Nick LaLota. What People Are Saying Representative Kevin Kiley said in a December 2 press release: “With 22 million Americans facing a massive increase in healthcare costs, doing nothing is not an option.” Representative Brian Fitzpatrick told CBS in December: "Can't say they agree with everything we're doing, but that's kind of the whole point, right? We're not going to allow the perfect to be the enemy of the good here." Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer said about Republicans: “They have no unity, they have no consensus. It’s the most major issue facing the American people and they can’t get their act together.” Representative Jen Kiggans said: “40,000 people in my district who rely on this health care. Doing nothing to prevent a spike in their premiums is wrong.” A group of thirteen House Republicans wrote in an October letter to Speaker Johnson: “Let us be clear: significant reforms are needed to make these credits more fiscally responsible and ensure they are going to the Americans who need them most. This is our opportunity to demonstrate that commitment through action.” What Happens Next House Speaker Johnson has said Republicans are likely to vote on a health care proposal early next week. Gottheimer said at a press conference on Thursday, “We’re calling for a vote by December 18 in both chambers of Congress to get something done before premiums rise in January.”

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/nation-world/cut-costs-holiday-trees-firewood/507-d5b23ac9-7077-4f3c-a5be-3062d7c08784
Article: "American families deserve real relief and savings during the holidays, and at Interior, we are making certain that they can heat their homes while keeping their traditions alive," Secretary of the Interior Doug Burgum said in a statement. "The 'One Dollar, One Tree' initiative is a powerful example of how our public lands can deliver lasting benefits for the American people, making this season brighter and more affordable for all." New cutting areas are open in "overstocked" woodlands with priority given to those near communities, military bases, tribal areas and rural counties that benefit most from additional access, according to the announcement.

Link: https://abc7.com/post/supreme-court-will-decide-trumps-birthright-citizenship-order-violates-constitution/18254581/
Article: Supreme Court will decide whether Trump's birthright citizenship order violates the Constitution WASHINGTON -- The Supreme Court agreed Friday to take up the constitutionality of President Donald Trump's order on birthright citizenship declaring that children born to parents who are in the United States illegally or temporarily are not American citizens. But the Supreme Court allowed the resumption of sweeping immigration stops in the Los Angeles area after a lower court blocked the practice of stopping people solely based on their race, language, job or location. His order would upend more than 125 years of understanding that the Constitution's 14th Amendment confers citizenship on everyone born on American soil, with narrow exceptions for the children of foreign diplomats and those born to a foreign occupying force. In a series of decisions, lower courts have struck down the executive order as unconstitutional, or likely so, even after a Supreme Court ruling in late June that limited judges' use of nationwide injunctions. Every lower court that has looked at the issue has concluded that Trump's order violates or likely violates the 14th Amendment, which was intended to ensure that Black people, including former slaves, had citizenship. "The Fourteenth Amendment's Citizenship Clause was adopted to grant citizenship to newly freed slaves and their children-not...to the children of aliens illegally or temporarily in the United States," top administration top Supreme Court lawyer, D.

Link: https://abc7.com/post/virginia-man-brian-cole-jr-arrested-washington-dc-pipe-bomb-case-thought-2020-election-was-fraudulent-sources-say/18254595/
Article: WASHINGTON -- A Virginia man on Friday made his first court appearance on charges that he planted a pair of pipe bombs outside the headquarters of the Republican and Democratic national parties in Washington on the eve of a mob's attack on U.S. An FBI affidavit says investigators identified Cole as a suspect through analysis of credit card charges related to the purchase of pipe bomb components, cellphone towers and a license plate reader. Cole also indicated that he believed the 2020 election was stolen and expressed views supportive of President Donald Trump, said the people, who were not authorized to discuss by name an ongoing investigation and spoke on condition of anonymity. Federal authorities have not publicly disclosed any information about a possible motive or whether there is any connection to the attack on the Capitol the following day by Trump supporters. The arrest marks the first time investigators have publicly identified a suspect in an act that has been an enduring mystery for nearly five years in the shadow of the violent Capitol attack.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cvgj4npzp53o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Which European countries have mandatory or voluntary military service 2 hours ago Share Save Patrick Jackson and Emma Brancatisano Share Save Reuters Recruits on live-fire exercises in Ahlen, Germany, last month Some of Europe's biggest Nato members are moving to strengthen their professional armies through voluntary national service schemes. In Turkey, which has the second largest military in the security alliance after the US, men between the ages of 20 and 41 are obliged to do military service for between six and 12 months. The UK, which rivals France or Germany in conventional military strength (and is the only Nato state in Europe along with France to have nuclear weapons), relies on a professional army. In 2020, Bulgaria introduced voluntary military service for citizens up to the age of 40 for a period of six months and Romania plans to bring in four-month voluntary military service next year. The new law will require all 18-year-old men to fill in a questionnaire asking if they are willing and able to join the armed forces, and from July 2027, undergo a medical examination to establish their suitability. Students in about 90 cities across the country took part in a school strike on 5 December in protest against the move, with some using the slogan "Don't end up as cannon fodder". A recent Forsa survey of German public opinion for Stern magazine suggested that while just over half of respondents favoured compulsory service, opposition rose to 63% among 18 to 29-year-olds.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c4ge8p0n0zko?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: US judge orders unsealing of court records from abandoned Jeffrey Epstein case 18 minutes ago Share Save Share Save Getty Images A US judge has ordered the unsealing of grand jury transcripts from the 2005 and 2007 investigation into convicted paedophile Jeffrey Epstein. US District Judge Rodney Smith granted the government's expedited motion to unseal the typically secret grand jury transcripts and modify a protective order that previously barred the release of the materials.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cn09z578p4lo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Reform revokes council leader's party membership 1 hour ago Share Save Share Save BBC Ian Cooper is alleged to have made racist comments online The Reform UK leader of Staffordshire County Council has been removed from the party after being accused of making racist comments on social media. The posts at the centre of complaints about Ian Cooper included one making reference to then foreign secretary David Lammy, which stated "no foreign national or first generation migrant should be allowed to sit in Parliament". "Following an investigation into the failure to declare social media accounts during the candidate vetting process, councillor Ian Cooper has had his membership of Reform UK revoked", said a party spokesperson. His alleged activity on Facebook also came under scrutiny after a group called Reform UK Exposed claimed he was a top fan of a page called The European Race, which promotes white supremacy. Philip White said: "It was inevitable that Ian Cooper would have to go, but Reform have done nothing to address the bigotry that appears to be embedded in their Staffordshire branch. This is the third time since May this has happened with a Staffordshire Reform councillor and that pattern cannot be ignored." Earlier this week, when allegations about Cooper first surfaced, nine of Labour's Staffordshire MPs called for his resignation. A spokesperson for Staffordshire County Council said proposals to nominate a new leader would need to be agreed at a meeting of full council, and it would work with the administration on the next steps.

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/12/05/g-s1-100899/putin-modi-india-visit-russia-trade-oil
Article: Putin and Modi expand India-Russia economic ties in talks in New Delhi toggle caption ALEXANDER KAZAKOV/POOL / AFP via Getty Images MUMBAI, India — There was a hug and selfie in a limousine ride after Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi personally picked up Russian President Vladimir Putin on arrival in the capital New Delhi on Thursday evening. "It is an effort to reaffirm the India-Russia relationship at a time when India has been under growing pressure to sever that relationship, or at least downgrade it in some ways." India has long prided itself on its independent foreign policy, but grew close to Russia decades ago, when it was the dominant part of the Soviet Union. The policy came in response to a sense of being cornered on its northern borders: Pakistan firmly allied itself with the U.S., and in the early 1970s, facilitated an opening in relations between Washington and Beijing. The two-day meeting that began Thursday in New Delhi was a boon to Putin, whose travels have been largely curtailed since the International Criminal Court issued an arrest warrant against him in March 2023. After a bilateral meeting on Friday, where both sides announced a deal to allow more Indian nationals to work in Russia, Putin said in prepared statements through a translator that his country was "ready to continue uninterrupted shipments of fuel for the fast growing Indian economy." Sponsor Message Russian oil in focus India had ramped up its purchasing of Russian oil after the invasion of Ukraine, and is now one of the world's biggest buyers. But Indian companies curbed their purchases of Russian oil in recent weeks, after the Trump administration punitively doubled its tariffs on India to 50% and American sanctions were imposed on Kremlin-linked Russian oil producers. But the Finnish-based Centre for Research on Energy and Clean Air reports there has been an increase in sanctions-avoiding behavior by vessels shipping Russian oil on the high seas, in part through flying flags that have been fraudulently obtained to conceal their operations. Previously India has described the pressure to cut its purchases of Russian oil as "unreasonable," noting that both the European Union and the United States also purchase Russian energy products. oil and natural gas — which some analysts have interpreted as a sop to the Trump administration — and, to narrow its trade deficit with the U.S., also sought to purchase more U.S. "It's trying to maintain close relations with Moscow and at the same time deepen engagement with the West." Perhaps to that end, in the Indian prime minister's prepared statements, he nodded to Russia's invasion, describing it as "the situation in Ukraine." He added, "We welcome all efforts being made for a peaceful and lasting resolution in this matter. India has always been, and will always be ready to contribute." Sponsor Message It wasn't clear, however, if Modi was referring to the Trump administration's current efforts to end the war. There were vows that trade between the two would soon reach $100 billion — so far the trade is mostly one-way, and is dominated by India's purchases of Russian fossil fuels. They've conducted five military exercises just this year." Even so, Bajpaee said, "From New Delhi's perspective, recent developments have shown that if anything Russia is in some ways a more reliable partner compared to the U.S.' fickle and sometimes unpredictable behavior."

Link: https://www.washingtonpost.com/obituaries/2025/12/05/frank-gehry-dead/
Article: Frank Gehry, whose provocatively adventurous buildings — among them the Guggenheim Museum in Bilbao, Spain, and the Walt Disney Concert Hall in Los Angeles — liberated modernist architecture from its conventions and brought him the admiration of critics, peers and a broad, fascinated public, died Dec. “I get the same feeling in Chartres Cathedral.” The museum, which opened in 1997, draws upward of 1 million visitors a year and had such a transformative effect on its sleepy Basque town that cities the world over soon were lusting for the “Bilbao effect.” “What Gehry was ‘good at’ was making architecture that both inspired thought and brought pleasure, making buildings that were unusual enough so that some confused them with art pieces and others found them merely bizarre,” Paul Goldberger, a Pulitzer Prize-winning architecture critic, wrote in his 2015 Gehry biography, “Building Art.” The freaky angles, detached shapes and cheap industrial materials that Mr. In time, he became the quintessential “starchitect,” with a Pritzker Prize — his profession’s highest accolade — in 1989, billionaire clients, jewelry designs for Tiffany and a furniture line for Knoll. One of his most whimsical experiments, designed in Prague in the early 1990s with architect Vlado Milunić, was a glass and concrete building nicknamed “the Dancing House” or “Fred and Ginger,” for the appearance it gave of swaying like ballroom dancers. In his book “Architecture of the Absurd,” former Boston University president John Silber skewered the Gehry-designed Stata Center at MIT as the “pièce de résistance of absurdity in architecture,” not least because of its massive cost overruns. The center, with towers bent like a soda can that leaned like the Tower of Pisa, developed leaks and drainage problems that resulted in a lawsuit against the architect and the construction firm that built it. Gehry was inspired by the West Coast art scene of the 1960s, in particular by the experimental painting and sculpture of Ed Moses, Ed Ruscha and Larry Bell, and later by East Coast avant-gardists such as Robert Rauschenberg. He was poking fun at the suburban Southern California experience and reveling in what he called “symbols of the middle class to which I belonged.” In 2012, the Gehry house earned the Twenty-Five Year Award from the American Institute of Architects, which declared it as influential in its time as Wright’s Fallingwater house in the 1930s and Johnson’s Glass House after World War II. “The image of a defiantly ‘destroyed’ California house made of unexpectedly humble materials ignited responses as far as Europe and Asia,” the AIA jury wrote, adding that the building “ignited a forum to consider the relationship between art and architecture … further expanding the role of the architect in culture.” Mr. Gehry — who also was a recipient of the AIA’s Gold Medal, its highest annual honor — had a self-effacing persona and rumpled appearance that masked his driving ambition and fear of failure. “I want buildings that have passion in them, that have feeling in them,” he once said, “that make people feel something, even if they get mad at them.” ‘Take an architecture class’ Frank Owen Goldberg was born in Toronto on Feb. Gehry, then 18, juggled a day job driving a furniture delivery truck with night classes in art at Los Angeles City College and later at the University of Southern California. “I never forgot that.” At USC, he struck up a friendship with his art teacher, the prominent ceramicist Glen Lukens, who took the pupil to see his new home being built. By that time, he was known as Frank Gehry, having taken a less Jewish-sounding name at the behest of his first wife, Anita Snyder, who feared antisemitism would hamper his rise. Through an expanding social circle that included Hollywood psychoanalyst Milton Wexler, he met moneyed and influential clients such as Oscar-winning actress Jennifer Jones and her husband, industrialist and art collector Norton Simon. I finished it on time and on budget,” he told Britain’s Independent newspaper in 2009, adding, “and it doesn’t leak.” Disney was designed before Bilbao but opened later, in 2003, because of its complexity and economic and management woes. Gehry’s place as “America’s greatest living architectural talent.” On the journey to his landmark achievements — which include the Manhattan skyscraper 8 Spruce and the Louis Vuitton Foundation art museum in Paris — Mr.

Link: https://feeds.texastribune.org/link/16799/17224942/watch-vicente-fox-2025-texas-tribune-festival
Article: Corrections and Clarifications About The Texas Tribune | Staff | Contact | Send a Confidential Tip | Ethics | Republish Our Work | Jobs | Awards | Corrections | Strategic Plan | Downloads | Documents Our reporting on all platforms will be truthful, transparent and respectful; our facts will be accurate, complete and fairly presented. When we make a mistake — and from time to time, we will — we will work quickly to fully address the error, correcting it within the story, detailing the error on the story page and adding it to this running list of Tribune corrections.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/florida-judge-grants-doj-motion-unseal-epstein-grand/story?id=128153706
Article: District Judge Rodney Smith – a Trump appointee – determined that the language of the recently-enacted Epstein Transparency Act "overrides" federal rules prohibiting the public disclosure of grand jury materials. Accordingly, it is ORDERED that United States’ Expedited Motion to Unseal Grand Jury Transcripts and Modify Protective Order…is GRANTED.” Smith is one of three federal judges asked by the DOJ to unseal grand jury materials in cases involving Epstein and his convicted co-conspirator, Ghislaine Maxwell.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/scotus-takes-trump-birthright-citizenship-case/story?id=128153708
Article: Upon taking office for a second term, Trump signed an executive order seeking to discontinue that practice and limit citizenship only to children born to parents who are legal permanent residents or citizens.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/video/2025/12/05/bitcoin-turns-negative-for-the-week-as-it-fails-to-hold-above-90000-cnbc-crypto-world.html
Article: Share Share Article via Facebook Share Article via Twitter Share Article via LinkedIn Share Article via Email Bitcoin turns negative for the week as it fails to hold above $90,000: CNBC Crypto World On today's episode of CNBC Crypto World, bitcoin and other major cryptocurrencies turn negative to closer out the week.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/05/meta-limitless-ai-wearable.html
Article: Meta CEO Mark Zuckerberg wears the Meta Ray-Ban Display glasses, as he delivers a speech presenting the new line of smart glasses, during the Meta Connect event at the company's headquarters in Menlo Park, California, U.S., Sept. "Meta recently announced a new vision to bring personal superintelligence to everyone and a key part of that vision is building incredible AI-enabled wearables," Siroker said in the post and an accompanying video.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/05/what-masa-sons-plan-to-create-trump-industrial-parks-means-for-corning.html
Article: It's been two full weeks since New York Fed President John Williams gave new life to the possibility of an interest rate cut at the December Fed meeting, and since then, the market has rebounded by 5%. Perhaps more importantly, Son's desire to build fiber-optic manufacturing sites highlights Corning's growing importance in the data center ecosystem, especially in modern data centers that prefer fiber-optic cabling over copper to link GPU clusters because it is more economical. GE Vernova will host an investor day, and several notable earnings reports are scheduled, including Broadcom , Costco , Toll Brothers , Campbell's , AeroVironment , Cracker Barrel , Chewy , Vail Resorts , Synopsys , Ciena , and Lululemon . (See here for a full list of the stocks in Jim Cramer's Charitable Trust.) As a subscriber to the CNBC Investing Club with Jim Cramer, you will receive a trade alert before Jim makes a trade.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/video/newsfeed/2025/12/5/authorities-arrest-man-suspected-of-planting-pipe-bombs-in-washington-dc?traffic_source=rss
Article: NewsFeed Authorities arrest man suspected of planting pipe bombs in Washington, DC US officials have arrested a man suspected of planting pipe bombs at the headquarters of the Republican and Democratic parties in Washington, DC, the night before the January 6 Capitol insurrection.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nfl/rams-nathan-scheelhaase-becomes-prime-target-for-iowa-state-11165474
Article: More News: CFP Committee Explains Controversial Notre Dame-Alabama Decision Following a series of rejections by Power 4 coaches, Penn State was able to convince Matt Campbell to leave Iowa State for State College. Los Angeles Rams could lose a coach to Iowa State Per Albert Breer of Sports Illustrated, Los Angeles Rams pass-game coordinator Nathan Scheelhaase is expected to be a "prime candidate" for ISU.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/mlb/phillies-predicted-to-sign-3-time-all-star-at-winter-meetings-11165509
Article: Though Realmuto was the least valuable of the three in terms of WAR this past season, the Phillies' catching depth chart is so devoid of options that he might be the most important name to bring back, even as he enters his age-35 season with declining offensive numbers in each of the past three seasons. On Friday, insider Robert Murray of FanSided made a series of winter meetings predictions, and one was that the Phillies would get a new deal done with Realmuto between Sunday and the conclusion of the meetings on Wednesday. It won't be a long-term contract, but a reunion keeping the two sides together makes all the sense." Here's an educated guess on Realmuto's sweepstakes: If the Phillies are willing to give him three years, they'll get him back.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/ncaa/big-ten-star-announces-major-career-decision-after-7-5-season-11165263
Article: Emmett Johnson, the workhorse who powered Nebraska’s offense in 2025, announced Friday that he will enter the 2026 NFL Draft, officially closing a three-year rise from under-the-radar recruit to Big Ten Running Back of the Year. The declaration arrives a day after Johnson collected the conference’s Ameche-Dayne award and capped a season that featured 1,451 rushing yards, 12 rushing touchdowns, and 46 catches for 370 receiving yards — production Nebraska has relied on all year. Read More: Lane Kiffin Faces Concerning Development With LSU Coaching Staff Johnson’s numbers were the engine of a Husker attack that finished 7-5 (4-5 in the Big Ten) in 2025, a marginal improvement over a 7-6 2024 and a noticeable step up from a 5-7 debut season in 2023 under coach Matt Rhule. Aside from Johnson, other notable contributors included QB Dylan Raiola, who finished with 2,000 passing yards, 18 TDs, and six INTs, as well as Nyziah Hunter, who led all receivers with 617 yards and five TDs on 43 receptions. Read More: Dan Lanning, Oregon Make Program History With Massive ‘26 Recruiting Haul Now, Rhule and coordinator Dana Holgorsen face the practical challenge of replacing a multi-dimensional back who combined volume, efficiency, and receiving chops. Nebraska’s roster lists several running backs — Mekhi Nelson, Kwinten Ives, Isaiah Mozee, Conor Booth — and special-teams/return threat Kenneth Williams, but none posted more than 120 yards on the ground in 2025. The program’s 2026 recruiting class is similarly thin at the position, with a single signed back of note (a three-star Jamal Rule), signaling the staff will likely need to lean on a committee approach, portal additions, or accelerated development of younger players.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/betting/nfl-week-14-preview-texans-vs-chiefs-breakdown-hot-take-of-the-week-11165526
Article: Right now, here's what your free subscription entails: Weekly look at college basketball (every Tuesday evening) Weekly look at the NBA (every Wednesday evening) NFL weekend preview (every Friday morning) College Football ATS picks (every Saturday morning at 10 a.m. In the NFL alone, we've got several massive matchups on Sunday, including three that could help decide the AFC South, AFC North and NFC North: -- Colts (8-4) at Jaguars (8-4) -- 1 p.m., CBS -- Steelers (6-6) at Ravens (6-6) -- 1 p.m., CBS -- Bears (9-3) at Packers (8-3-1) -- 4:25 p.m., FOX Our focus here, however, will be on the Sunday Night Football clash between the Texans (7-5) and the Chiefs (6-6). Chiefs Betting Odds, Analysis, Early Best Bets Read More NFL Week 14 Early Picks Against The Spread: Best ATS Bets For All 14 Games 10 min read The matchup: Texans at Chiefs (-3.5) -- 8:20 p.m. ET, NBC/Peacock Betting odds (DK) - Spread: HOU +3.5 (-115); KC -3.5 (-105) - Moneyline: HOU +150; KC -180 - Total: 41.5 (over -115; under -112) The clash between CJ Stroud and Patrick Mahomes is the top headline for most fans. Based on what we've seen from Kansas City in recent weeks -- remember, the Chiefs have lost three of four, and they needed overtime to beat the Colts in Week 12 -- I'd be worried about the Chiefs offense even A) at full strength and/or B) against a much less imposing defense. On the other side of the football, the Texans did not exactly light up Indianapolis last weekend, but they did enough to win, and they should take a step forward in Stroud's second game back in action. I wouldn't recommend placing any big bets until closer to kickoff on Sunday, but right now, I like Houston on the moneyline (+150 at DK) -- or the spread, if you'd rather play it safe -- and Kansas City to go under its team total of 22.5 (-102). 🔥 Take Of The Week: Texans To Win AFC South Houston (7-5) enters Week 14 a game behind the Jags and Colts -- who are both 8-4 -- but I like this team to win that division. It would be an understatement to call this defense a known commodity, and the offense is finally trending in the right direction now that Stroud is back (for now, I'm not willing to say much more than that about this offense ...). They would likely need to win out if they're unable to upset the Chiefs on Sunday night, but if that one goes the way I expect it to, the Texans' odds to win the AFC South will look very different by Monday morning. Before I wrap this up, let me be the latest to point out that A) the AFC is wide-open, with five teams listed between +400 and +950 at DK, and B) the Texans are +1100 right now (also at DK). The four teams with the shortest odds to win the AFC right now include two that Houston has recently beaten (the Bills and the Colts), plus a third that defeated Houston just 18-15 with Davis Mills under center for most of the game on November 2.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/politics/inside-politics/texas-politics/what-texas-parents-need-to-know-about-school-voucher-program/287-c9ef8e65-a00d-4e35-8a8a-37ffffc2f542
Article: “And I think we’ll have a very large number, much more than half, registered with the state.” Another important date will arrive in early 2026, when parents can begin applying for the program.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/politics/inside-politics/texas-politics/north-texas-congressman-says-he-supports-secretary-of-war-despite-controversial-boat-strikes/287-84d99f8c-28c6-4e59-adfa-79cf78e4183a
Article: Pat Fallon also argues there needs to be congressional oversight, not an independent investigation Example video title will go here for this video Example video title will go here for this video To stream WFAA on your phone, you need the WFAA app. “It’s acting as a pretty great deterrent to say, listen, if you’re gonna smuggle drugs into our country and kill this many Americans, you’re gonna face consequences,” the Congressman told us on Inside Texas Politics. And Hegseth has defended the decision and the Admiral who ordered the strike to sink the boat and “eliminate the threat.” Fallon says there is no doubt narco-terrorists are operating the boats and smuggling large amounts of drugs, particularly cocaine, into the United States. But I can tell you one of my colleagues who was a special forces veteran was saying just kind of what I alluded to earlier, which is when you go in to attack and kill terrorists, and that’s your orders, if one of them slips out, you’re going to kill them. Because of the sensitivity of the matter, and security clearances involved, Fallon could not tell us if the Armed Services Committee or the Intelligence Committee, both of which he’s a member of, have any meetings scheduled to investigate.

Link: https://abc7.com/post/percy-jackson-olympians-behind-scenes-season-2-walker-scobell-leah-sava-jeffries-aryan-simhadri/18235029/
Article: In "On The Red Carpet Presents: Percy Jackson," go behind the scenes of Season 2 with stars Walker Scobell (Percy), Leah Sava Jeffries (Annabeth), Aryan Simhadri (Grover), Daniel Diemer (Tyson), Dior Goodjohn (Clarisse) and more! "If I wasn't Annabeth, and I was like a fan watching the show and I walked onto the set, I literally would've cried," Jeffries told us about stepping onto the set of the chariot race, one of the most anticipated scenes in the season. When it came to seeing himself as Tyson the cyclops, Diemer explained, "To kind of see it within the world and kind of getting all the emotion through was really special." To get into the Season 2 spirit, we even accompanied Goodjohn onboard the Disney Destiny's maiden voyage. We spoke with him and co-writer Mark Oshiro about their latest book series, "The Nico di Angelo Adventures," as we look onward to Season 3, where the di Angelo siblings make their debut. "It started with a joke about where the Minotaur gets his underwear," Riordan explained about the inspiration for their latest novel in the "Nico di Angelo" series, "The Court of the Dead." Speaking of the di Angelo siblings, we got to sit down with Levi Chrisopolus (Nico) and Olive Abercrombie (Bianca), who will star as the fan-favorite duo. "So many people love it and have grown up with it and the characters, so you want to do justice," said Chrisopulos Despite their nerves, Abercrombie explained, "I felt like I fit in, like, right away." Saara Chaudry, who will star in Season 3 as Zoë Nightshade, is "in the same boat as everybody else, highly anticipating Season Two's release." The release date for "Percy Jackson and the Olympians" Season 2 is Dec.

Link: https://abc13.com/post/helping-hands-blessing-families-need/18254591/
Article: "I'm so proud and happy today, man, to be able to let people know what Helping Hands has done for me because it's been a struggle in my life, and it's good that we have a place like this." About ABC13 Share Your Holidays What started as an idea to put a food drive on TV for an hour has morphed into a Houston-area wide event going strong 45 years later as the ABC13 Share Your Holidays Food Drive.

Link: https://abc13.com/post/police-looking-2-masked-suspects-connection-deadly-shooting-north-houston-taco-truck-off-dayna-airline/18253663/
Article: 2 masked suspects seen on surveillance video after taco truck operator killed in north Houston: HPD HOUSTON, Texas (KTRK) -- Authorities say the search is on for two masked men who shot and killed the operator of a taco truck in north Houston Thursday night. The Houston Police Department said at about 11:30 p.m., officers were called out to the shooting at the taco truck in the 1019 block of West Dyna near Airline, just off the North Freeway, and found a man shot to death. "(The victim) was found by his family members that arrived on scene, as they were worried because they had not heard from him since he said he was going to be closing up," HPD Lt.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c5y2p22z9gno?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: "Gehry is survived by two daughters from his first marriage, Leslie and Brina; his wife, Berta Isabel Aguilera, and their two sons, Alejandro and Samuel," his chief of staff Meaghan Lloyd told the BBC on Friday.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Entertainment/wireStory/frank-gehry-celebrated-architect-time-dies-96-128155488
Article: Groundbreaking architect Frank Gehry who was behind the acclaimed Guggenheim Museum in Bilbao, Spain, and Disney Concert Hall in Los Angeles has died Frank Gehry, the most celebrated architect of his time, dies at 96 FILE - Architect Frank Gehry describes his concert hall design at the Colburn School during an unveiling in downtown Los Angeles on Wednesday, March 16, 2022. (AP Photo/Richard Vogel, File) FILE - Architect Frank Gehry describes his concert hall design at the Colburn School during an unveiling in downtown Los Angeles on Wednesday, March 16, 2022. Gehry was awarded every major prize architecture has to offer, including the field’s top honor, the Pritzker Prize, for what has been described as “refreshingly original and totally American” work.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/video/newsfeed/2025/12/5/trump-takes-the-spotlight-peace-prize-at-fifa-world-cup-draw?traffic_source=rss
Article: Trump takes the spotlight, Peace Prize at FIFA World Cup Draw NewsFeed Trump takes the spotlight, Peace Prize at FIFA World Cup Draw Donald Trump was centre stage accepting the first-ever FIFA Peace Prize, stealing the show before teams were sorted into groups for the 2026 World Cup.

Link: https://abc7.com/post/architect-frank-gehry-designed-los-angeles-walt-disney-concert-hall-spains-guggenheim-museum-dies-96/18254689/
Article: Frank Gehry, legendary architect who designed L.A.'s Walt Disney Concert Hall, dies at 96 LOS ANGELES -- Frank Gehry, who designed some of most imaginative buildings ever constructed and achieved a level of worldwide acclaim seldom afforded any architect, has died. Gehry was awarded every major prize architecture has to offer, including the field's top honor, the Pritzker Prize, for what has been described as "refreshingly original and totally American" work. Other honors include the Royal Institute of British Architects gold medal, the Americans for the Arts lifetime achievement award, and his native country's highest honor, the Companion of the Order of Canada. Years after he stopped designing ordinary looking buildings, word surfaced in 2006 that the pedestrian Santa Monica mall project that had led to his career epiphany might be headed for the wrecking ball. Although the family said it wanted a simple memorial and not the one Gehry had proposed, with its multiple statues and billowing metal tapestries depicting Eisenhower's life, the architect declined to change his design significantly. Gehry did agree to tone down a proposed expansion for Facebook's Northern California headquarters at the insistence of the company's CEO, Mark Zuckerberg, who said he wanted a more anonymous look.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/football/articles/c7vmr1mmve3o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Scotland's first match at the men's World Cup for 28 years will be against Haiti on Saturday, 13 June, in Boston or New York, followed by matches against Morocco and Brazil in Group C.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c0qlgx275jqo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Frank Gehry's most iconic work - in pictures 27 minutes ago Share Save Share Save Frank Gehry, a provocative and creative force in architecture who has died aged 96, was behind some of the world's most intriguing buildings. Tim Graham/Getty Images The unmistakable curves of the Guggenheim Museum, Bilbao Insights/Universal Images Group via Getty Images A leaning glass tower at the Dancing House, Prague Tim Graham/Getty Images Striking purple tones on the Hotel Marques de Riscal Bodega, Spain Tim Graham/Getty Images Titanium and glass at the Guggenheim in Bilbao Michael Jacobs/Art in All of Us/Corbis via Getty Images The oversized canopy of the Louis Vuitton Foundation in Paris Petr Svarc/UCG/Universal Images Group via Getty Images Gehry's El Peix d'Or - or golden fish sculpture - is a must-see for visitors in Barcelona View Pictures/Universal Images Group via Getty Images A golden-hour glow drenches the Walt Disney Concert Hall in California JOKER/Walter G. Allgöwer/ullstein bild via Getty Images An air of whimsy at Der Neue Zollhof in Düsseldorf View Pictures/Universal Images Group via Getty Images The Walt Disney Concert Hall holds its own beside the imposing skyscrapers of central LA View Pictures/Universal Images Group via Getty Images Light floods into the curved form within Bilbao's Guggenheim Natalie Naccache/Bloomberg via Getty Images Gehry's Guggenheim in Abu Dhabi while under construction in 2023

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/arts/frank-gehry-celebrated-architect-of-wildly-imaginative-buildings-dies-at-96
Article: Gehry was awarded every major prize architecture has to offer, including the field’s top honor, the Pritzker Prize, for what has been described as “refreshingly original and totally American” work. Other honors include the Royal Institute of British Architects gold medal, the Americans for the Arts lifetime achievement award, and his native country’s highest honor, the Companion of the Order of Canada. Years after he stopped designing ordinary looking buildings, word surfaced in 2006 that the pedestrian Santa Monica mall project that had led to his career epiphany might be headed for the wrecking ball. Although the family said it wanted a simple memorial and not the one Gehry had proposed, with its multiple statues and billowing metal tapestries depicting Eisenhower’s life, the architect declined to change his design significantly. Gehry did agree to tone down a proposed expansion for Facebook’s Northern California headquarters at the insistence of the company’s CEO, Mark Zuckerberg, who said he wanted a more anonymous look.

Link: https://www.nytimes.com/2025/12/05/nyregion/nyc-income-tax-rich.html
Article: Wealthy New Yorkers thinking of fleeing the city now that Zohran Mamdani has been elected mayor should know that state tax auditors will have a list of probing questions, each a bit more invasive than the last. To avoid New York’s high state and city income taxes — which can climb to nearly 15 percent, the highest combined rate in the nation — it is not enough to simply file a change of address or spend more than 183 days of the year in another state, a common misconception.

Link: https://www.nytimes.com/2025/12/04/world/europe/aid-workers-greece-migration-trial-smuggling.html
Article: Two dozen rescue workers, including the Syrian refugee turned campaigner Sara Mardini, went on trial on Thursday in Greece on charges of facilitating illegal entry, money laundering and membership of a criminal organization, in the latest prosecution of activists who helped refugees during Europe’s migration crisis nearly a decade ago. With nationalism rising across the continent, European leaders have vowed to prevent a repeat of the crisis of 2015 and 2016, when millions of people sought sanctuary after fleeing war and poverty in Syria, Afghanistan and other nations. Mardini and 23 fellow aid volunteers, who have all previously denied the charges, face up to 20 years in jail in connection to their work with the defunct Greek nonprofit Emergency Response Center International. The case is the latest salvo in a long judicial process against the aid workers, which began in 2018 with the arrest and detention of several rescue volunteers, including Ms.

Link: https://www.nytimes.com/2025/11/26/world/africa/trump-south-africa-g20.html
Article: President Trump said on Wednesday that South Africa would not be invited to next year’s Group of 20 summit in the United States, just days after South Africa finished hosting the annual gathering, in the latest of a series of attacks on Africa’s largest economy. Trump did not attend the meeting, a gathering of the world’s largest economies, citing the false narrative that white South Africans are being indiscriminately killed and having their land seized. He played a slickly produced video that he said supported his claims, leaving the South African president stunned and sinking his country’s relationship with the United States to a low point.

Link: https://www.nytimes.com/2025/11/29/sports/colleen-jones-dead.html
Article: Colleen Jones, who won two world titles and six Canadian national championships in curling, one of the country’s most popular sports, and who also became a trailblazing television personality, died on Tuesday at her home in Maders Cove, Nova Scotia. So adroit was she at gracefully sliding a granite stone weighing around 40 pounds with decisive precision that she was inducted into Canada’s Sports Hall of Fame in 2016 and named the second greatest athlete from Nova Scotia, behind only the hockey star Sidney Crosby, by the province’s sports hall of fame in 2017.

Link: https://www.nytimes.com/2025/12/04/arts/music/eurovision-israel-boycott.html
Article: RTE, Ireland’s national broadcaster, said in a statement that participating in Eurovision alongside Israel was “unconscionable given the appalling loss of lives in Gaza and the humanitarian crisis there.” Taco Zimmerman, chief executive of AVROTROS, the public broadcaster that organizes the Netherlands participation, said in a statement that “culture unites, but not at all costs.” Despite being outside Europe, Israel has been allowed to compete in Eurovision since 1973 because KAN, its public broadcaster, is a member of the European Broadcasting Union. “The attempt to remove KAN from the contest can only be understood as a cultural boycott,” he said, adding, “A boycott may begin today — with Israel — but no one knows where it will end or who else it may harm.” “Is this what we truly want this contest to be remembered for on its 70th anniversary?” he added.

Link: https://www.nytimes.com/2025/12/05/us/politics/boat-strike-shows-survivors.html
Article: The military officers briefing Congress on Thursday said the survivors could have been trying to beckon to other alleged drug traffickers in a plane or boat to come get them, communications that could have justified the follow-up strike that killed them.

Link: https://www.nytimes.com/2025/12/04/us/politics/work-permits-asylum-refugees-trump.html
Article: The Trump administration said it would reduce how long work permits are valid for refugees and asylum seekers, intensifying a sweeping crackdown on legal immigration after an Afghan national was charged with the shooting of two National Guard members in Washington. The agency said the change would help it screen and vet migrants more often, allowing it to identify people with “potentially harmful intent so they can be processed for removal.” The change applies to refugees, asylum seekers and people granted asylum, among others who qualify to work in the United States. “Reducing the maximum validity period for employment authorization will ensure that those seeking to work in the United States do not threaten public safety or promote harmful anti-American ideologies,” Joseph Edlow, the director of U.S. “After the attack on National Guard service members in our nation’s capital by an alien who was admitted into this country by the previous administration, it’s even more clear that U.S.C.I.S.

Link: https://www.nytimes.com/2025/12/05/technology/new-york-times-perplexity-ai-lawsuit.html
Article: The New York Times claimed in a lawsuit on Friday that its copyrights were repeatedly violated by Perplexity, an artificial intelligence start-up that has built a cutting-edge internet search engine. The Times said in its lawsuit that it had contacted Perplexity several times over the past 18 months, demanding that the start-up stop using the publication’s content until the two companies negotiated an agreement.

Link: https://www.nytimes.com/2025/12/05/climate/deep-sea-mining-ecosystem.html
Article: The study, published Friday in the journal Nature Ecology and Evolution, was funded by The Metals Company, which is vying to become the first company to conduct commercial mining on the ocean floor. Researchers from the Natural History Museum in London analyzed samples from the seafloor before and after a mining test and found that the number of worms, minute crustaceans and other small animals in the path of the mining vehicle fell 37 percent. The data came from the Clarion-Clipperton Zone, an area in the Pacific Ocean between Hawaii and Mexico that is targeted for seabed mining because it is rich with potato-sized nodules that contain nickel, cobalt, copper and manganese.

Link: https://www.nytimes.com/2025/12/05/business/energy-environment/venezuela-oil-trump.html
Article: The company’s operations have given Venezuela a financial lifeline and mean that, even today, some of the country’s oil flows to refineries on the Gulf Coast of the United States, where it is made into fuels like gasoline and diesel. The company, he added, “would like to be there as part of rebuilding Venezuela’s economy in time when circumstances change.” Repsol and Eni produce natural gas offshore that Venezuela uses to generate electricity.

Link: https://www.nytimes.com/2025/11/22/climate/cop30-climate-summit-ends-belem.html
Article: While the United States under Democratic administrations has not always been a champion of ambitious climate action, it had consistently succeeded in one thing: Demanding that major economies with high greenhouse gas emissions, like China and Saudi Arabia, take on more responsibility. “He will not jeopardize our country’s economic and national security to pursue vague climate goals that are killing other countries.” China, currently the world’s largest greenhouse gas emitter by far, played a limited role in Belém, choosing not to step into the leadership vacuum created by the absence of the United States.

Link: https://feeds.texastribune.org/link/16799/17224968/texas-floods-kerr-county-911-calls-released
Article: See our AI policy , and give us feedback KERRVILLE — Frantic residents in riverfront homes trapped by catastrophic flooding in Texas last summer and staffers at Camp Mystic pleaded for help in escaping the rushing waters that killed more than 100 people, according to recordings of 911 calls released Friday.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/bolsonaros-eldest-son-hell-run-brazil-presidency-2026-128156034
Article: Flávio Bolsonaro, the eldest son of former President Jair Bolsonaro, says his father has chosen him to run for president in 2026 Flavio Bolsonaro, son of ex-President Jair Bolsonaro, speaks during a vigil outside the former president's residence in Brasília, Brazil, Saturday, Nov. “It is with great responsibility that I confirm the decision of Brazil’s greatest political and moral leader, Jair Messias Bolsonaro, to entrust me with the mission of continuing our national project,” Flávio Bolsonaro wrote on X. Bolsonaro confirmed to The Associated Press that he will challenge President Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva, who is running for a fourth nonconsecutive term, as the candidate of Bolsonaro's Liberal Party.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/mexico-freezes-miss-universe-owners-bank-accounts-organized-128155984
Article: Mexico’s anti-money laundering office has frozen the bank accounts of Raúl Rocha Cantú, a Mexican co-owner of Miss Universe, amid an investigation into drugs, fuel and arms trafficking President of the Miss Universe Organization and Mexican businessman Raúl Rocha Cantú attends a press conference after the beauty pageant in Nonthaburi province, Thailand, Friday, Nov. (AP Photo/Sakchai Lalit) MEXICO CITY -- MEXICO CITY (AP) — Mexico’s anti-money laundering office has frozen the bank accounts of the Mexican co-owner of Miss Universe as part of an investigation into drugs, fuel and arms trafficking, an official said Friday. The country’s Financial Intelligence Unit, which oversees the fight against money laundering, froze Mexican businessman Raúl Rocha Cantú’s bank accounts in Mexico, a federal official told The Associated Press on condition of anonymity because he was not authorized to comment on the investigation. Last week, a court in Thailand issued an arrest warrant for the Thai co-owner of the Miss Universe Organization in connection with a fraud case and this year's competition — won by Miss Mexico Fatima Bosch — faced allegations of rigging. Mexico's federal prosecutors said last week that Rocha Cantú has been under investigation since November 2024 for alleged organized crime activity, including drug and arms trafficking, as well as fuel theft. Last month, a federal judge issued 13 arrest warrants for some of those involved in the case, including the Mexican businessman, whose company Legacy Holding Group USA owns 50% of the Miss Universe shares. Rocha Cantú was also a part owner of the Casino Royale in the northern Mexican city of Monterrey, when it was attacked in 2011 by a group of gunmen who entered it, doused gasoline and set it on fire, killing 52 people.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/05/netflix-warner-bros-deal-regulatory-questions.html
Article: would create one massive media giant with control of close to half of the streaming market — threatening to force Americans into higher subscription prices and fewer choices over what and how they watch, while putting American workers at risk," Warren, a Democrat from Massachusetts, said in a statement. "Our plans here are to work really closely with all the appropriate governments and regulators, but [we're] really confident that we're going to get all the necessary approvals that we need," Sarandos added. Discovery and any of the three bidders would probably succeed, even if the DOJ were to sue to block a proposed combination," Deutsche Bank analysts wrote in a note on Friday, citing insights from a Department of Justice veteran who the analysts said "does not see any significant antitrust problems with any of the three scenarios." "However ... we don't know all of the detailed facts that will be collected and analyzed by the DOJ, nor do we know who the judge hearing the case will be, and both of these factors can have an impact on the outcome," the Deutsche Bank analysts noted. President Donald Trump, OpenAI CEO Sam Altman (R), and SoftBank CEO Masayoshi Son (2nd-R), share a laugh as Ellison uses a stool to stand on as he speaks during a news conference in the Roosevelt Room of the White House on January 21, 2025 in Washington, DC.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/05/amazon-had-a-big-week-that-could-shape-where-its-stagnant-stock-goes-next.html
Article: Despite the company showing reaccelerating growth in AWS and enhancements to its dominant Prime e-commerce ecosystem, investors remain concerned that it is losing ground in the AI race and could face margin pressure from tariffs. "A better year is ahead as management continues to prove out its AI strategy and expand operating margins," Jeff Marks, portfolio director for Club, wrote in a report on Thursday, highlighting stocks that are set up for a bounce back in 2026. Here's how this week's news fits into that investment thesis: Upbeat updates at cloud event News: During Amazon 's annual re:Invent 2025 conference in Las Vegas, Amazon Web Services CEO Matt Garman unveiled Trainium3 , the latest version of the company's in-house custom chip. Our take: We were pleased to hear that AWS continues to innovate its chip offerings to diversify its reliance on Nvidia , the industry leader in graphics processing units (GPUs). Possible IPO payday News: Anthropic, the AI startup behind the Claude chatbot, is reportedly in talks to launch one of the biggest IPOs ever in early 2026, according to the Financial Times. Anthropic responded that it had no immediate plans for an IPO and instead is "keeping our options open," Anthropic chief communications officer Sasha de Marigny said at an Axios event in New York City on Thursday. Ultra-fast grocery delivery News: Amazon said it is testing an ultra-fast delivery service for fresh groceries, everyday essentials, and popular items, available in as little as 30 minutes, starting in Seattle and Philadelphia. As it continues to make headway in the industry, Amazon should be able to capitalize on this significant growth opportunity, especially as it harnesses its advanced AI capabilities for optimal inventory placement and demand forecasting. See here for a full list of the stocks.) As a subscriber to the CNBC Investing Club with Jim Cramer, you will receive a trade alert before Jim makes a trade.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/5/five-key-takeaways-from-trumps-national-security?traffic_source=rss
Article: Washington, DC – A periodic document spelling out the United States’s foreign policy and security has emphasised the need for US “preeminence” in the Western Hemisphere, reflecting President Donald Trump’s push for regional dominance. But unlike the previous assessment, which was published during the Joe Biden presidency in 2022, the new NNS did not focus primarily on China or mark competition with Beijing as the top challenge for the US. Hemispheric dominance The US is seeking to “restore American preeminence in the Western Hemisphere” by reinforcing the Monroe Doctrine – a 19th-century US policy in opposition to European colonisation and interference in the Americas. “This ‘Trump Corollary’ to the Monroe Doctrine is a common-sense and potent restoration of American power and priorities, consistent with American security interests.” The NSS also calls for shifting US military assets to the Western Hemisphere, “away from theatres whose relative import to American national security has declined in recent decades”. Deterring conflict over Taiwan The last two National Security Strategies, including the one released during Trump’s first term in the White House, described the competition with China as the top priority for the US. The document spelt out the risks of China seizing Taiwan by force, noting that the self-governing island, which Beijing claims as its own, is a major producer of computer chips. It also underscored that capturing Taiwan would give China access to the Second Island Chain in the Asia Pacific and bolster its position in the South China Sea, a vital artery for global trade. Our allies must step up and spend—and more importantly do—much more for collective defence.” Berating Europe Although Trump has cracked down on speech critical of Israel in the US and ordered the Department of Justice to target his political rivals, the NNS scorned Europe over what it called “censorship of free speech and suppression of political opposition”. Instead, Washington would prioritise “enabling Europe to stand on its own feet and operate as a group of aligned sovereign nations, including by taking primary responsibility for its own defence, without being dominated by any adversarial power”, the NNS reads. It goes on to argue that the conflict and violence in the region are also subsiding, citing the ceasefire in Gaza and the US attack on Iran in June, which it said “significantly degraded” Tehran’s nuclear programme. The US administration envisioned a rosy future for the region, saying that instead of dominating Washington’s interests, the Middle East “will increasingly become a source and destination of international investment”, including in artificial intelligence. In Syria, a year into the fall of the government of former President Bashar al-Assad, Israel has pushed on with incursions and strikes in an effort to militarily dominate the south of the country beyond the occupied Golan Heights. “But the days in which the Middle East dominated American foreign policy in both long-term planning and day-to-day execution are thankfully over – not because the Middle East no longer matters, but because it is no longer the constant irritant, and potential source of imminent catastrophe, that it once was,” it says. ‘Flexible realism’ The US will pursue its own interests in dealing with other countries, the document says, suggesting that Washington will not push for the spread of democracy and human rights. “We recognise and affirm that there is nothing inconsistent or hypocritical in acting according to such a realistic assessment or in maintaining good relations with countries whose governing systems and societies differ from ours even as we push like-minded friends to uphold our shared norms, furthering our interests as we do so.” However, the strategy suggests the US will still press some countries – namely Western partners – over what it sees as important values.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/5/eu-hits-musks-x-with-140m-fine-for-deceptive-blue-tick-ad-transparency?traffic_source=rss
Article: Click here to share on social media The European Union has slapped a 120 million euro ($140m) penalty on Elon Musk’s social media platform X for breaching digital transparency rules, igniting a transatlantic clash over tech regulation. X was fined another 35 million euros ($40.7m) for failing to maintain transparent advertising records that would help identify scams and fake political advertisements, while blocking researchers from accessing public data cost the company 40 million euros ($46.6m). We're holding X accountable for: 🔹Deceptive design of its ‘blue checkmark’ 🔹Lack of transparency of its advertising repository 🔹Failure to provide access to public data for researchers ↓ — European Commission (@EU_Commission) December 5, 2025 The decision risks further inflaming trade negotiations between Brussels and Washington, where the Trump administration has demanded Europe abandon regulations it views as protectionist. “Deceiving users with blue checkmarks, obscuring information on ads and shutting out researchers have no place online in the EU,” she said, adding that Brussels was simply “holding X responsible for undermining users’ rights.” European politicians expressed relief after what many saw as prolonged delays in enforcement. Politico reported that Cori Crider, executive director of the Future of Technology Institute, said, “Musk will moan in public – in private, he will be doing cartwheels.” X now has between 60 and 90 days to submit compliance plans addressing the violations or face additional periodic penalties.

Link: https://www.latimes.com/california/story/2025-12-05/woman-convicted-of-killing-retired-nurse-to-get-cash-for-childs-cheerleading-camp
Article: A mother of two was convicted Thursday of the 2018 stabbing and killing of a retired nurse in what prosecutors said was a robbery attempt to pay for the assailant’s daughter to attend a cheerleading competition. Investigators tested blood and DNA in and outside of Leeds’ white Mercedes SUV, but it was Townsend’s cellphone — found by deputies underneath the vehicle — that led to Townsend’s arrest. In public comments, in criminal court, and in a lawsuit against the Los Angeles County Sheriff’s Department, Townsend insisted she was innocent in the brutal slaying, claiming she had been unfairly targeted and arrested in the crime. Advertisement “I live my life in hiding, afraid that the police are going to come or that I’m gonna be unjustly targeted like I was before,” Townsend said during a news conference at the time. Advertisement Ilene Louie, a criminologist for the Sheriff’s Department, testified that investigators collected and tested DNA and multiple blood samples that were found inside and just outside of Leeds’ SUV. According to the criminal complaint, Townsend had been looking for ways to come up with $2,000 to send her daughter and two of her friends to a cheerleading competition in Florida. Prosecutors also presented as evidence a note she had written on her phone that read, “In this moment, I am completely broken,” because she was unable to come up with the money for her daughter’s competition. As prosecutors showed images from inside the SUV where blood and DNA were collected, some friends and relatives of Leeds covered their eyes and began to cry quietly in the court.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/football/articles/c9d9g0610q9o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Their previous attempt ended with the Three Lions leaving Qatar on 10 December 2022, their hearts broken after beaten finalists France dumped Gareth Southgate's side out at the quarter-final stage. But with a Champions League winner in Thomas Tuchel at the helm - the German will become the third non-Englishman to lead the Three Lions at a World Cup after Sven-Goran Eriksson (2002 and 2006) and Fabio Capello (2010) - there is refreshed optimism.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/football/articles/cvgj1q46v3qo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Steve Clarke says Scotland can "bring a little bit of magic" to the World Cup after being drawn to face Brazil, Morocco and Haiti in a nostalgic return to the men's finals next year. The Scots are making their first appearance at the tournament for 28 years, where they will play two of their foes from the 1998 competition in the form of Brazil and Morocco.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/railroads-allowed-reduce-inspections-rely-technology-spot-track-128156212
Article: The nation’s freight railroads are going to be able to try relying more on technology and inspect their tracks less often after the federal government approved their waiver request on Friday The nation's freight railroads are going to be able to try relying more on technology and inspect their tracks in person less often after the federal government approved their waiver request on Friday. The Association of American Railroads trade group asked for the relief from inspection requirements that were written back in 1971 because railroads believe the automated track inspection technology they use today is so good at spotting problems early that human inspections aren't needed as frequently. They say that extended tests that BNSF and Norfolk Southern ran show that safety actually improved even when human inspections were reduced from twice a week to twice a month. The Federal Railroad Administration didn't go quite that far in its decision, but the agency said railroads will be able to cut inspections down to only once a week under the approved waiver. “This is everyday defects across the entire country that we find through visual inspections that cannot be detected by this machinery,” Brotherhood of Maintenance of Way Employes Division union President Tony Cardwell said. BNSF railroad said when it was arguing with the Federal Railroad Administration about whether their test should be extended that the “technology has proven to be far more sensitive and effective at detecting geometry defects on BNSF’s network than the regime of manual visual inspections mandated by the historic regulations.” Over two years of testing, manual inspections detected only 0.01 defects per 100 miles, compared with the section of the railroad where the test was being run where the combination of the technology and reduced inspections found 4.54 defects per 100 miles. “A track inspector who’s out on his mainline track twice a week, he knows that track inside out, and a lot of times he’ll spot a defect without even knowing what he’s looking at yet,” Morrison said. Take some measurements and go, OK, this is what’s going on.” But the railroads say that freeing up inspectors from some of these mandated track inspections will allow them to focus more on switches and other equipment that must be inspected manually. Plus, Norfolk Southern noted in its comments on the request that even if regular inspections aren't being done as often, special inspections will still be done regularly anytime there is a major storm or flooding in a certain area to make sure the tracks weren't affected. Norfolk Southern said that during its 18-month test of reducing inspections while using the technology, the railroad saw improvements in areas that the automated system can't find because inspectors were free to spend more time focused on those areas.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/social-security-administration-plans-cut-field-office-visits-128157984
Article: What it means for you WASHINGTON -- The Social Security Administration is hoping to cut visits to its field offices in half next year, a move that advocates for the agency fear signals more closures are coming. Field offices have long been community-based branches that serve as the public face of the SSA, which provide in-person help for people applying for retirement and disability benefits, getting Social Security cards and other important services. A November internal field office operating plan shared with The Associated Press outlines a proposed target of 50% fewer field office visitors in fiscal year 2026 compared to fiscal year 2025, or no more than 15 million field office visits by members of the public. A Social Security spokesperson who spoke on the condition of anonymity to preview the administration’s plans for the agency said field offices will remain a front-line service to the roughly 75 million Americans who receive monthly payments. At least 7,000 SSA workers have been laid off from the agency this year as the Trump administration has proposed a number of plans to streamline services at the SSA. In March, after outcry from lawmakers and the public, SSA leadership partially backtracked on a plan that would require all new and existing beneficiaries who are unable to use the agency’s online portal to travel to a Social Security field office to verify their identity. Jessica LaPointe, a union leader for 30,000 Social Security workers through The American Federation of Government Employees, or AFGE, said field offices are part of the quality of life agenda within communities, especially for “people who don't have the resources to purchase technology to navigate the online world and they should be able to walk into an office to get help.” She said the SSA wants “to allow AI and the internet to replace a well-trained, well-vetted workforce.” Several field offices in rural areas of the U.S. Chris Delaney, a Social Security claims specialist and president of AFGE Local 3343 in Hudson, says he cannot imagine how SSA can have a goal of cutting foot traffic when his office is seeing an increase in foot traffic and a growing aging population reliant on SSA income. “A lot of people can’t get past the ID verification on login.gov, and just because they have a cellphone doesn’t mean they’re capable of creating an online account,” Delaney said. “Having people in the office when they need it is important.” The 2026 operating plan also calls for all requested appointments to be scheduled within 30 days, instead of the current rate of 78.3% of all appointments scheduled within 30 days.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/05/stock-market-next-week-outlook-for-december-8-12-2025.html
Article: All eyes are on the Federal Reserve's final meeting of 2025 to see if the central bank will deliver the interest rate cut the market expects and, especially, what chair Jerome Powell says afterward about the outlook for monetary policy. After recent economic data revealed that inflation hasn't reignited and the labor market is showing signs of weakness, traders are confident the Fed will lower its key overnight lending rate a quarter percentage point. Trust in another rate cut — it would mark the Fed's third this year and bring the federal funds rate to 3.50%-3.75% – helped send the stock market higher this week. "The market will react very negatively if they don't." In the price With the outlook for lower rates next week already reflected in current stock prices, the move itself won't act as a catalyst to push prices higher, Welch said. "What will be more important is what Chairman Powell has to say afterward" about the possible path of interest rates in 2026." The market could respond positively if Powell signals a more dovish outlook for 2026, possibly paving the way for still easier money next year to arrest any slowdown in the jobs market. "If he comes out and says, 'Yeah, we decided to cut but don't count on [more] going forward,' I think the market may have a response to that," Welch continued. Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent has said that there's " a very good chance " that President Donald Trump will make an announcement on the next chair "before Christmas." Lately, National Economic Council Director Kevin Hassett has been seen as the favorite to replace Powell. I think the market's more so focused on, 'Well, who's coming next, and is that person really going to be leading the charge downward even more so in rates somewhat, regardless of what the data says?'" said David Krakauer, vice president of portfolio management at Mercer Advisors. I think what you're seeing here is just more potential fuel for what the longer term trajectory will be under more dovish leadership." AI clarity After November's drubbing of artificial intelligence stocks due, at least in part, to concerns around their sky-high valuations, investors next week may get some new insight into where the trade could be headed when Oracle releases its latest quarterly results after the close Wednesday. Also on tap next week: Synopsys on Wednesday, after Nvidia took a $2 billion stake last week , and Broadcom next Friday, after more than doubling in the past year. Oracle soared more than 30% in September alone — one day rising the most since 1992 — after the database management software provider said it had $455 billion in performance obligations from customers, and projected $144 billion in cloud infrastructure revenue in fiscal 2030, up from $10 billion in fiscal 2025. It seems, to me, this is a multi-year cycle, and it's going to be with us at least through 2026 from a capex- and an investment point of view, if not beyond." Week ahead calendar All times ET.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/opinions/2025/12/5/xenophobia-runs-the-world?traffic_source=rss
Article: Their country is no good for a reason …” This is what United States President Donald Trump had to say about Somali migrants on the first day of an immigration crackdown targeting their community. He insisted that Somali migrants have turned the US state of Minnesota, where some 2 percent of the population is of Somali descent, into a “hellhole” and should be “out of here”. Who can forget that, before his cordial meeting with Trump at the White House, several MAGA Republicans made serious efforts to revoke the US citizenship of New York City mayor-elect Zohran Mamdani. Advertisement Beneath its long-cultivated image as a progressive, humane and orderly society built on universal healthcare, Lego, highly liveable cities and minimalist designer aesthetics, Denmark has in recent years become one of Europe’s most restrictive states on immigration and asylum. During the recently concluded local elections, Islamophobic rhetoric was on full display, and in the lead-up to the 2026 national elections, the ruling Social Democrats have placed their commitment to tackling the so-called problem of immigration at the centre of their campaign. Under pressure from the far right and Reform UK’s enduring rise in the polls, Prime Minister Keir Starmer is eager to convince people that he can be trusted to take back control of our borders and close the book on a squalid chapter of Britain’s immigration policy. He has warned that the UK risks becoming an island of strangers unless immigration is sharply reduced, and has promised that his government’s reforms will ensure that migration will fall. These abuses occur within a system effectively underwritten by European governments, which have funnelled funding, training and equipment to Libyan coastguard units tasked with intercepting migrants before they reach international waters. Keen to stem the flow of migrants across the Mediterranean, European Union states have outsourced border control to Libya despite knowing the consequences, supporting the authorities’ ability to continue with measures the United Nations says could very likely amount to crimes against humanity. In early 2023, President Kais Saied claimed there was a criminal plan to change Tunisia’s demographic makeup through irregular migration, turning it into a purely African country that has no affiliation to the Arab and Islamic nations. According to Xenowatch, a project hosted by the University of the Witwatersrand that tracks xenophobic discrimination and violence, there have been 1,295 recorded incidents since 1994, including displacement, looting of migrant-owned businesses and killings. The state also constructed a 40-kilometre fence along the border with Zimbabwe to block infected or undocumented persons, despite Zimbabwe having only 11 confirmed COVID-19 cases at the time compared with South Africa’s 1,845. The Put South Africans First movement, a coalition of civil society groups advocating the mass deportation of African migrants, organised a march to the Nigerian and Zimbabwean embassies on September 23, 2020, claiming that foreigners contribute to South Africa’s social ills such as drugs, human trafficking and child abductions. Of course, I could keep going, from increasing restrictions in countries like Colombia, Peru, Chile and Ecuador aimed at stemming the influx of Venezuelan migrants, to Indian authorities forcibly expelling ethnic Bengali Muslims to Bangladesh without due process, domestic guarantees and international human rights standards, claiming that they are undocumented. Advertisement In this logic, the migrant becomes a ready-made scapegoat, a figure onto whom we project all the ills we believe threaten who we are or what we stand for.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/sports/2025/12/5/fifa-world-cup-2026-draw-groups-teams-format-trump-peace-prize?traffic_source=rss
Article: After weeks of a politically charged build-up to the FIFA World Cup 2026 draw and amid the presence of United States President Donald Trump, the focus swiftly shifted to football as the fate of the participating teams was unveiled at the event in Washington, DC. President Trump, Canadian Prime Minister Mark Carney and Mexican President Claudia Sheinbaum were all in attendance as the leaders of the three co-host nations as the US capital played host for the event at the Kennedy Center on Friday. FIFA President Gianni Infantino awarded the US president the new FIFA Peace Prize, having been termed the favourite to receive it in the weeks since the award’s announcement in November. However, for the 42 qualified teams, their officials and fans, it was the latter half of the event that carried more weight as the 12 tournament groups of four teams each were drawn. The World Cup’s first game will be a throwback to 2010 when Mexico take on South Africa on June 11 in Mexico City in a replay of the 2010 edition’s tournament opener. The 42 confirmed nations are: Advertisement Africa: Algeria, Cape Verde, Egypt, Ghana, Ivory Coast, Morocco, Senegal, South Africa, Tunisia Asia: Australia, Iran, Japan, Jordan, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, South Korea, Uzbekistan Europe: Austria, Belgium, Croatia, England, France, Germany, Netherlands, Norway, Portugal, Scotland, Spain, Switzerland Oceania: New Zealand Americas: Argentina, Brazil, Colombia, Ecuador, Paraguay, Uruguay, Curacao, Panama, Haiti, USA, Mexico, Canada What are the groups for the FIFA World Cup 2026? Group A: Mexico, South Korea, South Africa, plus one of Denmark, Macedonia, Czechia or Ireland Mexico, South Korea, South Africa, plus one of Denmark, Macedonia, Czechia or Ireland Group B: Canada, Switzerland, Qatar, plus one of Italy, Northern Ireland, Wales or Bosnia Canada, Switzerland, Qatar, plus one of Italy, Northern Ireland, Wales or Bosnia Group C: Brazil, Morocco, Scotland, Haiti Brazil, Morocco, Scotland, Haiti Group D: USA, Australia, Paraguay, plus one of Turkiye, Romania, Slovakia or Kosovo USA, Australia, Paraguay, plus one of Turkiye, Romania, Slovakia or Kosovo Group E: Germany, Ecuador, Ivory Coast, Curacao Germany, Ecuador, Ivory Coast, Curacao Group F: Netherlands, Japan, Tunisia, plus one of Ukraine, Sweden, Poland and Albania Netherlands, Japan, Tunisia, plus one of Ukraine, Sweden, Poland and Albania Group G: Belgium, Iran, Egypt, New Zealand Belgium, Iran, Egypt, New Zealand Group H: Spain, Uruguay, Saudi Arabia, Cape Verde Spain, Uruguay, Saudi Arabia, Cape Verde Group I: France, Senegal, Norway, plus one of Iraq, Bolivia or Suriname France, Senegal, Norway, plus one of Iraq, Bolivia or Suriname Group J: Argentina, Austria, Algeria, Jordan Argentina, Austria, Algeria, Jordan Group K: Portugal, Colombia, Uzbekistan, plus one of DRC, Jamaica or New Caledonia Portugal, Colombia, Uzbekistan, plus one of DRC, Jamaica or New Caledonia Group L:England, Croatia, Panama, Ghana What’s the format of the FIFA World Cup 20 26? At the end of the 68 group-stage matches, the top two teams from each of the 12 groups will qualify for the round of 32 and will be joined by the eight best third-place finishers. Brazil vs Morocco USA vs Paraguay England vs Croatia Netherlands vs Japan Iran vs Egypt Spain vs Uruguay France vs Senegal Argentina vs Austria Algeria vs Jordan Portugal vs Colombia Why was Trump given the FIFA Peace Prize? The US president became the first ever recipient of FIFA’s new peace prize – as his close ally Infantino presented the 79-year-old with the award weeks after Trump failed to win a much sought-after Nobel Peace Prize. In awarding the prize, Infantino told Trump it was a “beautiful medal for you that you can wear everywhere you want to go.” Trump promptly placed the medal around his neck. The US president often insists that he deserves the Nobel Peace Prize for his role in ending what he says are eight conflicts this year, including a fragile ceasefire in Gaza. Trump thanked his family, including his wife, First Lady Melania Trump, and praised the leaders of the other two host nations in his brief remarks, saying the coordination with the countries has been “outstanding.” “This is truly one of the great honours of my life,” Trump said, adding that “most important, I just want to thank everybody. With the European qualification rounds stretching to March and the intercontinental playoff final also scheduled for the same month, we will not know our final 48 teams for the World Cup until March 31, 2026. The European leg will seal the last four UEFA spots in the World Cup, while the intercontinental playoff will see representatives of all other continental groups contest for the last two berths. European playoff teams: Albania, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Czechia, Denmark, Italy, Kosovo, Poland, Republic of Ireland, Slovakia, Turkiye, Ukraine, Wales, Romania, Sweden, Northern Ireland, North Macedonia Intercontinental playoff teams: Bolivia, DR Congo, Iraq, Jamaica, New Caledonia and Suriname When are the European and intercontinental playoffs for the World Cup 2026? In Europe, the 16 competing teams vying for four places have been divided into four playoff paths, with each of the four paths comprising two single-leg semifinals and one single-leg final. The top two seeded teams – Iraq and DRC – have earned direct qualification for the two finals, while the other two finalists will be determined via two semifinals played between the four remaining teams. “I’m going to take it one day at a time; being honest and trying to be realistic and feel good,” he said in an interview with ESPN Argentina this week. I’m going to assess that on a day-to-day basis when I start preseason next year with Inter, and see if I can really be 100 percent, if I can be useful, and then make a decision. We’re coming off winning the last one, and being able to defend it on the field again is spectacular, because it’s always a dream to play with the national team.” When is the FIFA World Cup 2026 scheduled?

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/5/us-health-panel-ditches-guidance-to-give-hepatitis-b-vaccine-to-newborns?traffic_source=rss
Article: A top-level vaccine panel in the United States government has voted to peel back guidance that newborn babies should receive a vaccine to shield against hepatitis B, a virus that can cause chronic liver problems. On Friday, the Advisory Committee on Immunization Practices (ACIP) voted eight to three to rescind the medical advice, which has helped make hepatitis B vaccines a routine part of post-natal care. Instead, ACIP approved new guidance that encourages parents who have no history of hepatitis B infection to speak with their healthcare provider about whether to administer the vaccine to their infants. We can no longer trust federal health authorities when it comes to vaccines,” Michael Osterholm, the director of the University of Minnesota’s Center for Infectious Disease Research and Policy, told the news agency Reuters. Its decision will result in more hepatitis B infections and more people with chronic liver disease.” Advertisement He added that, if ACIP continues to ignore the evidence about vaccine efficacy and safety, “parents and clinicians must ignore ACIP”. Shake-up at ACIP One of the most prominent changes Kennedy has made, however, has been at the ACIP, a panel focused on vaccines that has been in existence since 1964. “The science is clear: the hepatitis B birth dose saves lives, and there is no new evidence to justify delaying or removing this critical protection,” the American Pharmacists Association said in a statement.

Link: https://www.latimes.com/california/story/la-timeless/dying-mothers-plan-buy-gun-rent-hotel-room-kill-her-son
Article: When the two women reunited, Chong was overjoyed that serendipity had placed them on such similar life paths; that they could be friends as children, teenagers, wives and mothers; that their sons could grow up together. That’s when she began to see the signs of familial distress: The garden Chong had helped George plant after his father’s death — bell peppers, tomatoes, strawberries and eggplants — was repeatedly destroyed. “If there was something wrong with George,” Chong says now, “only she knew.” But one day, after his report card came back full of F’s, she described him with an odd term: seoi zai. But even when Asian American patients find professional help, their family and friends often struggle to speak openly about the subject, and so miss out on that important piece of informal therapy says Glenn Masuda, associate director of the Asian Pacific Family Center, in Rosemead. The fallout from such portrayals, says DJ Ida, director of the National Asian Pacific Islander Mental Health Assn., is that families internalize societal fears about mental illness and mass shootings. A few weeks before Hang submitted the information for a background check and began waiting for her handgun, Dylann Roof, a white supremacist with a bowl haircut and vacant gaze, shot nine people in a South Carolina African Methodist Episcopal Church. V: The roads not taken There is plenty a dying parent can do to create a safe future for a troubled child; plenty that friends or family can do when a loved one seems dangerous. At the Asian Pacific Family Center, a Asian immigrant father with a fatal cancer diagnosis recently came in with his schizophrenic daughter, tortured by the same concerns that Hang had about George, says Masuda.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/local/dallas-county/dallas-holiday-parade-route-road-closures-traffic-impact/287-6c442110-2a6f-46ca-a7c7-ca34d15a0df7
Article: Example video title will go here for this video Next up in 5 Example video title will go here for this video Next up in 5 To stream WFAA on your phone, you need the WFAA app. Route and road closures The parade will start at the intersection of Market Street and Commerce Street going east on Commerce Street before turning right on Harwood Street, then right on Young Street before dispersing around the intersection of Young Street and Ervay Street, according to organizers.

Link: https://abc7.com/post/national-geographics-new-documentary-tale-silyan-tells-heartwarming-story-human-kindness/18247610/
Article: "Silyan wasn't accepted amongst the other storks because he was different from them." National Geographic's newest documentary "The Tale of Silyan" explores the heartwarming story of a down on his luck farmer's unlikely bond with an injured stork. This is the first story I heard from my farming grandparents." The story about Silyan stayed with Kotevska all these years but actually wasn't the original idea for her documentary. While the tale is "the key identity of (her) culture and (her) land," it wasn't until main character Nikola, a farmer in rural North Macedonia, discovered the wounded stork that she connected the two stories together. "Once Nikola found the stork and started living with the stork, it was only natural to, to get back to it and find the meaning, rediscover the meaning of it." "The Tale of Silyan" won the Best Film Cinema and Arts Award at the 82nd Venice Film Festival and is now getting Oscar buzz. That there is such a brand on this planet that inspires young filmmakers, you know, to do this kind of courageous moves." Cinematographer Jean Dakar echoed Kotevska's sentiments, "So, it's great actually.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c0je4v8j0vzo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Meghan has 'reached out' to estranged father after amputation reports 17 minutes ago Share Save Daniela Relph , Royal correspondent and Amy Walker Share Save Getty Images The Duchess of Sussex has attempted to contact her estranged father, Thomas Markle, who is reported to be seriously ill in hospital in the Philippines.

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/12/05/nx-s1-5632602/trumps-garbage-comment-met-with-disappointment-in-somalia
Article: Trump's 'garbage' comment met with disappointment in Somalia toggle caption TONY KARUMBA/AFP via Getty Images JOHANNESBURG, South Africa — This week, after saying he was cutting down on immigration from "third world countries" in the wake of the deadly attack on two National Guard members by an Afghan national, President Trump turned his wrath on people from Somalia, calling them "garbage." He advised Somali Americans to go back to the Horn of African nation and "fix it," calling it "hell." Somalia has been plagued by clan-based conflict for decades and is currently fighting the Islamist insurgent group al-Shabab. and "are working to make our country better." Many Somalis at home also rejected Trump's comments, saying they too were working to make their country better -- despite danger, poverty and political mismanagement. We go, we do, because every life has an equal value … no one should be left to die just because helping them is not safe." Sponsor Message "Somali People Never Give Up" The courageous dentist is not the only Somali filling gaps left by the government and contributing to the wider community. "We're really talking about a Somali population, both in Somalia and the diaspora that has made huge contributions to their communities," says Ahmed Soliman, Horn of Africa researcher at British think tank Chatham House. has been engaged in Somalia for decades, they are an important bilateral partner, an important partner in helping the Somali federal government to stabilize its security against the Islamist insurgency al-Shabab " Soliman said.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/world/eu-fines-elon-musks-x-120-million-euros-for-breaching-blocs-social-media-law
Article: LONDON (AP) — European Union regulators on Friday fined X, Elon Musk’s social media platform, 120 million euros ($140 million) for breaches of the bloc’s digital regulations, in a move that risks rekindling tensions with Washington over free speech. The sweeping rulebook requires platforms to take more responsibility for protecting European users and cleaning up harmful or illegal content and products on their sites, under threat of hefty fines. READ MORE: France will investigate Musk’s Grok after AI chatbot posted Holocaust denial claims The Commission, the bloc’s executive arm, said it was punishing X because of three different breaches of the DSA’s transparency requirements. “The days of censoring Americans online are over.” Vice President JD Vance, posting on X ahead of the decision, accused the Commission of seeking to fine X “for not engaging in censorship.” “The EU should be supporting free speech not attacking American companies over garbage,” he wrote. The Commission is “not targeting anyone, not targeting any company, not targeting any jurisdictions based on their color or their country of origin,” spokesman Thomas Regnier told a regular briefing in Brussels. Before Musk acquired X, when it was previously known as Twitter, the checkmarks mirrored verification badges common on social media and were largely reserved for celebrities, politicians and other influential accounts, such as Beyonce, Pope Francis, writer Neil Gaiman and rapper Lil Nas X. That means X does not meaningfully verify who’s behind the account, “making it difficult for users to judge the authenticity of accounts and content they engage with,” the Commission said in its announcement. Platforms in the EU are required to provide a database of all the digital advertisements they have carried, with details such as who paid for them and the intended audience, to help researches detect scams, fake ads and coordinated influence campaigns. But X’s database, the Commission said, is undermined by design features and access barriers such as “excessive delays in processing.” Regulators also said X also puts up “unnecessary barriers” for researchers trying to access public data, which stymies research into systemic risks that European users face.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/economy/2025/12/5/starbucks-union-workers-face-off-as-old-tensions-over-wages-spill-over?traffic_source=rss
Article: New York City, United States – A passionate crowd of a few hundred people lined the heavily trafficked Fifth Avenue in New York City, cascading with picket signs calling on coffee giant Starbucks to negotiate a contract with its union. Picketers held signs saying “No Contract, No Coffee” and “Baristas on Strike” as they lined the sidewalk, blocking the front doors of the Empire State Building, the single most iconic landmark in the United States and which houses an office for the company alongside one of its more high-end signature stores called Starbucks Reserve. “Stop stalling contracts, negotiate with the workers and sign a contract for fair wages,” Elon, one of the detained baristas, told Al Jazeera as he was loaded into an NYPD bus. The facts speak for themselves: partner engagement is up, turnover is nearly half the industry average, and we get more than 1 million job applications a year,” Starbucks spokesperson Jaci Anderson told Al Jazeera. That’s what Al Jazeera found on Starbucks’ jobs board: a barista position in Elko, Nevada starts at $15.25, a supervisor role in Kansas starts at $19.37 per hour, a barista role in Brooklyn, New York, is open for a starting wage of $17.25 and a shift supervisor role that starts at $22.25 per hour. Starbucks said that the union is demanding a 65 percent pay increase in the immediate future and 77 percent over the next three years, and higher pay for other elements of their jobs, including weekend hours, early or late hours, sorting inventory, and working on days of promotions, like the store’s Red Cup Day, which typically brings in heavier traffic. Starbucks simply said ‘no’ to all of them, and then disingenuously added up all the options as if they were one cohesive demand,” Michelle Eisen, Starbucks Workers United spokesperson, told Al Jazeera. “That would be like walking into Starbucks, adding up the entire menu, and saying it costs $1,000 to order a drink at Starbucks.” Advertisement Political pressure Starbucks is also facing increased pressure in New York City, where the chain has 300 stores. This week, the current Adams administration solidified a $38.9m settlement with the coffeeshop chain for violations of the city’s Fair Workweek law, which requires employers to provide predictable schedules, advance notice, and to give existing workers the opportunity for more hours before hiring new employees. While Mamdani answered Al Jazeera’s questions on Tuesday in a news conference, his press team did not respond to requests for comment following the arrests of members of the union he marched with only two days before. “I’ll tell you what is also different is that for years, four years have come and gone, and hundreds of shops have voted to join unions, 12,000 workers have voted to join unions. On the federal level, under the administration of US President Donald Trump, the National Labor Relations Board — the federal agency where workers bring labour rights complaints to— has been scaled back. Long-term tensions The nationwide movement — a wave of unionisation that has called for better pay has been years in the making, beginning after a store in Buffalo, New York, voted to unionise in 2021. Among allegations of union-busting practices under then CEO Schultz, is surveillance amongst workers and what are called “captive audience” meetings in which workers had to listen to anti-union messaging from the company. In 2024, the NLRB ruled that Schultz made a threat to employees in a 2022 town hall in which he said, “If you’re not happy at Starbucks, you can go work for another company.” Advertisement “There is an exhaustion amongst New Yorkers at the sheer contrast between these workers, who cannot afford to live in this city, and CEOs who are making $96m a year on the backs of those same workers’ labour,” Mamdani said. Mamdani was referring to Brian Niccol, who took over as CEO from Schultz in September 2024, with a compensation package of nearly $96m — or 6,666 times the median employee salary. With sales slumping, Niccol was brought in with the hopes that he would turn the company around after a short stint by Laxman Narasimhan, who was ousted by the board amid looming pressure from activist investors and slowing sales. “We had a solid 9 months of really good bargaining in 2024, which came to a screeching halt when this current CEO stepped into that role,” said Eisen, whose Buffalo location became the first store to vote to unionise. I think they do recognise that the people with the solutions are the ones in the cafes every single day and we are just waiting for them to pick that conversation up so we can finalise that contract,” Eisen said.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/video/newsfeed/2025/12/5/west-african-culture-takes-center-stage-at-dakars-ecofest-2025?traffic_source=rss
Article: NewsFeed West African culture takes center stage at Dakar’s ECOFEST 2025 ECOFEST 2025 is under way in Dakar, Senegal, with a focus on how culture fosters resilience amid political crises in West Africa.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/politics/elections/voters-backed-trump-2024-democrats-2025-will-2026-rcna246847
Article: Voters who backed Democratic governors in New Jersey and Virginia this year after voting for President Donald Trump in 2024 have a message for both parties: reject your party’s extremes and run campaigns about more than just Trump. They explained that they were drawn in last month's elections in their states to Govs.-elect Mikie Sherrill and Abigail Spanberger, who cast themselves as moderates and transcended the damaged Democratic Party brand. And while 10 of these voters disapproved of Trump’s job performance so far and voiced concerns about high prices, a majority said they did not view their votes for governor as a protest vote against Trump. Instead, their consistent refrain serves as an important message to Republicans and Democrats as they look to sway swing voters in key races across the country next year: Candidate quality matters, ranging from positions on issues to personality to professional background. “I mean, look, I’m a Republican, but let me tell you, if somebody is checking all the boxes for me, if they’re a Democrat, I’m going to go with my gut and what I feel,” Cynthia G., a 52-year-old from New Jersey, said of Sherrill, who served in Congress before she won the governorship. She’ll get things done,” said Cynthia, who participated in the recent focus groups, which were produced by Syracuse University and the research firms Engagious and Sago and observed by NBC News as part of the 2025 “Deciders” series. Exit polling from the New Jersey and Virginia gubernatorial races show Sherrill and Spanberger, another former House member, both had some crossover appeal as they sailed to double-digit victories, each winning 7% of voters who cast ballots for Trump in 2024. These focus groups shed light on why some voters backed Democrats despite sharply negative views of the Democratic Party and illustrated nuanced views of Trump and how he now factors into their political thinking. "While affordability, political moderation, and President Trump’s job performance all mattered in Virginia’s and New Jersey’s gubernatorial races, what mattered most to swing voters was candidate quality." Candidates matter These voters — including 12 self-described independents, one Republican and one Democrat — said they supported Trump in 2024 because they were optimistic he could better handle the economy. And while these voters view both parties negatively, they were especially critical of the Democratic Party, describing Democrats when asked to offer a brief assessment as “dishonest,” “weak,” “unfocused,” “self-serving,” “wishy-washy, and “ineffective.” But Sherrill and Spanberger, a former CIA officer, were still able to win them over by casting themselves as pragmatic moderates and stressing their national security backgrounds. Because being in the military, when you have a job that needs to get done, you get it done, you make sure you find a way to do it.” Other voters described Sherrill and Spanberger as “sensible,” “pragmatic” and “down-to-earth.” None said they backed the Democrats solely because they would oppose Trump’s policies. “It’s easy to see these Democratic wins in Virginia and New Jersey as a referendum on President Trump, but what these swing voters told us is not quite that simple," said Margaret Talev, director of Syracuse University’s Institute for Democracy, Journalism & Citizenship. "Moderation, competency and personal appeal is the combination they crave." Some voters were turned off by the GOP candidates’ embrace of Trump, even though these voters supported him last year. “Winsome Earle-Sears just seemed to be an extremist who actually just kept defining herself in comparison to others than rather what she stood for, and would propagate the worst of the Trump policies,” said Robert L., a 54-year-old from Springfield, Virginia. Christian G., 25, of Clifton, New Jersey, described Ciattarelli as a “phony” who was “piggybacking off of Trump a lot, or just utilizing Trump’s name in general.” All but one of the New Jersey voters said their state has been going in the “wrong direction,” but they still voted for a Democrat after two terms of Democratic Gov. “Whereas I voted for him back in ‘24, now, a year later I’m feeling let down.” Down on Trump The former Trump voters have some significant disagreements with the president — including over health care, his immigration policies, the Defense Department’s attacks on suspected drug boats from South America, and the handling of documents related to the federal investigation into Jeffrey Epstein. Some, like Cynthia G., the 52-year-old New Jersey Republican, believe that the economy is moving “in the right direction, to a degree.” She’s been heartened by seeing prices for goods like eggs going down, even though most of the groups said they’ve seen significant price increases broadly. And he’s done it for the worse.” Some grounded their frustration with Trump’s policies in what they saw as a general abdication of his campaign promise to lift up everyday Americans. “It’s a bait and switch with him where he said he was for the average person but he actually favors big business, and then just does whatever he wants and there’s no consequences,” said Justin K., a 39-year-old independent from Arlington, Virginia, who added that he thinks the “big tech companies” have Trump’s “ear.” In total, the group was largely down on Trump’s actions on immigration, with just two of the 14 respondents saying they approved, on the whole, of the administration’s policies. Some who had positive things to say about the administration clamping down on illegal border crossings were still deeply critical of its mass deportation policies and the widespread arrests being carried out by Immigration and Customs Enforcement. military strikes ordered by Trump on alleged drug boats from Venezuela, or Trump accusing Democrats of “seditious behavior” for making a video calling on members of the military to refuse illegal orders, those who had heard about the episodes largely disagreed with the president. Only one participant backed using the military to strike suspected drug traffickers overseas, arguing America has a “right to defend ourselves from any country, or any person, who’s trying to bring in illicit substances that kill people.” The others criticized the administration for exceeding its authority. One voter called it a “great political stunt,” another said it was “insulting” to troops who already knew the rules, and another hesitated because “it’s going to make people start to question everything that’s going on.” But there was near unanimity in their belief that Trump’s response — posting social media messages labeling the lawmakers’ actions as “SEDITIOUS BEHAVIOR, punishable by DEATH” — was not appropriate. “The last comment, punishable by death — I don’t think you should even go there, calling them traitors and everything like that,” Cynthia G., the 52-year-old New Jersey Republican, said.

Link: https://www.latimes.com/california/story/2025-12-05/newsom-visits-washington-to-renew-calls-for-federal-la-fire-funding
Article: Gavin Newsom kept a low profile as he swung through the nation’s capital this week, holding meetings with a handful of lawmakers Friday on Capitol Hill as he renewed calls for billions in federal recovery aid following the Los Angeles fires. The governor’s office disclosed little before his trip about Newsom’s schedule in Washington, saying afterward that he met with five lawmakers, including three who serve on the Senate and House committees on Appropriations, as well as Sen. Advertisement Newsom told The Times that the Federal Emergency Management Agency denied his request for a meeting, a setback that underscored the political friction with the Trump administration surrounding California’s $33.9-billion appeal for long-term disaster funding nearly a year after the devastating Los Angeles fires ignited. The governor said his visit was meant to make “the universal case for support for recovery,” not just for California, but for other states that were hit with disasters, such as Texas and North Carolina. When asked if he thought his discussions with lawmakers had been successful, Newsom said he was glad to have been able to meet with “folks on the other side of the aisle,” and he characterized the meetings as an example of “remarkable graciousness.” Advertisement Newsom’s office said the governor also met with Sen. Disaster relief at stake Newsom is urging the Trump administration to send Congress a formal request for $33.9 billion in recovery aid needed to rebuild homes, schools, utilities and other critical infrastructure destroyed or damaged when the fires tore through neighborhoods beginning Jan. Advertisement “Back in January, the President looked me in the eye on the tarmac at LAX and promised me, and the people of LA, that he’d ‘take care of it’ as we rebuild and recover,” Newsom said in a statement Thursday. The governor’s visit to Washington comes as Republicans in the House and Senate have launched two congressional inquiries into California officials’ response to the Palisades fire and how organizations have distributed disaster relief funds to victims. Newsom has welcomed the congressional scrutiny, saying his administration has “embraced transparency because Californians deserve nothing else.” Williamson indictment on spotlight Newsom has kept a low profile since news broke that his former chief of staff Dana Williamson was arrested on federal corruption charges. Newsom has not spoken publicly about the indictment, besides an interview with the Sacramento Bee, where he described his reaction to the indictment as “real surprise and shock.” Advertisement The governor told the Bee how Williamson was placed on leave last November when she informed his office of the federal investigation. He said he “wasn’t privy to the details” and that his hope was that “it would be worked out.” Asked by The Times on Friday during a three-minute interview whether he knew anything about the ongoing investigation, Newsom said, “I really don’t.” Newsom also said he has not been interviewed by the Department of Justice regarding the investigation. attorney in Sacramento, told The Times in November that federal authorities had approached Williamson more than a year ago seeking help with some kind of investigation of the governor himself. Advertisement Newsom was a featured speaker Wednesday at the New York Times’ DealBook Summit, where he dodged questions about whether he will run for president in 2028, but was not asked about the indictment that has reverberated through Sacramento political circles. Donald Trump crushed us in the last election.” Advertisement Newsom added that the issues with the Democratic party go beyond what went wrong with the passing of the baton between Biden and Kamala Harris. We have a party that, I think, needs to design and develop a compelling economic vision for the future where people feel included, to reconcile the fact that if we don’t democratize our economy, we’re not going to save democracy.”

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/mlb/dodgers-tarik-skubal-trade-tyler-glasnow-11165820
Article: The Athletic's Jim Bowden proposed this trade to bring Skubal to Los Angeles: Dodgers receive: LHP Tarik Skubal Tigers receive: RHP Tyler Glasnow, RHP Emmet Sheehan, OF Zyhir Hope (MLB No.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/mlb/dodgers-face-concerning-development-in-signing-top-free-agent-reliever-11165847
Article: More news: Dodgers’ Teoscar Hernandez Unexpectedly Linked to Red Sox by MLB Insider The Dodgers' only signing thus far has been the return of World Series hero Miguel Rojas on a one-year, $5.5 million deal. The team insiders revealed a key aspect of the Dodgers' preferences in signing a reliever:"With the Winter Meetings set to begin next week in Orlando, the Dodgers’ work is far from done. They want to be engaged on several of the top relievers available on the market, league sources said, but have tried to stick to shorter-term frameworks." The remaining top free agent closers on the market are Robert Suarez and Edwin Diaz, and both stars are looking to sign long-term deals.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/how-to-watch-nuggets-vs-hawks-live-stream-nba-tv-channel-11164568
Article: How to Watch Denver Nuggets vs Atlanta Hawks When: Friday, December 5, 2025 Time: 7:30 PM ET TV Channel: Altitude Sports, FanDuel Sports Network Southeast try for free ) Live Stream: Fubo ( Jamal Murray, questionable before the game with a sprained ankle, went off for 52 points on Wednesday night, hitting 10-of-11 from 3-point range to lead Denver to a 135-120 road win over the Indiana Pacers. Nikola Jokić added 24 points, 13 assists, and eight rebounds while Bruce Brown came off the bench for 14 points, and Peyton Watson finished with 11 points and three blocked shots. Johnson leads Atlanta with averages of 23.2 points, 10.0 rebounds, and 7.3 assists, with Alexander-Walker scoring 20.4 points per game and Daniels leading the league with 2.3 steals per night. They carry all of the channels you will need to never miss your favorite team's games, including nationally broadcast channels like ESPN, ABC, and NBA TV, as well as local team coverage.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/mark-messiers-game-7-brand-shop-nba-nhl-gear-for-the-holidays-11165313
Article: GAME 7 was developed with help from Danny DeVito and a team of veteran executives, launching its NBA collection in April 2025, and has now expanded to the NHL with new pieces available for the 2025 holiday season. GAME 7 is built around the idea that “Game 7 is the two greatest words in sports.” The brand celebrates the winner-take-all mentality, the moments where stars turn into champions and champions turn into legends. To extend that mindset beyond apparel, Messier and his team also developed the GAME 7 anthology for Prime Video, a storytelling project built around the emotion, tension, and iconic moments that define Game 7 greatness. Shop the NHL & NBA Game 7 Collections Today You can shop the full Game 7 NHL Collection and more on Game 7 to pick up your favorite team's gear for the holidays.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nfl/vikings-rb-aaron-jones-awkward-jj-mccarthy-comment-turns-heads-11165901
Article: The decision to pare down has come with mixed reviews, as many Vikings playmakers have been asked about their thoughts on the game plan entering a Week 14 matchup against the Washington Commanders. But that emphasis on making the offense simpler for McCarthy may come at the expense of its upside, Jones admitted in an awkward comment about the state of the offense. Read more: Steelers Dealt Concerning Adam Thielen Update After Claiming Ex-Vikings WR “Where it gets complex, where everybody may not have the same deeper understanding of each play concept, is where we’ve, I guess, in a way, dumbed it down,” Jones said uneasily. Read more: Justin Jefferson’s Rare Behavior After Vikings Loss Raises Concerns "In JJM’s defense, we’ve seen veteran QB’s be successful in this offense because of the nuances they have learned over the years and also playing in very similar systems before. With the Vikings effectively telling McCarthy not to worry about the nuances of the offense and play ball, this week will be a litmus test for the 22-year-old quarterback who has five more starts to prove himself as a starter moving forward.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/why-flags-are-half-staff-today-this-weekend-united-states-11162461
Article: A congressional resolution passed in 1994 requires that from sunrise to sundown on December 7, flags be flown at half-staff to honor those lost in the attack and to remember an infamous event in U.S. President Donald Trump ordered all national flags to be lowered to half-staff through Thursday, December 4, following the fatal shooting of Army Specialist Sarah Beckstrom, a West Virginia National Guard member killed near the White House on November 26. West Virginia: Governor Patrick Morrisey ordered flags lowered to honor Staff Sergeant Wolfe and Specialist Beckstrom, urging a statewide moment of silence and prayer on December 5 at 2:15 p.m., recognizing their service and sacrifice after they were ambushed by a shooter in Washington, D.C. What People Are Saying In his proclamation last year, President Donald Trump said: "On National Pearl Harbor Remembrance Day, we honor the 2,403 service members and civilians who were killed on that tragic December morning 83 years ago. And we recognize the absolute courage of the service members who, in the wake of this painful and unprovoked attack, stood up to defend democracy and stand up to fascism abroad in World War II." California Governor Gavin Newsom, announcing the tribute to those killed in Stockton, said: “No child should ever have their life taken from them," and "we mourn and stand with the community as it grieves." West Virginia Governor Patrick Morrisey said in a proclamation: “These two West Virginia heroes were serving our country and protecting our nation’s capital when they were maliciously attacked. Whether it was serving his constituents in the Michigan House of Representatives or making change as the Director of the Michigan Democratic Party, Fred always worked hard to make Michiganders’ lives better." Connecticut Governor Ned Lamont said in a statement: “Kevin Ryan was among the most dedicated and enthusiastic legislators, who was devoted to his district and serving the people of Ledyard, Montville, and Norwich.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/ncaa/georgia-hc-kirby-smart-reacts-to-cfp-rankings-idea-from-vanderbilt-coach-11165941
Article: Read more: Heisman Winner Has Blunt CFP Warning for Kalen DeBoer’s Alabama During a press conference with Georgia's Kirby Smart, a reporter asked him about Lea's remarks, including his suggestions for another game. Everybody on the outside looking in wants another game, and people would argue, you had plenty of games," Smart said, after saying he wasn't sure how he felt about Lea's idea. Smart said the idea of “play-in games” within the conference, or cross-conference, was “talked about” or “tossed around last year.” “It’s nothing more than an extension of the playoffs,” he said, also adding, “We’ll still debate about who’s in those play-in games.” Smart said he thinks some coaches believe the play-in idea is a "better model" because it gives their fans "something to hope for," and that everyone wants "a piece of the 12" spots in the College Football Playoff rankings. On Friday, Commodores coach Clark Lea confirmed to "Wake Up Barstool" that he and his program attempted to add another game to the schedule for this weekend to help make their case to the committee.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/ncaa/colorado-buffaloes-deion-sanders-bad-year-worse-11166056
Article: Read more: Florida, Jon Sumrall Hand LSU’s Lane Kiffin a Crushing Loss It will be interesting to see what the future has in store for Sanders and the Colorado football team.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/most-americans-say-ai-increases-bias-11165920
Article: A whopping 91 percent said being interviewed by an AI agent would change their perception of a company, but 54.6 percent would still interview with an AI agent to secure a job. Altogether, 67.1 percent said they believe AI is decreasing job openings, and 66 percent said all companies should be required to disclose when they use AI in the hiring process. “Most employees are open to AI that improves efficiency and consistency – and they place high value on employers being transparent about where and how it's used, particularly in decisions that impact careers.” What People Are Saying HR consultant Bryan Driscoll told Newsweek: “AI was trained on biased data. Instead, they're buying a tool and trusting whatever comes out, essentially outsourcing thinking to a machine.” What Happens Next When AI is used in hiring, performance management, or internal investigations without transparency, oversight, or guardrails, it's simply widening the gap of bias, Driscoll said.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/meghan-markle-father-prince-harry-feud-royals-update-11165944
Article: The pair have not spoken since 2018 when they fell out over Thomas Markle, 81, staging pictures with the paparazzi for money in the days leading up to her wedding to Prince Harry. It is not known whether Meghan's attempt to contact her father was successful or not, but if this does result in a conversation between them it will have smoothed over a bitter feud which at one point saw Markle threaten to do a media interview about his daughter every month until she agreed to speak to him again.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/ncaa/no-1-college-football-recruit-makes-final-decision-on-lane-kiffin-lsu-11165615
Article: Brown, a University Lab (Baton Rouge) product with state titles in shot put/discuss, committed in July, but didn't put ink on his paperwork until Friday after briefly delaying his signature while waiting for clarity on LSU’s new staff. Read More: Big Ten Star Announces Major Career Decision After 7-5 Season Kiffin — introduced as LSU’s head coach on Monday after six seasons transforming Ole Miss — arrives in Baton Rouge with a long resume of rapid turnarounds and elite offensive production. Across 14 years as a college football head coach, Kiffin has time and again shown an ability to land top recruits, a point driven home by LSU's signing of Brown. Read More: Dan Lanning, Oregon Make Program History With Massive ‘26 Recruiting Haul The early signing period featured a small wave of commits flipping to LSU with Kiffin’s arrival, a handful of LSU pledges reopening their recruitment, and at least one recruit (WR Kervin Johnson Jr.) reversing course to Ole Miss.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/coffee-chains-opening-across-us-in-2026-11165423
Article: Christine Barone, CEO and president of Dutch Bros, said in a statement, “Dutch Bros continues to exceed expectations, driven by the passion our broistas bring to our shops everyday, a focused set of transaction-driving initiatives that provide multi-year growth visibility, and the strength of our new shop openings and pipeline.” ... For many communities, access to quality coffee has been limited, or even nonexistent, but we see an opportunity to change that.” Paris Baguette Paris Baguette is a bakery cafe chain first franchised in the U.S. Our footprint continues to expand, supporting our mission to reestablish the neighborhood bakery café across North America." Smoothie King Smoothie King is a smoothie chain, but it offers a variety of beverages containing cold brew coffee and espresso, including the Coffee D-Lite Vanilla, Coffee High Protein Almond Mocha and Gladiator Chocolate Coffee. “This quarter showcases the continued strength of our incredible franchise community and the exciting momentum driving the Smoothie King brand,” Gavin Felder, Smoothie King president and chief financial officer, said in a statement. “From entering new markets to bringing bold innovation to our menu, we’re growing in ways that matter — expanding our reach while keeping our purpose at the heart of everything we do.” Do you have a story that Newsweek should be covering?

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/mlb/former-astros-infielder-manager-in-israel-dies-11165314
Article: As the head coach for parts of four decades at Miami-Dade College (1980, 1986-2010), Hertz's teams amassed more than 300 victories, won 74 percent of their games, and captured four league championships. “It was just a feeling that I’ll never forget as I’m standing there on the first baseline with the team and they’re playing the national anthem,” Hertz told the Miami New Times in 2017. I just played high school and now I’m playing on this big league team and it’s opening day and I’ll be playing against Pete Rose… Just a humbling experience.” More news: Former Cubs, Mets 3-Time All-Star Outfielder Dies Hertz's major league career would consist of five games with Houston in the 1964 season. More news: Former A’s, Senators Pitcher Dies Hertz spent the 1968 season playing for an independent minor league team managed by Jack McKeon, the future World Series-winning manager, in High Point, North Carolina. More news: Former Tigers Closer, Father of Angels Pitcher, Dies Although he mostly managed at the amateur levels, Hertz amassed a decorated career as a coach in his own right. Besides his work in the Miami area, Hertz co-coached the United States in the junior Pan American Maccabiah Games in Mexico City in 2001, where he won a gold medal, then coached the United States Maccabi team that won a gold medal in Chile in 2003. Hertz is a member of the Miami High School Hall of Fame, the Florida Community College Activities Association Hall of Fame and the NJCAA Baseball Coaches Association Hall of Fame.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/fifa-world-cup-favorites-betting-odds-2026-draw-11165742
Article: Without getting into all of the nuts and bolts—Rio Ferdinand had us covered on that front during the TV broadcast—the draw generally worked as follows: Teams were sorted into four pots based largely on FIFA rankings. World Cup Draw Groups: What to Know With the draw done, the groups are as follows: Group A: Mexico, Korea Republic, South Africa, UEFA Playoff D (Denmark/North Macedonia/Czechia/Republic of Ireland) Group B: Canada, Switzerland, Qatar, UEFA Playoff A (Italy/Northern Ireland/Wales/Bosnia and Herzegovina) Group C: Brazil, Morocco, Scotland, Haiti Group D: USA, Australia, Paraguay, UEFA Playoff D (Turkiye/Romania/Slovakia/Kosovo) Group E: Germany, Ecuador, Ivory Coast, Curacao Group F: Netherlands, Japan, Tunisia, UEFA Playoff B (Sweden/Ukraine/Poland/Albania) Group G: Belgium, Iran, Egypt, New Zealand Group H: Spain, Uruguay, Saudi Arabia, Cabo Verde Group I: France, Senegal, Norway, Intercontinental Playoff 2 (Iraq/Bolivia/Suriname) Group J: Argentina, Austria, Algeria, Jordan Group K: Portugal, Colombia, Uzbekistan, Intercontinental Playoff 1 (DR Congo/Jamaica/New Caledonia) Group L: England, Croatia, Panama, Ghana What Teams are Favorited To Win the FIFA World Cup 2026? World Cup 2026 Favorites: Spain (+430 on FanDuel) On paper, Spain has one of the most talented squads in the tournament, and that goes beyond the headline-grabbing potential of Lamine Yamal. You know that the European giants will possess the ball and pass it around like they own it, but we’ll need to see if midfield pivot Rodri is back to his best by the summer. The draw, however, has put England in the potential "Group of Death." Croatia has rightfully earned everyone’s respect with their previous international showings; Ghana is a consistent performer within the African Confederation. World Cup 2026 Favorites: Argentina (+800 on FanDuel) Not only are Argentina the defending World Cup champions, but they still have a little someone named Lionel Messi on the roster.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/betting/fanduel-promo-code-claim-150-bonus-for-nba-cfb-championships-nfl-week-14-11164713
Article: New FanDuel Sportsbook users have a fantastic opportunity to get in on the action with an exciting welcome offer ahead of a weekend loaded with NBA action, high stakes college football and NFL Week 14 games. For example, you could place a $5 bet on the Celtics to win at -255 odds, and if they do, you would not only get your winnings but also the $150 bonus. For instance, if you place a $5 bet on the Lakers to pull off the upset tonight at +210 odds, a victory would not only earn you $10.50 in profit but would also unlock the full $150 in bonus bets. FanDuel Promo Code Overview This promotional offer from FanDuel is designed for new customers and hinges on a simple condition: you must win your first $5 moneyline wager to unlock the bonus. A successful $5 bet on the Celtics would not only return a small cash profit but, more importantly, would trigger the release of the $150 in bonus bets into your account. If Dončić plays, he brings his MVP-caliber numbers (35.2 PPG, 8.9 RPG, 8.9 APG) to the court, forming a dynamic duo with Austin Reaves, who has been on fire, averaging 28.9 points on a blistering 52.6% shooting. Win and Receive Your Bonus: If the team you wagered on wins the game, you will receive $150 in bonus bets credited to your account, in addition to the cash winnings from your bet.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/betting/usmnt-2026-fifa-world-cup-odds-americans-heavily-favored-in-group-d-11165687
Article: With the 2026 FIFA World Cup Final Draw in the books, oddsmakers are already offering a ton of intriguing markets for next summer's blockbuster, 48-nation tournament in the U.S., Canada and Mexico. Whether you're a fan of one of the three co-hosts, a betting favorite like Spain or any of the other teams that will be competing in the first North American World Cup since 1994, there's a ton to dive into following this morning's long-awaited draw. We'll be back with much more World Cup betting odds and analysis as more markets are made available and as we learn more about the roster the USA will bring to this tournament, plus key injury and lineup developments for the other 47 teams competing in the 2026 FIFA World Cup. 2026 FIFA World Cup Group D Betting Odds: Team USA Favored If you're reading this Stateside, great news: USA has a great chance to once again reach the knockout rounds. Odds To Win 2026 World Cup Group D: USMNT The Heavy Favorite Read More 2026 FIFA World Cup Betting Odds: Spain Consensus Favorites Ahead Of Draw 3 min read Below are each team's odds to win Group D (with the implied probability of these odds listed in parentheses), courtesy of DraftKings as of Friday, December 5: There are a couple of things worth noting regarding those odds: First of all, USA being favored to win its group is a new phenomenon for a team that narrowly qualified from its groups at the last two World Cups it reached (2014 and 2022). 2026 World Cup Group D Odds To Qualify (Advance): USA, Paraguay Favored In fact, USA's odds to qualify (two teams from each four-team group, plus the eight best third-place group finishers, will qualify for the Round of 32) are -575 at DraftKings. Paraguay 3-Way Moneyline Odds For World Cup Opener While futures odds (besides the outrights market) are not yet available, it is already possible to bet on the first few group matches next summer. Below are the three-way moneyline odds for USA-Panama to kick off the action in Group D (as of December 5, DraftKings -- which already has posted odds for seven group-stage matches -- is the only book offering odds for this one). It should come as no surprise to see the USA as heavy favorites in front of what should be a raucous crowd for the long-awaited World Cup opener for the host nation.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nba/clippers-urged-to-trade-kawhi-leonard-to-west-rival-in-blockbuster-deal-11165768
Article: The Clippers have been one of the better teams for the past decade and a half, but as things stand, they are one of the worst teams in the league. More news: Luka Doncic Asked Lakers About Possibility of Trade for Giannis Antetokounmpo: Report The 34-year-old superstar is currently in his sixth season in LA, and there is a chance this could be his last. His injury history is long and extensive, including a significant right knee issue that resulted in him missing the entire 2021-22 season, as well as a torn right meniscus in the 2023 playoffs.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/john-roberts-court-immigration-judges-speech-halt-11165845
Article: The Supreme Court's Chief Justice John Roberts put a temporary hold on a lower circuit court decision in a case related to a policy requiring immigration judges to obtain permission before making any “official” speeches.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/new-winter-storm-to-threaten-more-than-a-million-this-weekend-11165628
Article: NWS Des Moines issued a winter storm warning for the cities of Clarion, Pocahontas, Kanawha, Webster City, Fonda, Rolfe, Belmond, Algona, Gilmore City, Fort Dodge, Humboldt, Laurens, Eagle Grove, Emmetsburg, Britt, Garner and Estherville. The NWS Quad Cities office issued a winter weather advisory warning of up to 4 inches of snow between Saturday and Sunday night, with the highest amounts anticipated north of I-80. The advisory encompassed the cities of Moline, Davenport, Bettendorf, Independence, Wapello, Anamosa, Washington, Aledo, Marengo, Iowa City, Maquoketa, Tipton, Vinton, Clinton, Manchester, Muscatine, Dubuque, Sigourney, Cedar Rapids and Rock Island. Snowfall amounts over 4 inches are possible where this band sets up, most favored to the northwest of the Quad Cities at this time." NWS Sioux Falls, South Dakota, which also issues forecasts for part of Iowa, warned of 2 to 6 inches of snow, which could begin Saturday morning.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/state/texas-news/supreme-court-map-ruling-sends-texas-democrats-toward-primaries-retirement-higher-office-bids/287-39cf3611-3d49-4829-aa3b-07404323148d
Article: Drawn at the behest of President Donald Trump, the new map is intended to yield more seats for the GOP in the coming midterm elections and would have pit Doggett against fellow Austin Democratic Rep. On Thursday, the Supreme Court said that the state can use the new map in 2026 — reversing a lower court ruling from last month that found the new boundaries be unconstitutional. “I will continue working with the same urgency and determination as if next year were my last, which in public office it will be,” Doggett said in a statement Friday. “After that, I will seek new ways to join my neighbors in making a difference in the only town I have ever called home.” Democratic campaign organizations, elected officials and candidates ripped the court decision as unfair. But with no further prospect of legal relief for this cycle, given that the filing deadline is Monday, Doggett and others are back to the reality they faced after the map’s passage: contemplating House retirement or primaries against fellow incumbents. And it also gives the GOP a better shot in Congressional Districts 28 and 34, both in South Texas, where they added Trump voters in districts that they considered to be tossups. Trump would have won each district by 10 percentage points under the new lines, but House Minority Leader Hakeem Jeffries, while slamming the redistricted map, pledged that the incumbents would win regardless. The winner will be in Congress for about a month before facing the prospect of a March 3 primary against Green, 79, who confirmed Friday he will run in the 18th Congressional District. Green said the redistricting and subsequent court ruling “only fuels the fire in my belly, the fire within me to continue to fight.” “We understand what the president’s goal is…to have me not serve in the Congress of the United States of America,” Green said. The 32nd congressional district, occupied by Johnson, was reconfigured to stretch into East Texas, transforming a seat former Vice President Kamala Harris won in 2024 by about 24 percentage points into one that President Donald Trump would have won by 18 percentage points. If she jumps into the Senate race — a decision she has said she is leaning toward — then the path is clear for Veasey and Johnson to run in different districts. “I’m running in TX-33 because these communities need someone who shows up, listens and never stops fighting for them — no matter how the lines are drawn.” But if Crockett decides to stay in the House, she could lay claim to either the 30th or the 33rd Congressional District, scrambling plans. Veasey does not intend to run against her, setting up either a primary between Veasey and Johnson, forcing one to either retire from Congress prematurely or face an uphill battle against a neighboring Republican. Texas Republicans’ actions kicked off a redistricting arms race around the country, including inspiring Democratic retaliation in California, which passed a ballot initiative to implement a new map seeking to yield five new Democratic seats.

Link: https://abc13.com/post/when-do-chiefs-play-houston-texans-countdown-kickoff/17377270/
Article: Watch Eyewitness News and ABC13 originals around the clock Watch Eyewitness News and ABC13 originals around the clock Watch Eyewitness News and ABC13 originals around the clock Watch Eyewitness News and ABC13 originals around the clock HOUSTON, Texas (KTRK) -- The Houston Texans will visit Kansas City Sunday night fighting for a division title -- while the Chiefs are simply fighting to stay in the playoff hunt. Week 17: Dec 28 at Los Angeles Chargers - TBD Week 18: Jan 1 - 4 vs Colts (Texans Flex Game) - TBD ABC13 is the Houston Texans' Official TV Partner. Texans rookie wide receiver Jayden Higgins aims to make big impact in 2025 season When rookie WR Jayden Higgins got the call that he was going to be a Houston Texan, he felt it was the best landing to kick off his pro career.

Link: https://abc7.com/videoClip/101-year-old-military-army-veteran/18219129/
Article: 101-year-old veteran recognized as 'Living Legend' SICKLERVILLE, New Jersey -- She's 101 years old, lived through Japanese occupation of the Philippines during World War II, and then went on to serve in the U.S.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cz7nlp8l4j0o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: North American leaders take stage together for the first time 18 minutes ago Share Save Bernd Debusmann Jr , at the White House and Nadine Yousif , in Toronto Share Save Watch: World Cup hosts Trump, Sheinbaum and Carney take stage together It was all smiles at Washington DC's Kennedy Centre as the leaders of the US, Mexico and Canada took the stage for the 2026 World Cup draw, even as trade tensions simmered in the background. Trump this week signalled that the US is still weighing whether it will leave in place a single long-standing free trade agreement between the US, Canada and Mexico or look at separate bilateral deals. Reporters later saw Trump sitting with Sheinbaum, who had said earlier in the week that she planned to have a brief one-on-one with Trump to discuss trade matters, including steel, aluminium and automobile tariffs, on the sidelines of the event.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/nation/michael-jordan-testifies-in-nascar-antitrust-trial-saying-someone-had-to-step-forward
Article: (AP) — Retired NBA great Michael Jordan took the stand at the landmark NASCAR antitrust case Friday and testified that he has been a fan of the stock car series since he was a child but felt he had little choice but to sue to force changes in a business model he sees shortchanging teams and drivers risking their lives to keep the sport going. His celebrity drew quips from the judge and even a defense attorney as he outlined why the team he co-owns, 23XI, had joined Front Row Motorsports in going to court against the top auto racing series in the United States. I felt as far as the sport, it needed to be looked at from a different view.” Jordan’s highly anticipated appearance followed dramatic testimony from Heather Gibbs, the daughter-in-law of race team owner Joe Gibbs, about the chaotic six-hour period in which teams had to sign an extension or forfeit the charters that guarantee revenue week to week throughout NASCAR’s 38-race season. “It was like a gun to your head: if you don’t sign, you have nothing.” Charters are the equivalent of the franchise model used in other sports and in NASCAR it guarantees every chartered car a spot in every race, plus a defined payout from the series. The system was created in 2016, and during the two-plus years of bitter negotiations on an extension teams begged for the renewable charters to be made permanent for revenue stability. When NASCAR refused to make them permanent and gave the teams six hours in September 2024 to sign the 112-page extension, 23XI and Front Row were the only two organizations out of 15 to refuse. “Denny convinced me getting a third driver improved our chances to win, so I dove in.” Like other witnesses this week, Jordan described a NASCAR that refused to discuss options or potential changes to the charter system, which he supports. They were not even open-minded to welcome those conversations, so this is where we ended up.” Jordan referred to the NBA business model, which shares approximately half its revenue with players, far more than NASCAR. “The thing I see in NASCAR that I think is absent is a shared responsibility of growth as well as loss.” Jordan said he owns 60% of 23XI and has invested $35 million to $40 million in the team, which first fielded cars in 2021. Heather Gibbs earlier told the jury how she became co-owner of Joe Gibbs Racing the day after her husband, Coy, unexpectedly died in his sleep the same night their son, Ty, won NASCAR’s second-tier Xfinity Series championship in 2022. Because Je Gibbs had lost both his sons and had built the team as a legacy for his family, his daughter-in-law took an active role in the organization and participated in negotiations for the charter extensions. “And Jim was done with the conversation.” Heather Gibbs said she had to leave to take her son to a baseball game in Chapel Hill and left worried about her father-in-law, who was 84 at the time. “It is absolutely vital to the teams for us to know we have security, it can’t be taken away, to know what we’ve invested in is ours.” 23XI and Front Row likewise have said they will likely go out of business without charters after racing this season without them.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/5/us-supreme-court-to-consider-trumps-bid-to-end-birthright-citizenship?traffic_source=rss
Article: The Supreme Court is likely to hear oral arguments early next year, with a ruling in June on a matter that has been blocked by several lower courts as being unconstitutional. Trump signed an executive order on January 20, his first day in office, decreeing that children born to parents in the US illegally or on temporary visas would not automatically become US citizens. Lower courts have ruled the order to be a violation of the 14th Amendment, which states: “All persons born or naturalized in the United States, and subject to the jurisdiction thereof, are citizens of the United States and of the State wherein they reside.” Trump’s executive order was premised on the idea that anyone in the US illegally, or on a visa, was not “subject to the jurisdiction” of the country, and therefore excluded from this category. The Trump administration has also argued that the 14th Amendment, passed in the wake of the Civil War, addresses the rights of former slaves and not the children of undocumented migrants or temporary US visitors. Advertisement In a brief with the court, Trump’s solicitor general, John Sauer, argued that “the erroneous extension of birthright citizenship to the children of illegal aliens has caused substantial harm to the United States”. Cecillia Wang, national legal director of the American Civil Liberties Union, which has spearheaded the legal challenges to the attempt to end birthright citizenship, said she is hopeful the top court will “strike down this harmful order once and for all”. “The president’s action goes against a core American right that has been a part of our Constitution for over 150 years.” The Supreme Court has sided with Trump in a series of decisions this year, allowing various policies to take effect after they were impeded by lower courts that cast doubt on their legality.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/5/famed-for-sculptural-structures-architect-frank-gehry-dies-at-age-96?traffic_source=rss
Article: Gehry was awarded every major prize architecture has to offer, including the field’s top honour, the Pritzker Prize, for what has been described as “refreshingly original and totally American” work. Other honours include the Royal Institute of British Architects gold medal, the Americans for the Arts lifetime achievement award and his native country’s highest honour, the Companion of the Order of Canada. In 2006, years after Gehry had stopped designing ordinary-looking buildings, word surfaced that the pedestrian Santa Monica mall project he designed early in his career might be headed for the wrecking ball. Although the family said it wanted a simple memorial and not the one Gehry had proposed, with its multiple statues and billowing metal tapestries depicting Eisenhower’s life, the architect declined to change his design significantly. In that episode, he came up with the idea for the design, which looked a lot like the Disney Hall, after crumpling Marge Simpson’s letter to him and throwing it on the ground. After taking a look at it, he declared, “Frank Gehry, you’re a genius!” Advertisement “Some people think I actually do that,” he would later tell The Associated Press news agency. Although he had enjoyed drawing and building model cities as a child, Gehry said it wasn’t until he was 20 that he pondered the possibility of pursuing a career in architecture, after a college ceramics teacher recognised his talent.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/economy/2025/12/5/egypts-economy-stabilises-but-poverty-challenges-persist?traffic_source=rss
Article: The country played host to the Sharm el-Sheikh conference in October when US President Donald Trump rallied global and regional powers alike behind his ceasefire plan for the Gaza Strip. Critics, therefore, believe that the race is essentially only between loyalists to President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi, with a group of Egyptian human rights groups saying that the elections had occurred “under chronic and severe restrictions on meaningful political participation”. With that context in mind, the elections have not attracted a groundswell of attention from Egyptians, continuing a pattern since el-Sisi took power in the country more than a decade ago, after a coup against Egypt’s first democratically elected president, Mohammed Morsi. Advertisement “They are even less important than under [former President Hosni] Mubarak, it is not the talk of the day,” said a businessman in the textile industry, who did not wish to give their full name for fear of reprisals. “There are fewer banners and posters than during previous elections.” Capital injections In the shadow of Israel’s genocidal war on Gaza, it is often forgotten that less than two years ago, Egypt experienced the worst economic crisis seen under el-Sisi. Billions of dollars worth of capital injections from the International Monetary Fund (IMF), the World Bank and the European Union, and massive investment pledges from the UAE in early 2024 prevented an economic crisis in Egypt. Earlier this year, the IMF completed its fourth review of Egypt’s economic reforms as part of conditions attached to its loan, and distributed a further $1.2bn – part of a loan worth $8bn in total, of which Egypt has now withdrawn $3.2bn. The IMF continues to voice concern about state and military control in the economy – issues that have been on the table continuously under el-Sisi’s rule – but the overall message has been that Egypt is performing as desired. Between the lines, one can read that el-Sisi’s Egypt, especially as the precious peace agreement between Egypt and Israel has held steady amid Israel’s war in Gaza, is simply too big to fail. “There are many Turkish textile companies opening in Egypt, drawn by our cheap labour costs.” That is the intended effect of the devaluation: translated into foreign currency, labour costs decrease, making Egypt an attractive destination to move production that depends on low-skilled labour. The economy is still dependent on offering high interest rates to generate hard currency, and there are still massive current account imbalances.” And while business sentiment is generally positive, hardship for many Egyptians appears far from over. Not only in textile, but in many sectors.” More improvements needed Diab explained that money from international institutions and investments is primarily being used to repay debts, and not on income or job-generating activities. In fact, last year Egypt introduced a new labour law that decreased the mandatory annual raise for workers, and excluded a portion of the workforce from guaranteed annual raises all together. It simplifies many aspects of workforce management.” Advertisement Mahmoud, a farmer in his 40s from a village in Egypt’s Nile Delta, north of Cairo, is typical of those who are still struggling despite the economic shots. What would a farmer go to do in tourism anyway?’ Mahmoud complained that subsidies – for instance, those on fuel and food – have been removed as part of the IMF-induced reforms, making life more expensive. That leads to often heard criticism of IMF conditions, including that, in the pursuit of free market economics, it is the poor that suffer, even if the general business climate improves.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/5/experts-say-us-boat-strikes-are-illegal-killings-can-they-be-stopped?traffic_source=rss
Article: “I was utterly shocked that the United States would do this,” Ben Saul, the United Nations special rapporteur on counterterrorism and human rights, told Al Jazeera in a telephone interview. “It shows that the Trump administration has no respect for international law or conventions around the use of force.” The situation points to a trend of impunity for powerful countries. News outlets such as CNN and NBC News reported that US military lawyers — known as judge advocates general or JAG officers — who questioned the legality of the bombing campaign were sidelined or fired. “The guardrails inside have been eroded.” ‘Unlimited authority’ Numerous laws, however, exist to prohibit extrajudicial killings like those Trump is currently carrying out in the Caribbean Sea and eastern Pacific. “Our current operations in the Caribbean are lawful under both US and international law, with all actions in complete compliance with the law of armed conflict,” Pentagon spokesperson Sean Parnell said. “Lawyers up and down the chain of command have been thoroughly involved in reviewing these operations prior to execution.” But legal scholars say that the administration’s claims do not hold water. Rebecca Ingber, a Yale Law School professor who previously served as an adviser to the US Department of State, said that the Trump administration has tried to erase the distinction between criminal activity and an armed attack that would justify a military response. “It feels to me that some political actors inside the executive branch have taken all of the statements and memos about the use of force over the last 25 years, jumbled up the words, thrown them into Grok, and asked it to come up with a legal argument,” said Ingber. After the attacks on September 11, 2001, presidents including George W Bush and Barack Obama carried out military strikes in countries like Iraq, Afghanistan, Somalia and Yemen, as part of a global “war on terror”. “From the bombing of Iran to possible attacks on Venezuela, there are some entrepreneurial figures on the right willing to criticise the administration when it carries out interventionist policies,” said Curt Mills, the director of the American Conservative magazine, which advocates for a more restrained foreign policy. Its influence over foreign policy is at a historical nadir.” ‘There is no limiting principle’ Given the reluctance of most Republican lawmakers to assert congressional authority, some experts expressed hope that voters will send lawmakers to Congress who will exert greater control over military attacks abroad. “Even, in this case, against suspected criminals for suspected crimes that we don’t even have the death penalty for in this country.” But if the “war on terror” has helped desensitise the public to the use of military power overseas, legal experts say the current strikes represent a radical new development: the application of wartime powers to criminal activities. “The president is claiming the power to kill anyone he accuses of a crime, no questions asked,” said Annie Shiel, the US director at the Center for Civilians in Conflict (CIVIC), an advocacy group.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/legal-analysts-react-to-report-initial-double-strike-survivors-had-no-radio-11160156
Article: Amid questions on the lawfulness of targeting people rendered defenseless by shipwreck, debate has intensified following Bradley’s report to Congress that the survivors "did not appear to have radio or other communications devices," CNN reports. Former Palm Beach County State Attorney Dave Aronberg told Newsweek on Thursday night that "The decision to kill survivors of the attack who were reportedly clinging to remnants of the boat appears to be a war crime in violation of domestic and international law. We’ve heard conflicting reports, but I would expect the truth to come out." However, attorney and legal analyst Jonathan Turley also told Newsweek on Friday: "No, a finishing shot on a still floating vessel is not uncommon in war." "There is a legitimate debate over the policy of striking these boats. This includes President Barack Obama, who claimed in his 'kill list' policy to have the right to kill even American citizens anywhere and at any time based on his unilateral decision that they represent an imminent threat to national security," Turley continued. The 'fog of war' is a reality of military conflicts, even with the added technological advances that we have today." In a follow-up email to Newsweek on Friday, Turley added, "We still have not seen the full video and confirmed the timeline of orders. In a statement released Thursday, House Armed Services Committee Ranking Member Democrat Adam Smith and House Intelligence Committee Ranking Member Himes said in part that Hegseth is "ultimately responsible," and that the administration of President Donald Trump has placed members of the U.S. military in difficult situations that "push the boundaries of the law." What People Are Saying Ryan Goodman, chaired NYU law professor, on X Thursday in part, reacting to the CNN report: "This collapses the one 'argument' Hegseth had against it being war crime." Former U.S. Not a word from libs on 'war crimes.' Meanwhile, over 70% of Americans support @POTUS and @SecWar blowing up narco-terrorists who’ve poisoned our friends, family members, and neighbors before they reach our shores. I’m all for sending these killers to the bottom of the ocean." What Happens Next Lawmakers have called on the DOD to release the unedited footage of the deadly September 2 attack.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nba/massive-knicks-trade-idea-sees-new-york-land-giannis-antetokounmpo-11166081
Article: The Knicks have a chance, probably the best chance, to make a push at the nine-time All-Star, and this proposed trade by Kevin O'Connor of Yahoo Sports could get the job done. Bucks get: KAT, OG Anunoby, 2030 swap, 2032 swap, seven second-round picks Knicks get: Giannis Antetokounmpo, Kyle Kuzma, Thanasis Antetokounmpo "Swap in Mikal Bridges for Anunoby if you’d like, or send KAT to a third team with different assets coming to Milwaukee. "If Giannis wants to end up with the Knicks, he’s going to have to use all the leverage he can to get there: Age 31, signed only through the 2026-27 season, and now dealing with an apparent injury, he could steer his way where he wants to go by threatening to leave for a team with cap space in 2027. "But you’d think something would’ve happened by now if there was a deal that worked, or if the Knicks were really that excited about pairing Giannis with Jalen Brunson, which is no guarantee to be a match after witnessing the Giannis/Damian Lillard pairing flop hard. And crucially, Giannis doesn’t have a no-trade clause." More news: Luka Doncic Asked Lakers About Possibility of Trade for Giannis Antetokounmpo: Report Many might consider the Knicks the favorite to land Antetokounmpo, but if they do so, they can no longer trade any of their own first-round picks.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/ice-detains-green-card-applicant-interview-new-york-11165885
Article: citizens being detained by ICE have been reported in recent weeks, as the Trump administration cracks down on those who have either overstayed visas or had minor issues with paperwork. While these arrests have not been as common at Federal Plaza, the building has been the site of multiple protests over the detention of immigrants appearing for hearings in front of immigration judges. He had left the Cayman Islands, where he was a citizen, to find a safer place to live as a member of the LGBTQ+ community and applied for asylum in the U.S. Immigration advocates and attorneys say the evidence says otherwise, with Allan one of a growing number of individuals arrested while moving through the legal process to get a green card. I hope, I pray, that he’ll be able to get out before the holidays.” Andrea Marrero, Allan’s sister-in-law, on GoFundMe: “He is a law-abiding, tax paying, work visa holding SHOULD BE citizen, who left the Cayman Islands to come to the USA to seek asylum from discrimination against homosexuality. Not to be blindsided when doing what they were told is the right thing to do.” What Happens Next Allan has reportedly been granted a stay preventing his deportation for now, with the couple waiting for a further hearing to plead their case.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/unusual-freezing-fog-could-hit-texas-on-saturday-11165786
Article: Parts of Oklahoma and North Texas are under a Dense Fog Advisory for early Saturday, with the National Weather Service (NWS) warning that freezing fog could pose significant risks for travelers. "It causes some of that fog to crystallize on surfaces and cause slick spots." NWS Norman has already issued a dense fog advisory for its forecast region for Saturday morning. Past Saturday morning, freezing fog is not expected later in the weekend or early next week, but Day said fog is hard to predict more than a day or two out.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/democrat-says-ice-pepper-sprayed-her-dhs-responds-not-true-11166106
Article: Why It Matters The incident raises questions about the conduct of federal agents toward elected officials and the use of force against both protesters and public representatives in the context of President Donald Trump's immigration enforcement initiatives. What To Know In a video post to X on Friday, Grijalva said, "ICE just conducted a raid by Taco Giro in Tucson—a small mom-and-pop restaurant that has served our community for years. When I presented myself as a member of Congress asking for more information, I was pushed aside and pepper-sprayed." In an email to Newsweek on Friday regarding the incident, Department of Homeland Security Assistant Secretary Tricia McLaughlin said, “If her claims were true, this would be a medical marvel. Adelita Grijalva joined." “Presenting one’s self as a 'Member of Congress' doesn’t give you the right to obstruct law enforcement," McLaughlin said, adding, “More information forthcoming.” Grijalva then posted a second video on X showing interactions with agents and can be heard saying "you need to get out" numerous times at them.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/how-to-watch-uconn-vs-east-texas-am-live-stream-ncaa-college-basketball-tv-channel-11166045
Article: How to Watch UConn vs East Texas A&M When: Friday, December 5, 2025 Time: 7:30 PM ET TV Channel: NBC Sports Net watch now ) Live Stream: Peacock ( UConn (7-1, ranked No. If East Texas A&M wants a shot at an upset, they’ll need to play near-perfect basketball: crisp assists, strong 3-point shooting, and avoid fouling while keeping pace with UConn’s defensive pressure and rebounding.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/betting/kalshi-promo-code-newsweek-claim-10-sign-up-bonus-for-ncaaf-nfl-trading-11164730
Article: Kalshi Promo Code: How to Gain the $10 Bonus Begin making trades on various outcomes in sports, politics, technology and climate after taking these easy steps to create an account: Follow the links on this page to apply the Kalshi promo code NEWSWEEK.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/how-to-watch-heat-vs-magic-live-stream-nba-tv-channel-2-11164016
Article: How to Watch Miami Heat vs Orlando Magic When: Friday, December 5, 2025 Time: 7:00 PM ET TV Channel: FanDuel Sports Network Florida try for free ) Live Stream: Fubo ( Currently sitting atop the Atlantic Division, the Heat enter an important stretch of games in which they play five of their next seven games on the road, with two against the Magic, while also traveling to Boston and New York before coming home to face Toronto. In the last Heat game, reserve Kel’el Ware led the team in scoring with 22 points, while Bam Adebayo led the starters with 21 points and seven rebounds, but it wasn’t enough as the Dallas Mavericks came out with a 118-108 victory. The 114-112 defeat against the San Antonio Spurs was marred by a shooting foul called on Jonathan Isaac against the Spurs’ De’Aaron Fox in what looked like a panicked shot bailed out by a poor foul call.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/olivia-nuzzi-rfk-jr-relationship-vanity-fair-controversy-11166231
Article: “Vanity Fair and Olivia Nuzzi have mutually agreed, in the best interest of the magazine, to let her contract expire at the end of the year,” spokespersons for both said Friday in a joint statement. Nuzzi had been a prominent reporter at New York until the fall of 2024, when it emerged that she had a personal relationship with Kennedy, now the secretary of health and human services, and had profiled him without disclosing the relationship.

Link: https://abc7.com/post/disney-jr-unwraps-new-holiday-episodes-superkitties-spidey-iron-man-robogobo-more-celebrate-christmas/18255071/
Article: Families can look forward to cheerful new adventures from "SuperKitties," "Marvel's Spidey and His Amazing Friends," "Marvel's Iron Man and His Awesome Friends" and "RoboGobo," all created to add a little extra magic to the season. Below is a sneak peek at the special holiday episodes: "SuperKitties" ("Kittydale Christmas Tree / Skating Buddies") - "Kittydale Christmas Tree" - The Kitties save Kittydale's stolen Christmas tree from the Glamsters.*Ginnifer Goodwin and Utkarsh Ambudkar recur as The Glamsters - "Skating Buddies" - The SuperKitties stop Cat Burglar from stealing the medals from a big ice-skating contest. "Marvel's Spidey and his Amazing Friends" ("The Candlelight Christmas Walk / The Santa Trap") - "The Candlelight Christmas Walk" - Hydro-Man, Green Goblin, and Rhino team up to try to ruin the Christmas Candlelight Walk tradition. "Marvel's Iron Man and his Awesome Friends" ("An Iron Friends Christmas / Cold as Ice") - "An Iron Friends Christmas" - When Ultron steals all the presents, the Iron Friends must save Christmas.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/rugby-union/articles/cn4d1j489reo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Sale skipper Van Rhyn went over from close range to give the hosts the lead after only two minutes before Alex Sanderson's men were forced into an early change when centre Rekeiti Ma'asi-White was forced off with an injury. Slotting into fly-half with Rob du Preez going to centre, he ran a good supporting line to Arron Reed's break and took the full-back's offload to run in for a try just a few moments after coming on to make it 14-0. With the wind and rain swirling around the CorpAcq Stadium, Glasgow went to the set-piece to get a foothold back in the game and after catching the line-out the visitors drove over the line with hooker Hiddleston the man to claim the score. Glasgow took the lead for the first time two minutes into the second period after a poor Raffi Quirke box-kick was allowed to bounce then collected by number eight Jack Dempsey, who popped it back to Steyn for the skipper to burst through a weak tackle and race away to the line. Now well in the ascendancy, Glasgow grabbed the bonus point on 54 minutes when McDowall ran through Du Preez's attempted tackle to score on his 100th appearance as Franco Smith's side racked up 26 unanswered points. Tom O'Flaherty almost got through a gap but when he was pulled down the ball was recycled and Louw showed good footwork to cross the whitewash, with Du Preez's conversion making it 26-21 with 13 minutes remaining.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/politics/watch-national-guard-is-not-trumps-private-army-california-ag-bonta-says-after-federal-hearing
Article: He pressed an attorney for the government for any evidence that state authorities were either unable or unwilling to help keep federal personnel and property in the area safe and noted President Donald Trump had access to tens of thousands of active duty troops in California. District Judge Charles Breyer suggested conditions in Los Angeles had changed since the initial deployment, and he questioned whether the administration could control state Guard troops “forever” under its interpretation of federal law. SAN FRANCISCO (AP) — A federal judge on Friday sharply questioned the Trump administration’s authority and need to maintain command of California National Guard troops it first deployed to Los Angeles in June following violent protests. “The National Guard is not the president’s traveling private army to deploy where he wants, when he wants, for as long as he wants, for any reason he wants, or no reason at all,” California Attorney General Rob Bonta said after the hearing. Trump initially called up more than 4,000 California National Guard troops in response to the protests over his stepped-up enforcement of immigration laws, but that number had dropped to several hundred by late October, with only a 100 or so troops remaining in the Los Angeles area. The Republican president, however, has also tried to use California Guard members in Portland, Oregon, and Chicago, as part of his effort to send the military into Democratic-run cities despite fierce resistance from mayors and governors. The remaining troops in Los Angeles were allowing immigration agents to continue their mission and protecting federal property, he said, noting someone threw two incendiary devices into a federal building on Monday. The court did not have the authority to review how the president manages a Guard mission that is in progress, but even if it could, it had to consider the violence this summer, Hamilton said. Trump’s call up of the California National Guard was the first time in decades that a state’s national guard was activated without a request from its governor and marked a significant escalation in the administration’s efforts to carry out its mass deportation policy.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/pipe-bomb-suspect-disappointed-2020-election-results-us/story?id=128157568
Article: The FBI tweeted a photo and posted a reward for information leading to the location, arrest and conviction of the person, or persons, responsible for the suspected pipe bombs found in Washington, D.C., on Jan. "He told us that he had those sneakers and that he got rid of them after he placed the pipe bombs," Pirro told ABC News in an exclusive interview Friday. When asked if she would go further in saying that Cole offered a full confession, Pirro would go no further, saying, "I don't want to get ahead of this, but what I can tell you is that the combination of video evidence, forensic evidence, as well as the items, the receipts and -- it makes it very clear that we can prove this case to a jury beyond a reasonable doubt." Authorities arrested Cole, 30, on Thursday after identifying him as the suspect in the case following a yearslong investigation. Hylton High School "In my mind, they were on the right path when it was clear that the cell phone was pinging in the exact locations where we had the video of the suspect walking along the area," Pirro said. He was disappointed to a great deal in the system, both sides of the system, and for me as a prosecutor, my job is to prove what his intent was in placing those pipe bombs, and what he intended to do, and what we can prove, and we can prove that." The FBI tweeted a photo and posted a reward for information leading to the location, arrest and conviction of the person, or persons, responsible for the suspected pipe bombs found in Washington, D.C., on Jan.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/florida-gop-delegation-urges-trump-to-stop-offshore-drilling-plan-11166516
Article: In a letter to President Donald Trump, Republican Senators Rick Scott and Ashley Moody and all 28 House members, including 20 Republicans from Florida, warned that the Interior Department proposal threatens the state’s tourism economy and could disrupt military training operations.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nfl/trust-lamar-jackson-but-bench-this-other-veteran-qb-in-fantasy-for-week-14-11166524
Article: Jackson extended his scoreless streak to three games, and his value in the run game has been much lower over his last five starts (5/14, 9/36, 4/10, 7/11, and 6/27). Read More: Start These Wide Receivers in Week 14 Fantasy Football Based on his direction, Jackson brings a sit feel, especially for fantasy teams with another quarterback option ranked in the top 12 in Week 14. Over the past three weeks, Jacksonville has allowed one passing touchdown while dominating in two contests (LAC – 118/0 and TEN – 141/0), helped by an improved pass rush (12 sacks) over this span.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/how-to-watch-pacers-vs-bulls-live-stream-nba-tv-channel-11164664
Article: How to Watch Indiana Pacers vs Chicago Bulls When: Friday, December 5, 2025 Time: 8:00 PM ET TV Channel: Chicago Sports Network, FanDuel Sports Network Indiana try for free ) Live Stream: Fubo ( Coach Rick Carlisle continues to do what he can with an injury-ravaged squad, and while the Pacers did recently put together a modest two-game winning streak, they’re back on the wrong side, losers of their last two. Their most recent loss came at the hands of the Denver Nuggets, a 135-120 defeat that saw the Nuggets' Jamal Murray score 52 points, shooting 10-for-11 from the 3-point line.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nfl/ravens-get-critical-lamar-jackson-update-before-steelers-game-11164530
Article: After Baltimore Ravens quarterback Lamar Jackson was limited on Wednesday and missed Thursday's practice with a nagging ankle injury, he returned on Friday and is on track to return to start on Sunday against the Pittsburgh Steelers, according to ESPN's Adam Schefter. Jackson's ankle injury has been around since Week 12, and though he's been playing through it, the two-time league MVP isn't playing up to standard – going three straight games without a touchdown. I see a guy that's battling little nagging injuries, things that are stopping him from being able to get out there every day and practice." Read More: Jalen Hurts Admits Eagles Offense Still Struggling to Get on Same Page ...

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/ncaa/notre-dame-playoff-expansion-bubble-11166348
Article: More News: CFP Committee Explains Controversial Notre Dame-Alabama Decision During an appearance on The Pat McAfee Show on Friday, Notre Dame athletic director Pete Bevacqua advocated for the CFP to expand to 16 teams, with five automatic bids and 11 at-large bids. “Every year, you’re going to have a group of three, four teams that are right on the cusp of being in the playoffs or not in the playoffs that are going to be upset," Freeman said during an interview with NBC News earlier this week. "And it’s going to be no different than if they expand the playoffs to 16 — there’s still going to be somebody that’s not happy with not making it into the playoffs. To me, I’m always the supporter of more is better, and the more teams you give an opportunity to play in the playoffs, the better." Freeman is right that the fact that controversy won't go away with 16 or even 24 teams.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nba/clippers-cut-ties-with-young-forward-following-chris-paul-shakeup-11166120
Article: More news: Clippers Urged to Trade Kawhi Leonard to West Rival in Blockbuster Deal He also featured in six games for the San Diego Clippers in the G League, averaging 12.0 points, 3.0 rebounds and 2.0 assists on 33.3 percent shooting and 31.9 minutes per night. More news: Lakers Land $50 Million All-Star Guard in Mega Three-Team Trade Idea The guard is familiar with the Clippers organization, having spent two separate stints with the team in 2024.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/how-to-watch-gonzaga-vs-kentucky-live-stream-ncaa-college-basketball-tv-channel-11166043
Article: How to Watch Gonzaga vs Kentucky When: Friday, December 5, 2025 Time: 7:00 PM ET TV Channel: ESPN2 try for free ) Live Stream: Fubo ( After a 101–61 loss to the Michigan Wolverines, Gonzaga rebounds tonight with one of its biggest non-conference tests, a showdown with No. Their offense packs a serious punch (about 90.8 points per game), and with key players like Graham Ike and Braden Huff anchoring the frontcourt, Gonzaga will lean on their strong 2-point shooting and rebounding edge to get back on track. The Wildcats have shown flashes, particularly in perimeter shooting from Collin Chandler and Denzel Aberdeen, but have struggled against elite opponents, including a recent 67–64 loss to the North Carolina Tar Heels.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/traffic/eastbound-main-street-frisco-closed-construction-starting-monday-next-week/287-c074abe5-7ae5-42db-84a7-330448213e64
Article: Last month, the city told WFAA that it was transforming the corridor to make it more walkable and vibrant, but shop owners say the work has created challenges in the meantime.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/local/dallas-county/water-main-break-mockingbird-lane-dallas/287-3d355e39-8911-40db-aef0-06e1c39043fb
Article: Example video title will go here for this video Next up in 5 Example video title will go here for this video Next up in 5 To stream WFAA on your phone, you need the WFAA app.

Link: https://abc7.com/post/avatar-fire-ash-paradise-abbott-elementary-zootopia-2-nab-critics-choice-awards-nominations/18254824/
Article: On The Red Carpet 'Paradise,' 'Abbott Elementary,' 'Zootopia 2' nab Critics Choice Awards nominations "Zootopia 2" is now playing in theaters and On The Red Carpet is celebrating with a special episode taking you inside the making of the new film and to the world premiere with the all-star cast! "Zootopia 2" is now playing in theaters and On The Red Carpet is celebrating with a special episode taking you inside the making of the new film and to the world premiere with the all-star cast! FILM NOMINATIONS FOR THE 31ST ANNUAL CRITICS CHOICE AWARDS BEST PICTURE Bugonia (Focus Features) Frankenstein (Netflix) Hamnet (Focus Features) Jay Kelly (Netflix) Marty Supreme (A24) One Battle After Another (Warner Bros.) Sentimental Value (Neon) Sinners (Warner Bros.) Train Dreams (Netflix) Wicked: For Good (Universal Pictures) BEST ACTOR Timothée Chalamet - Marty Supreme (A24) Leonardo DiCaprio - One Battle After Another (Warner Bros.) Joel Edgerton - Train Dreams (Netflix) Ethan Hawke - Blue Moon (Sony Pictures Classics) Michael B. Jordan - Sinners (Warner Bros.) Wagner Moura - The Secret Agent (Neon) BEST ACTRESS Jessie Buckley - Hamnet (Focus Features) Rose Byrne - If I Had Legs I'd Kick You (A24) Chase Infiniti - One Battle After Another (Warner Bros.) Renate Reinsve - Sentimental Value (Neon) Amanda Seyfried - The Testament of Ann Lee (Searchlight Pictures) Emma Stone - Bugonia (Focus Features) BEST SUPPORTING ACTOR Benicio del Toro - One Battle After Another (Warner Bros.) Jacob Elordi - Frankenstein (Netflix) Paul Mescal - Hamnet (Focus Features) Sean Penn - One Battle After Another (Warner Bros.) Adam Sandler - Jay Kelly (Netflix) Stellan Skarsgrd - Sentimental Value (Neon) BEST SUPPORTING ACTRESS Elle Fanning - Sentimental Value (Neon) Ariana Grande - Wicked: For Good (Universal Pictures) Inga Ibsdotter Lilleaas - Sentimental Value (Neon) Amy Madigan - Weapons (Warner Bros.) Wunmi Mosaku - Sinners (Warner Bros.) Teyana Taylor - One Battle After Another (Warner Bros.) BEST YOUNG ACTOR / ACTRESS Everett Blunck - The Plague (Independent Film Company) Miles Caton - Sinners (Warner Bros.) Cary Christopher - Weapons (Warner Bros.) Shannon Mahina Gorman - Rental Family (Searchlight Pictures) Jacobi Jupe - Hamnet (Focus Features) Nina Ye - Left-Handed Girl (Netflix) BEST DIRECTOR Paul Thomas Anderson - One Battle After Another (Warner Bros.) Ryan Coogler - Sinners (Warner Bros.) Guillermo del Toro - Frankenstein (Netflix) Josh Safdie - Marty Supreme (A24) Joachim Trier - Sentimental Value (Neon) Chloé Zhao - Hamnet (Focus Features) BEST ORIGINAL SCREENPLAY Noah Baumbach, Emily Mortimer - Jay Kelly (Netflix) Ronald Bronstein, Josh Safdie - Marty Supreme (A24) Ryan Coogler - Sinners (Warner Bros.) Zach Cregger - Weapons (Warner Bros.) Eva Victor - Sorry, Baby (A24) Eskil Vogt, Joachim Trier - Sentimental Value (Neon) BEST ADAPTED SCREENPLAY Paul Thomas Anderson - One Battle After Another (Warner Bros.) Clint Bentley, Greg Kwedar - Train Dreams (Netflix) Park Chan-wook, Lee Kyoung-mi, Don Mckellar, Jahye Lee - No Other Choice (Neon) Guillermo del Toro - Frankenstein (Netflix) Will Tracy - Bugonia (Focus Features) Chloé Zhao, Maggie O'Farrell - Hamnet (Focus Features) BEST CASTING AND ENSEMBLE Nina Gold - Hamnet (Focus Features) Douglas Aibel, Nina Gold - Jay Kelly (Netflix) Jennifer Venditti - Marty Supreme (A24) Cassandra Kulukundis - One Battle After Another (Warner Bros.) Francine Maisler - Sinners (Warner Bros.) Tiffany Little Canfield, Bernard Telsey - Wicked: For Good (Universal Pictures) BEST CINEMATOGRAPHY Claudio Miranda - F1 (Apple Original Films) Dan Laustsen - Frankenstein (Netflix) ukasz al - Hamnet (Focus Features) Michael Bauman - One Battle After Another (Warner Bros.) Autumn Durald Arkapaw - Sinners (Warner Bros.) Adolpho Veloso - Train Dreams (Netflix) BEST PRODUCTION DESIGN Kasra Farahani, Jille Azis - The Fantastic Four: First Steps (Marvel Studios) Tamara Deverell, Shane Vieau - Frankenstein (Netflix) Fiona Crombie, Alice Felton - Hamnet (Focus Features) Jack Fisk, Adam Willis - Marty Supreme (A24) Hannah Beachler, Monique Champagne - Sinners (Warner Bros.) Nathan Crowley, Lee Sandales - Wicked: For Good (Universal Pictures) BEST EDITING Kirk Baxter - A House of Dynamite (Netflix) Stephen Mirrione - F1 (Apple Original Films) Ronald Bronstein, Josh Safdie - Marty Supreme (A24) Andy Jurgensen - One Battle After Another (Warner Bros.) Viridiana Lieberman - The Perfect Neighbor (Netflix) Michael P. Shawver - Sinners (Warner Bros.) BEST COSTUME DESIGN Kate Hawley - Frankenstein (Netflix) Malgosia Turzanska - Hamnet (Focus Features) Lindsay Pugh - Hedda (Amazon MGM Studios) Colleen Atwood, Christine Cantella - Kiss of the Spider Woman (Lionsgate/Roadside Attractions) Ruth E. Carter - Sinners (Warner Bros.) Paul Tazewell - Wicked: For Good (Universal Pictures) BEST HAIR AND MAKEUP Flora Moody, John Nolan - 28 Years Later (Sony Pictures) Mike Hill, Jordan Samuel, Cliona Furey - Frankenstein (Netflix) Sin Richards, Ken Diaz, Mike Fontaine, Shunika Terry - Sinners (Warner Bros.) Kazu Hiro, Felix Fox, Mia Neal - The Smashing Machine (A24) Leo Satkovich, Melizah Wheat, Jason Collins - Weapons (Warner Bros.) Frances Hannon, Mark Coulier, Laura Blount - Wicked: For Good (Universal Pictures) BEST VISUAL EFFECTS Joe Letteri, Richard Baneham, Eric Saindon, Daniel Barrett - Avatar: Fire and Ash (20th Century Studios) Ryan Tudhope, Nikeah Forde, Robert Harrington, Nicolas Chevallier, Eric Leven, Edward Price, Keith Dawson - F1 (Apple Original Films) Dennis Berardi, Ayo Burgess, Ivan Busquets, José Granell - Frankenstein (Netflix) Alex Wuttke, Ian Lowe, Jeff Sutherland, Kirstin Hall - Mission: Impossible - The Final Reckoning (Paramount Pictures) Michael Ralla, Espen Nordahl, Guido Wolter, Donnie Dean - Sinners (Warner Bros.) Stephane Ceretti, Enrico Damm, Stéphane Nazé, Guy Williams - Superman (Warner Bros.) BEST STUNT DESIGN Stephen Dunlevy, Kyle Gardiner, Jackson Spidell, Jeremy Marinas, Jan Petina, Domonkos Párdányi, Kinga Kósa-Gavalda - Ballerina (Lionsgate) Gary Powell, Luciano Bacheta, Craig Dolby - F1 (Apple Original Films) Wade Eastwood - Mission: Impossible - The Final Reckoning (Paramount Pictures) Brian Machleit - One Battle After Another (Warner Bros.) Andy Gill - Sinners (Warner Bros.) Giedrius Nagys - Warfare (A24) BEST ANIMATED FEATURE Arco (Neon) Elio (Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures) In Your Dreams (Netflix) KPop Demon Hunters (Netflix) Little Amélie or the Character of Rain (GKIDS) Zootopia 2 (Walt Disney Animation Studios) BEST COMEDY The Ballad of Wallis Island (Focus Features) Eternity (A24) Friendship (A24) The Naked Gun (Paramount) The Phoenician Scheme (Focus Features) Splitsville (Neon) BEST FOREIGN LANGUAGE FILM It Was Just an Accident (Neon) Left-Handed Girl (Netflix) No Other Choice (Neon) The Secret Agent (Neon) Sirt (Neon) Belén (Amazon MGM Studios) BEST SONG "Drive" - Ed Sheeran, John Mayer, Blake Slatkin - F1 (Apple Original Films) "Golden" - Ejae, Mark Sonnenblick, Ido, 24, Teddy - KPop Demon Hunters (Netflix) "I Lied to You" - Raphael Saadiq, Ludwig Göransson - Sinners (Warner Bros.) "Clothed by the Sun" - Daniel Blumberg - The Testament of Ann Lee (Searchlight Pictures) "Train Dreams" - Nick Cave, Bryce Dessner - Train Dreams (Netflix) "The Girl in the Bubble" - Stephen Schwartz - Wicked: For Good (Universal Pictures) BEST SCORE Hans Zimmer - F1 (Apple Original Films) Alexandre Desplat - Frankenstein (Netflix) Max Richter - Hamnet (Focus Features) Daniel Lopatin - Marty Supreme (A24) Jonny Greenwood - One Battle After Another (Warner Bros.) Ludwig Göransson - Sinners (Warner Bros.) BEST SOUND Al Nelson, Gwendolyn Yates Whittle, Gary A. Rizzo, Juan Peralta, Gareth John - F1 (Apple Original Films) Nathan Robitaille, Nelson Ferreira, Christian Cooke, Brad Zoern, Greg Chapman - Frankenstein (Netflix) Jose Antonio Garcia, Christopher Scarabosio, Tony Villaflor - One Battle After Another (Warner Bros.) Chris Welcker, Benny Burtt, Brandon Proctor, Steve Boeddeker, Felipe Pacheco, David V. Butler - Sinners (Warner Bros.) Laia Casanovas - Sirt (Neon) Mitch Low, Glenn Freemantle, Ben Barker, Howard Bargroff, Richard Spooner - Warfare (A24) TELEVISION NOMINATIONS FOR THE 31ST ANNUAL CRITICS CHOICE AWARDS BEST DRAMA SERIES Alien: Earth (FX) Andor (Disney+) The Diplomat (Netflix) Paradise (Hulu) The Pitt (HBO Max) Pluribus (Apple TV) Severance (Apple TV) Task (HBO Max) BEST ACTOR IN A DRAMA SERIES Sterling K. Brown - Paradise (Hulu) Diego Luna - Andor (Disney+) Mark Ruffalo - Task (HBO Max) Adam Scott - Severance (Apple TV) Billy Bob Thornton - Landman (Paramount+) Noah Wyle - The Pitt (HBO Max) BEST ACTRESS IN A DRAMA SERIES Kathy Bates - Matlock (CBS) Carrie Coon - The Gilded Age (HBO Max) Britt Lower - Severance (Apple TV) Bella Ramsey - The Last of Us (HBO Max) Keri Russell - The Diplomat (Netflix) Rhea Seehorn - Pluribus (Apple TV) BEST SUPPORTING ACTOR IN A DRAMA SERIES Patrick Ball - The Pitt (HBO Max) Billy Crudup - The Morning Show (Apple TV) Ato Essandoh - The Diplomat (Netflix) Wood Harris - Forever (Netflix) Tom Pelphrey - Task (HBO Max) Tramell Tillman - Severance (Apple TV) BEST SUPPORTING ACTRESS IN A DRAMA SERIES Nicole Beharie - The Morning Show (Apple TV) Denée Benton - The Gilded Age (HBO Max) Allison Janney - The Diplomat (Netflix) Katherine LaNasa - The Pitt (HBO Max) Greta Lee - The Morning Show (Apple TV) Skye P. Marshall - Matlock (CBS) BEST COMEDY SERIES Abbott Elementary (ABC) Elsbeth (CBS) Ghosts (CBS) Hacks (HBO Max) Nobody Wants This (Netflix) Only Murders in the Building (Hulu) The Righteous Gemstones (HBO Max) The Studio (Apple TV) BEST ACTOR IN A COMEDY SERIES Adam Brody - Nobody Wants This (Netflix) Ted Danson - A Man on the Inside (Netflix) David Alan Grier - St. Denis Medical (NBC) Danny McBride - The Righteous Gemstones (HBO Max) Seth Rogen - The Studio (Apple TV) Alexander Skarsgrd - Murderbot (Apple TV) BEST ACTRESS IN A COMEDY SERIES Kristen Bell - Nobody Wants This (Netflix) Natasha Lyonne - Poker Face (Peacock) Rose McIver - Ghosts (CBS) Edi Patterson - The Righteous Gemstones (HBO Max) Carrie Preston - Elsbeth (CBS) Jean Smart - Hacks (HBO Max) BEST SUPPORTING ACTOR IN A COMEDY SERIES Ike Barinholtz - The Studio (Apple TV) Paul W. Downs - Hacks (HBO Max) Asher Grodman - Ghosts (CBS) Oscar Nuñez - The Paper (Peacock) Chris Perfetti - Abbott Elementary (ABC) Timothy Simons - Nobody Wants This (Netflix) BEST SUPPORTING ACTRESS IN A COMEDY SERIES Danielle Brooks - Peacemaker (HBO Max) Hannah Einbinder - Hacks (HBO Max) Janelle James - Abbott Elementary (ABC) Justine Lupe - Nobody Wants This (Netflix) Ego Nwodim - Saturday Night Live (NBC) Rebecca Wisocky - Ghosts (CBS) BEST LIMITED SERIES Adolescence (Netflix) All Her Fault (Peacock) Chief of War (Apple TV) Death by Lightning (Netflix) Devil in Disguise: John Wayne Gacy (Peacock) Dope Thief (Apple TV) Dying for Sex (FX on Hulu) The Girlfriend (Prime Video) BEST MOVIE MADE FOR TELEVISION Bridget Jones: Mad About the Boy (Peacock) Deep Cover (Prime Video) The Gorge (Apple TV) Mountainhead (HBO Max) Nonnas (Netflix) Summer of '69 (Hulu) BEST ACTOR IN A LIMITED SERIES OR MOVIE MADE FOR TELEVISION Michael Chernus - Devil in Disguise: John Wayne Gacy (Peacock) Stephen Graham - Adolescence (Netflix) Brian Tyree Henry - Dope Thief (Apple TV) Charlie Hunnam - Monster: The Ed Gein Story (Netflix) Matthew Rhys - The Beast in Me (Netflix) Michael Shannon - Death by Lightning (Netflix) BEST ACTRESS IN A LIMITED SERIES OR MOVIE MADE FOR TELEVISION Jessica Biel - The Better Sister (Prime Video) Meghann Fahy - Sirens (Netflix) Sarah Snook - All Her Fault (Peacock) Michelle Williams - Dying for Sex (FX on Hulu) Robin Wright - The Girlfriend (Prime Video) Renée Zellweger - Bridget Jones: Mad About the Boy (Peacock) BEST SUPPORTING ACTOR IN A LIMITED SERIES OR MOVIE MADE FOR TELEVISION Owen Cooper - Adolescence (Netflix) Wagner Moura - Dope Thief (Apple TV) Nick Offerman - Death by Lightning (Netflix) Michael Peña - All Her Fault (Peacock) Ashley Walters - Adolescence (Netflix) Ramy Youssef - Mountainhead (HBO Max) BEST SUPPORTING ACTRESS IN A LIMITED SERIES OR MOVIE MADE FOR TELEVISION Erin Doherty - Adolescence (Netflix) Betty Gilpin - Death by Lightning (Netflix) Marin Ireland - Devil in Disguise: John Wayne Gacy (Peacock) Sophia Lillis - All Her Fault (Peacock) Julianne Moore - Sirens (Netflix) Christine Tremarco - Adolescence (Netflix) BEST FOREIGN LANGUAGE SERIES Acapulco (Apple TV) Last Samurai Standing (Netflix) Mussolini: Son of the Century (MUBI) Red Alert (Paramount+) Squid Game (Netflix) When No One Sees Us (HBO Max) BEST ANIMATED SERIES Bob's Burgers (Fox) Harley Quinn (HBO Max) Long Story Short (Netflix) Marvel Zombies (Disney+) South Park (Comedy Central) Your Friendly Neighborhood Spider-Man (Disney+) BEST TALK SHOW The Daily Show (Comedy Central) Hot Ones (YouTube) Jimmy Kimmel Live! (ABC) Late Night with Seth Meyers (NBC) The Late Show with Stephen Colbert (CBS) Watch What Happens Live with Andy Cohen (Bravo) BEST VARIETY SERIES Conan O'Brien Must Go (HBO Max) Last Week Tonight with John Oliver (HBO Max) Saturday Night Live (NBC) BEST COMEDY SPECIAL Brett Goldstein: The Second Best Night of Your Life (HBO Max) Caleb Hearon: Model Comedian (HBO Max) Leanne Morgan: Unspeakable Things (Netflix) Marc Maron: Panicked (HBO Max) Sarah Silverman: PostMortem (Netflix) SNL50: The Anniversary Special (NBC) The Walt Disney Company is the parent company of Disney+, Hulu, FX and this news station.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/football/articles/c3e0n00p205o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: But, while fans of the home nations can finally start marking their calendars and plotting routes through the tournament, Friday's draw in Washington DC was not short of other major talking points. Long before the Village People took to the stage to sing us out with a rendition of YMCA, we were left picking the bones out of a group stage which will see two of the world's best strikers go head-to-head and a knockout stage which could produce a truly mouthwatering meeting between two greats of the game.

Link: https://www.npr.org/sections/shots-health-news/2025/12/05/nx-s1-5633282/transgender-rachel-levine-portrait-hhs
Article: HHS changed the name of transgender health leader on her official portrait toggle caption Maansi Srivastava for NPR As you walk down a particular hallway on the seventh floor of the Humphrey Building in Washington, D.C., you'll find a line of photographic portraits of all the people from years past who have led the Public Health Corps at the federal Department of Health and Human Services. Levine responds "During the federal shutdown, the current leadership of the Office of the Assistant Secretary for Health changed Admiral Levine's photo to remove her current legal name and use a prior name," says Adrian Shanker, former deputy assistant secretary for health policy in the Biden administration who worked with Levine and is now her spokesperson. Public Health Service Commissioned Corps Levine told NPR that it was an honor to serve the American people as the assistant secretary for health "and I'm not going to comment on this type of petty action." HHS statement NPR asked HHS who made the change and why. An HHS staff member who asked not be identified for fear of professional retribution called the change "disrespectful" and added that it exemplifies "the erasure of transgender individuals by this administration." During the 2024 campaign, President Trump and other Republicans spent millions on anti-transgender ads, some of which featured Levine's image. He praised her public health work on COVID-19, syphilis, HIV/AIDS and opioids, and said rather than act vindictively towards her, current leaders at HHS should focus on the many public health challenges facing the American people.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Health/14-cases-legionnaires-disease-reported-florida-linked-gym/story?id=128156214
Article: The letter from the department did not list the name of the gym, but WFTV reported that a Crunch Fitness in Ocoee -- 12 miles west of Orlando -- had members reporting cases of Legionnaires' disease. Crunch Fitness told the station it is working with the health department, has closed off parts of the gym and is testing its pool and spa systems "out of an abundance of caution." Neither the Florida Department of Health nor Crunch Fitness immediately returned ABC News' request for comment. Bsip/uig/Getty Images/Universal Images Legionnaires' disease is a severe form of pneumonia caused by inhaling the Legionella bacteria in small droplets of water mixed in the air or contaminated water accidentally going into your lungs. Legionella bacteria are found naturally in freshwater but typically grow best in warm water and in warm to hot temperatures, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC).

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/local/dallas-county/viral-dallas-christmas-house-returns-grinch-theme/287-4e4825e6-72e2-485c-bc33-4f88a43dbe0e
Article: DALLAS — A mansion in Dallas' Preston Hollow neighborhood that's gone viral for its elaborate Christmas and Halloween displays — and caused traffic issues — is drawing crowds again with its new Grinch theme. Last year, the extravagant display with decorations ranging from nutcrackers and reindeer to a Santa with now-President Donald Trump's face on it and lights twinkling from top-to-bottom of the nearly 9,000-square-foot home in the 6200 block of Deloache Avenue went viral and caused major traffic backups. Last year's spectacle prompted Dallas City Council members to discuss potential changes to “add teeth” to city code to crack down on similar “extraordinary neighborhood events” and the resulting light, noise and traffic issues.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/snooker/articles/c0kd7n2jnjpo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Ding, who won this title for the first time exactly 20 years ago, started strongly with breaks of 89 and 83, but after that Trump took control to reach a third successive UK semi-final. Trump, winner of 30 ranking titles, punished mistakes from his under-par opponent to book a last-four appearance against Australia's Neil Robertson, who held off fightback from Pang Junxu to triumph 6-4. "It has not been vintage but the difference this tournament has been the timing, when I have needed to make a clearance or pot an important ball they have been going in. Event though I am not back to my best I've done everything I need to do at the crucial times." Trump's meeting with Robertson, will be a repeat of the 2020 UK final which the Australian won 10-9 in an epic encounter that went on into the early hours of the morning.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/louisiana-inmates-run-after-escaping-breaking-degrading-jail-128157255
Article: Officials in Louisiana say two inmates accused of violent crimes are on the run after escaping from jail by removing pieces of a wall and using sheets to scale a wall Louisiana inmates on the run after escaping by breaking through degrading jail wall OPELOUSAS, Louisiana -- Two inmates accused of violent crimes, including second-degree attempted murder, are on the run after escaping from a southwestern Louisiana jail Wednesday by removing pieces of a degrading wall and using sheets to scale a wall, officials said. It wasn't until five months later — following the discovery of the escape crime scene with a message that read “To Easy LoL," finger-pointing by officials as to who was to blame for the audacious escape and a search that spanned multiple states — that all 10 inmates were recaptured. Guidroz, who oversees the jail in Opelousas, about 130 miles (209 kilometers) northwest of New Orleans, said the "inmates discovered a degrading part of an upper wall area and over time, removed the mortar allowing them to remove concrete blocks and provide their exit.” The inmates then used “sheets and other items” to scale the outer wall and “drop onto” the first floor roof, before “lowering themselves to the ground,” Guidroz said in a press release. The sheriff’s office identified the two escaped inmates still on the loose as Keith Eli, 24, of Opelousas, who was facing a second-degree attempted murder charge, and Johnathan Jevon Joseph, 24, of Opelousas, who was facing several charges, including principal to first-degree rape. The third escapee, Joseph Allen Harrington, 26, of Melville, who faced several felony charges, including home invasion, killed himself after he was found, Port Barre Police Chief Deon Boudreaux said by telephone.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/05/judge-finalize-remedies-in-google-antitrust-case.html
Article: "The age-old saying 'the devil is in the details' may not have been devised with the drafting of an antitrust remedies judgment in mind, but it sure does fit," Mehta wrote in one of the Friday filings. Mehta in September also ruled that Google would have to make available certain search index data and user interaction data, though "not ads data." The DOJ had asked Google to stop the practice of "compelled syndication," which refers to the practice of making certain deals with companies to ensure its search engine remains the default choice in browsers and smartphones.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/entertainment/movies/15-funniest-netflix-comedy-films-to-watch-now-11125575
Article: From a star-studded satire starring Leo DiCaprio, to a family-friendly animation featuring the voices of Danny McBride and Maya Rudolph, there’s something for everyone to enjoy - dumb laughs, sharp wit, and everything in between. 'The Kissing Booth' Year: 2018 Cast: Joey King, Jacob Elordi, Joel Courtney Synopsis: “A high-school student’s love life turns upside down when she breaks her own rules and falls for her best friend’s older brother, threatening her closest friendship.” 'Kinda Pregnant' Year: 2025 Cast: Amy Schumer, Jillian Bell, Brianne Howey, Will Forte Synopsis: “When Lainy’s plan to settle down and start a family falls apart, she puts on a fake baby bump, tells a lie — and accidentally falls for her dream guy.” 'Unfrosted' Year: 2024 Cast: Jerry Seinfeld, Melissa McCarthy, Jim Gaffigan, Hugh Grant Synopsis: “A whimsical retelling of the 1960s breakfast-food wars as two cereal giants race to create the first-ever toaster pastry.” 'Family Switch' Year: 2023 Cast: Jennifer Garner, Ed Helms, Emma Myers, Brady Noon Synopsis: “A chaotic family accidentally swaps bodies during a rare cosmic event, pushing them to understand one another in unexpected ways.” 'Don’t Look Up' Year: 2021 Cast: Leonardo DiCaprio, Jennifer Lawrence, Meryl Streep, Jonah Hill Synopsis: “Two astronomers struggle to warn the world about a comet heading straight for Earth — only to find widespread apathy, media chaos, and political absurdity standing in their way.” 'Nonnas' Year: 2024 Cast: Dan Levy, Jenny Slate, Tony Hawk Synopsis: “A down-on-his-luck chef rediscovers purpose after bonding with a group of outspoken Italian grandmothers whose bold personalities help reshape his life — and his cooking.” 'Someone Great' Year: 2019 Cast: Gina Rodriguez, Brittany Snow, DeWanda Wise, LaKeith Stanfield Synopsis: “After a sudden breakup, a music journalist embarks on one last wild night out in New York with her two best friends before moving across the country for her dream job.” 'The Incredible Jessica James' Year: 2017 Cast: Jessica Williams, Chris O’Dowd, LaKeith Stanfield, Noël Wells Synopsis: “A passionate New York playwright navigates a messy breakup, new romantic possibilities, and her artistic ambitions — all with humor and heart.” 'You Are So Not Invited to My Bat Mitzvah' Year: 2023 Cast: Sunny Sandler, Samantha Lorraine, Adam Sandler, Idina Menzel Synopsis: “A teen’s carefully planned bat mitzvah spirals into chaos when friendships fracture and middle-school drama threatens her big day.” 'Glass Onion: A Knives Out Mystery' Year: 2022 Cast: Daniel Craig, Edward Norton, Janelle Monáe, Kathryn Hahn Synopsis: “Detective Benoit Blanc travels to a tech billionaire’s private island, where a glamorous group of friends harbors secrets — and one of them ends up dead.” 'Hit Man' Year: 2024 Cast: Glen Powell, Adria Arjona, Austin Amelio Synopsis: “A strait-laced professor who poses as a fake hit man for police stings finds his double life spiraling when he falls for a woman who believes he’s the real deal.” 'Do Revenge' Year: 2022 Cast: Camila Mendes, Maya Hawke, Austin Abrams, Sophie Turner Synopsis: “Two students team up to take down each other’s tormentors through elaborate revenge schemes — but their plots begin to unravel in unexpected and darkly funny ways.” 'We Have a Ghost' Year: 2023 Cast: David Harbour, Anthony Mackie, Jahi Winston, Tig Notaro Synopsis: “A family becomes internet-famous after discovering a ghost in their attic — but their viral fame attracts government interest and shifts their haunting into high-stakes chaos.” 'Leo' Year: 2023 Cast (Voice): Adam Sandler, Bill Burr, Sadie Sandler Synopsis: “A 74-year-old classroom lizard decides it’s time for a change — and ends up transforming a young student’s life while finding new meaning in his own.” 'The Mitchells vs. The Machines' Year: 2021 Cast (Voice): Danny McBride, Abbi Jacobson, Maya Rudolph, Olivia Colman Synopsis: “A robot apocalypse puts the brakes on the Mitchells’ cross-country road trip, forcing the world’s weirdest family to band together to save humanity.”

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nfl/seattle-seahawks-sam-darnold-linked-bizarre-potential-trade-11166704
Article: At the very least, Darnold has been an upgrade from Geno Smith, and the three-year, $100.5 million contract he signed with the Seahawks during the offseason looks like a bargain. ESPN's Dan Graziano pitches the possibility, noting that the Seahawks specifically designed his deal so that they would have an escape route after one season, whether that's via trading him or cutting him. "But if they were to cut him before that, they wouldn't owe even one more penny and would be on the hook for just $25.6 million in dead money." ... Darnold is slated to earn $28 million next season and $45.7 million in 2027, but if Seattle parts ways with him soon enough, it won't owe him much money at all. Turnovers have been an issue for Darnold this season, as he has given the ball away 15 times (he has lost five fumbles in addition to the picks he has thrown). Read more: Packers Star Changes Tune on Super Bowl Prediction The 28-year-old also totaled 4,319 yards, 35 touchdowns and 12 picks with the Minnesota Vikings last season, guiding them to 14 wins.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/how-to-watch-jazz-vs-knicks-live-stream-nba-tv-channel-11164638
Article: The New York Knicks (14-7) look to continue their dominance at Madison Square Garden, where they are 11-1 this season, when they host the Utah Jazz (8-13), who have won consecutive games for the first time this season after winning the front end of their Gotham back-to-back. How to Watch Utah Jazz vs New York Knicks When: Friday, December 5, 2025 Time: 7:30 PM ET TV Channel: MSG, Utah Jazz try for free ) Live Stream: Fubo ( Utah erupted for 42 points in the fourth quarter on Thursday night to run past the Brooklyn Nets for a 123-110 road win that marked the first time this season the Jazz have won consecutive games. They carry all of the channels you will need to never miss your favorite team's games, including nationally broadcast channels like ESPN, ABC, and NBA TV, as well as local team coverage.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/trump-turns-to-the-worlds-game-fifa-hands-him-the-stage-11166500
Article: He delivered a featured speech, drew the United States into its tournament group, and accepted FIFA’s inaugural “Peace Prize,” a new honor created without formal council approval by FIFA President Gianni Infantino, a longtime Trump associate who has described the U.S. “We’ve saved millions and millions of lives.” The comment came moments before Infantino handed him a gold medal and a specially commissioned trophy, an act that drew rebuke from civil rights groups and members of FIFA’s own leadership, who said the prize was never formally approved by FIFA's governing council. “That’s a beautiful piece of gold.” Months later, after the Club World Cup wrapped up in New Jersey, Trump asked Infantino if he could have a replica of the new trophy. Although the 2026 tournament is jointly hosted by the United States, Canada, and Mexico, the roles of Canadian Prime Minister Mark Carney and Mexican President Claudia Sheinbaum were largely sidelined during the ceremony. As President Trump has intensified his immigration agenda following the shooting of two National Guardsmen in Washington, D.C., last November, questions about how the administration’s measures are affecting qualified teams received no answers. Whispers spread through the hall when Infantino suddenly returned to the stage to award Trump the Peace Prize, a gesture that came days after Trump missed out on the Nobel Peace Prize, which Infantino had said he “deserved.” The moment quickly drew backlash outside the Kennedy Center as well. In a sharply worded statement, the American Civil Liberties Union warned that by awarding Trump its inaugural “Peace Prize,” FIFA was “risking becoming a stage for authoritarianism.” Jamil Dakwar, director of the ACLU’s Human Rights Program, pointed to the Trump administration’s sweeping immigration raids, mass detentions, and the deployment of National Guard units in several World Cup host cities, saying that FIFA should be leveraging its influence to stop human rights abuses, “not to whitewash and capitulate.” Awarding Trump a trophy, Dakwar said, “instead of a red card,” sent the opposite message. Six international soccer officials across three continents spoke to POLITICO and revealed widespread frustration with Infantino’s decision to side with Trump, even as White House policies cause chaos for World Cup-bound teams, fans, and local organizers—clashing with Infantino’s promise to have a tournament that welcomes the world. Justice Department investigation that led to dozens of indictments and the eventual downfall of longtime president Sepp Blatter, promised to clean up an organization tainted by years of bribery and influence-peddling. But his tenure has also drawn criticism for being overly accommodating to leaders such as Russian President Vladimir Putin and Saudi Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman, both of whom have used major soccer events to bolster their global image. In 2034, after the centennial World Cup hosted by Spain, Portugal, and Morocco, Saudi Arabia is set to stage the tournament as a showcase of its Vision 2030 plan championed by Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nfl/chicago-bears-could-dump-cole-kmet-depressing-trade-11166684
Article: Read more: Packers Star Changes Tune on Super Bowl Prediction There was a time when Kmet was one of Chicago's top playmakers, but he began to fade last year, and the Bears' decision to select fellow tight end Colston Loveland in the first round of the NFL Draft last April further marginalized his role. Kmet has logged just 20 catches for 231 yards and a couple of touchdowns this season, and with two years remaining on his contract, ESPN's Dan Graziano wonders if the former second-round pick could be traded — or cut — during the offseason. But if Chicago is looking for a place to find some cap relief next spring, Kmet's contract could be vulnerable." Kmet was floated in trade speculation before the 2025 campaign began, and with Loveland clearly taking over as the No. The 26-year-old arrived in Chicago back in 2020 and put together a strong run over his first four NFL seasons, particularly in 2023 when he hauled in 73 receptions for 719 yards and six scores. Read more: Browns’ Shedeur Sanders Receives Ominous Warning Before Facing Titans But it has become clear that Kmet is not exactly a favorite target of Caleb Williams, and with Loveland emerging as a big-time threat, it doesn't make a whole lot of sense for the Bears to keep Loveland anymore.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/mlb/mlb-insider-skeptical-of-yankees-cody-bellinger-reunion-11166455
Article: Free agent Cody Bellinger is one of the biggest names on the market this offseason, and FanSided's Robert Murray is unsure of the New York Yankees' chance to keep him in the Bronx. The outfielder batted a respectable .272 while hitting 29 home runs tallying 98 RBIs, both of which are the most he's had since his MVP campaign with LA in 2019. More news: Dodgers Face Concerning Development in Signing Top Free Agent Reliever "After Trent Grisham accepted the qualifying offer, the immediate word was that Cody Bellinger was still in play for the Yankees," Murray wrote. More news: Blue Jays Receive Surprise Grade For Dylan Cease Signing If a reunion with Bellinger isn't in the cards for the Yankees, they still have several internal options with which they could fill their outfield. 4 prospect Spencer Jones on the 40-man roster already, and after his .933 OPS showing across Double-A and Triple-A in 2025, they could very well give him a run alongside Grisham and AL MVP Aaron Judge. Ultimately, the Yankees already have several options in the outfield, and while Bellinger is surely a huge upgrade over their current options, the price point could cause bigger issues within the lineup.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/how-to-watch-spurs-vs-cavaliers-live-stream-nba-tv-channel-11164601
Article: The San Antonio Spurs (15-6) look to continue thriving without injured Victor Wembanyama as they visit the struggling Cleveland Cavaliers (13-10), who have lost four of their last five, on Friday night. How to Watch San Antonio Spurs vs Cleveland Cavaliers When: Friday, December 5, 2025 Time: 7:30 PM ET TV Channel: FanDuel Sports Network Ohio 1 (Cleveland feed), FanDuel Sports Network Southwest try for free ) Live Stream: Fubo ( The Spurs won for the seventh time in the nine games Wembanyama has been sidelined with a strained calf, as Luke Kornet’s last-second blocked shot preserved a 114-112 road win over the Orlando Magic on Wednesday night. Cleveland cut an 18-point deficit to five with 2:37 left before the visiting Portland Trail Blazers closed out a 122-110 win that marked the Cavaliers’ first loss this season to a team with a losing record. Mitchell paces the Cavaliers with an average of 30.7 points, with Mobley posting 18.0 points and 9.0 rebounds per game and Darius Garland netting 13.6 points and 6.5 assists in eight games since his return from toe surgery. They carry all of the channels you will need to never miss your favorite team's games, including nationally broadcast channels like ESPN, ABC, and NBA TV, as well as local team coverage.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nfl/cardinals-announce-disappointing-kyler-murray-injury-updat-11165417
Article: He also noted that Cardinals head coach Jonathan Gannon announced that the injury is "not progressing where it's [going to] make sense that he can go." Read More: Exclusive: Chris Long’s Bold Take is Good News for Eagles Fans Through five games, Murray has completed 110 of 161 passes for 962 yards, six touchdowns and three interceptions. “Would another team be willing to take on $60 million of guaranteed money for Kyler Murray...I think by any logical measure here, Rich, you’d say Kyler Murray is probably going to be someplace else in 2026.” Pelissero said. "He still has in 2026, almost $40 million fully guaranteed, and another almost $20 million becomes fully guaranteed if Kyler is still on the roster as of March 15th." All in all, Pelissero believes Murray will call a new team home next season. “Would another team be willing to take on $60 million of guaranteed money for Kyler Murray?… I think by any logical measure here, Rich, you’d say Kyler Murray is probably going to be someplace else in 2026.” Pelissero said. Read More: Jalen Hurts Admits Eagles Offense Still Struggling to Get on Same Page “This is part of what’s going to be, I believe, Rich, a really, really busy and fascinating quarterback carousel… as we get through January and towards Super Bowl week.” The Cardinals face the Rams on Sunday, Dec.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/how-to-watch-lakers-vs-celtics-live-stream-nba-tv-channel-11165761
Article: How to Watch Lakers vs Celtics When: Friday, December 5, 2025 Time: 7:00 PM ET try for free ) Live Stream: Prime Video ( The Lakers arrive in Boston riding momentum after a dramatic 123–120 win over the Raptors on Thursday, capped by a buzzer-beating 3-pointer by Rui Hachimura off a decisive assist from LeBron James. Boston enters with its own confidence boost, fresh off a dominant win over Washington that showcased strong defense and offensive balance, with contributions from Derrick White and other key role players. You can watch the NBA, as well as other live sports, on Prime Video all season long, along with a wide array of other entertainment options available on the streaming service, which offers a free trial.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/betting/betmgm-bonus-code-newsweek1500-get-1500-bonus-for-nba-cfb-championships-11164817
Article: There is no odds restriction for this wager, so you can look into betting markets like these to maximize your chances of winning the bonuses: Derrick White 10+ points (-1400) Payton Pritchard 3+ assists (-1100) Anthony Davis 15+ points (-700) Texas Tech moneyline (-550) Lamar Jackson 150+ passing yards (-2500) If you get the $1,500 safety net, you can bet up to that amount on the above markets or any other option that appeals to you. Pre-Built Parlays With BetMGM Sportsbook Let's take a look at some of the pre-built parlays that are unique to the BetMGM Sportsbook app this weekend: Knicks -15.5, Jalen Brunson 30+ points, Karl-Anthony Towns 25+ points (+675) Magic moneyline, Franz Wagner 25+ points and 5+ assists (+625) Nuggets-Hawks over 238.5 points, Nikola Jokic 13+ assists, Jalen Johnson and Dyson Daniels 7+ assists (+1250) Ravens moneyline, Lamar Jackson 200+ passing yards, Derrick Henry and Mark Andrews EACH score a touchdown (+575) Colts moneyline, Daniel Jones 200+ passing yards, Jonathan Taylor and Tyler Warren EACH score a touchdown (+550) Register With BetMGM Bonus Code NEWSWEEK1500 Click here and follow the instructions below to get set up with this offer from BetMGM Sportsbook: Enter the bonus code NEWSWEEK1500 Provide basic personal information (Legal name, address, date of birth, email, phone number, etc.) Make an initial deposit with a compatible payment method (Credit/debit card, online banking, etc.) Place your first bet to activate the $1,500 first bet safety net or a $150 bonus offer Utilize any bonus bets you receive within one week before they expire Newsweek may earn an affiliate commission if you sign up through the links in this article.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/entertainment/tv/welcome-to-derry-season-1-episode-7-release-date-schedule-how-to-watch-11156039
Article: Episode 7 of "Welcome to Derry" will be available to stream on Max from December 7 and will also be available to watch on air on HBO at 9 pm ET/PT. December 7 BRT: 11:00 pm December 8 GMT : 2:00 am CEST : 3:00 am IST : 7:30 am JST : 11:00 am AET : 1:00 pm NZDT: 3:00 pm 'Welcome to Derry' Release Schedule Episode 1: October 26 Episode 2: November 2 Episode 3: November 9 Episode 4: November 16 Episode 5: November 23 Episode 6: November 30 Episode 7: December 7 Episode 8: December 14 'Welcome to Derry' Episode 7 Runtime So far, episodes of "Welcome to Derry" have been between 54 and 66 minutes long.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/how-to-watch-kennesaw-state-vs-jacksonville-state-live-stream-conference-usa-championship-game-ncaa-college-football-tv-channel-11153031
Article: How to Watch Conference USA Championship: Kennesaw State vs Jacksonville State When: Friday, December 5, 2025 Time: 7:00 PM ET TV Channel: CBS Sports Network try for free ) Live Stream: Fubo ( Jacksonville State finished 7-1 in CUSA play in its first season under coach Charles Kelly and clinched its spot in the title game when Garrison Rippa hit a 28-yard field goal as time expired to lift the Gamecocks to a 37-34 win over visiting Western Kentucky on Saturday. After Amari Odom hit Christian Moss with a 25-yard touchdown pass on the first play of the Owls’ second OT possession, the defense stopped the Flames on downs to end it.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/wrestling/popular-wwe-names-backstage-for-smackdown-amid-report-11166535
Article: A trio of intriguing WWE stars are reportedly backstage for "Friday Night SmackDown." PWInsider is reporting that "NXT" talents Trick Williams, Oba Femi, and Sol Ruca are inside the Moody Center in Austin. More News: Unexpected WWE Name Could Get Bigger Role on TV Top NXT Stars Attend SmackDown Once Williams gets called up to the main roster, it would appear he'd be a lock for "WWE SmackDown." It's the show where his fiancée, Lash Legend, performs. He has the size to be an intimidating monster heel, but he's also shown the ability to be a babyface on "NXT." Plenty of dream matches against the likes of Bron Breakker and Jacob Fatu await Femi once he gets the call.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nfl/fantasy-football-sleepers-youll-want-to-start-in-week-14-11166580
Article: Minnesota Vikings Offense Other than three games (350/2, 236/1, 313/0) by Carson Wentz, the quarterback play by the Vikings had been a train wreck at almost every other turn in 2025. Tampa Bay is fighting for its playoff life with the Carolina Panthers, but the Bucs have a favorable schedule over the last five weeks (NO, ATL, @CAR, @MIA, and CAR).

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/how-to-watch-troy-vs-james-madison-live-stream-sun-belt-championship-game-ncaa-college-football-tv-channel-11153063
Article: 25 in the latest College Football Playoff rankings, face an uphill battle for a playoff berth as they host the Troy Trojans (8-4) on Friday night for the Sun Belt Conference championship. How to Watch Sun Belt Championship: Troy vs James Madison When: Friday, December 5, 2025 Time: 7:00 PM ET TV Channel: ESPN try for free ) Live Stream: Fubo ( James Madison brings a 10-game winning streak into the Sun Belt title game, with its lone loss coming by a 28-14 margin at Louisville on Sept. Jobi Malary picked up 154 yards and a touchdown on just 12 carries, while Alonza Barnett III threw for three scores and also ran for a touchdown, with Braeden Wisloski, Michael Scott, Lakota Dippre, and Isaiah Alston making touchdown catches. Their best hope likely lies in Duke upsetting Virginia in the Atlantic Coast Conference championship game on Saturday night, as the Dukes would likely finish with a better ranking than an 8-5 Duke squad.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/student-loans-update-on-major-change-coming-this-month-11166513
Article: Why It Matters President Donald Trump's One Big, Beautiful Bill Act opted to phase out SAVE by July 1, 2028, but borrowers hoped to stay on the plan for another two-plus years. “You are in a general forbearance, unless you obtained a different status [for example, deferment], because your loan servicer is not currently able to bill you at an amount required by the court injunction,” the Education Department said in guidance for SAVE plan borrowers affected by the litigation. Borrowers will be informed of any further change to this litigation-related forbearance.” Time spent in forbearance doesn’t count toward student loan forgiveness for either income-driven repayment plans or the Public Service Loan Forgiveness option. “Before the lapse in appropriations, the parties were engaged in settlement discussions,” attorneys for the states in opposition to SAVE and the Trump administration said in a joint status report last month. The parties thus propose to file their next joint status report in three weeks, on or before December 15, 2025.” Anyone on SAVE should treat the next few weeks as a “wake-up call,” Michael Ryan, a finance expert and the founder of MichaelRyanMoney.com, told Newsweek. For borrowers building financial stability around promised relief, this change could be a harsh reset.” What People Are Saying Kevin Thompson, the CEO of 9i Capital Group and the host of the 9innings podcast, told Newsweek: “Even though loans under the SAVE plan remain in forbearance, interest began accruing again in August. If Republicans get their way, borrowers may soon be limited to only the IBR or RAP plans, both of which require much longer repayment periods before forgiveness, and past forbearance periods may not count toward that forgiveness timeline.” Alex Beene, a financial literacy instructor for the University of Tennessee at Martin, told Newsweek: “If SAVE is formally shut down, many borrowers will be pushed into older repayment options like IBR, PAYE, or ICR, plans that almost certainly equate to higher monthly bills. Federal law is already set to phase out SAVE, PAYE, and ICR by 2028, replacing them with a new Repayment Assistance Plan that could permanently reshape how Americans repay student debt. And while it's not clear if all students will see higher payments as the result of this switch, many more than likely will because of more stringent rules put on the assistance plan process.” Michael Ryan told Newsweek: “If you’re on SAVE, treat the coming months as a planning window. Don’t assume $0 payments or frozen interest will bounce back.” What Happens Next A final settlement agreement could be filed by December 15, based on previous statements from Trump’s administration attorneys.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/trump-admin-immigrant-facial-recognition-app-removed-google-11166215
Article: An app rolled out by the Trump administration allowing local police to use facial recognition technology to identify illegal immigrants has been pulled from the Google Play Store, it was reported Friday. Why It Matters The Trump administration has been seeking to use a variety of new tools as part of its efforts to deliver on the promise of mass deportations of illegal immigrants, but critics have warned that some of the technology, as well as data sharing between agencies, pose a risk not just to illegal immigrants, but to all American residents who could see their privacy infringed upon. What To Know CBP uses a range of apps as part of its border security efforts, including the Global Entry and CBP Link apps for entry into and out of the U.S., as well as the CBP Home app, which allows those without legal status to self-deport. Mobile Identify was intended as one element of using local law enforcement as part of federal immigration enforcement efforts, with the app telling officers to contact ICE if there was a positive match. The app is a version of a more robust app used by federal agents themselves, Mobile Fortify, which draws from a database of more than 200 million images held by CBP, which can then return a person’s name, date of birth, immigration status, and the alien number (A Number) assigned by USCIS. Google had told 404 that the app was only usable by those with official government logins and that if the company found any violations of its policies, it would take action. On Friday, House Committee on Homeland Security Chairman Andrew Garbarino, a New York Republican, and Oversight, Investigations, and Accountability Subcommittee Chairman Josh Brecheen, sent letters to Apple and Google’s CEO’s, raising concerns about such apps – some of which the companies have already removed from their app stores. What People Are Saying Google, in an earlier statement to 404 Media: “This app is only usable with an official government login and does not publicly broadcast specific user data or location. Play has robust policies and when we find a violation, we take action.” New York Republican Representative Andrew Garbarino, in a statement to Newsweek earlier Friday on ICE agent tracking apps: "Apps that broadcast the location and identity of law enforcement personnel don’t just put them at risk – they undermine lawful government operations and embolden bad actors. Protecting our law enforcement officers is fundamental to protecting the safety and security of our communities.” What’s Next It was unclear on Friday afternoon if the Mobile ID app would return to the Google Play Store.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cgl6zejp75wo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Failed Sarah Ferguson-backed app received £1m taxpayers' money Sarah Ferguson and Manuel Fernandez attended the Leonardo DiCaprio Foundation 2nd Annual Gala in Saint-Tropez on July 22, 2015 Ms Ferguson and Mr Fernandez did not respond to requests for comment. It promised to give users "the power to Find, Plan, Share, Live, and Remember all the things you love to do - and those you're yet to try." vVoosh was founded by Manuel Fernandez, a close friend of Ms Ferguson, who once described herself as an "ambassador" for the company and was an investor. Last month it emerged that a crypto-currency mining firm had agreed to pay her up to £1.4m for acting as a "brand ambassador" - that firm also failed, allegedly costing investors millions. In September, a number of charities dropped her as a patron or ambassador after an email from 2011 revealed that she called sex offender Jeffrey Epstein her "supreme friend" and seemed to apologise for her public criticism of him. He was regularly photographed with the then duchess in 2015 and 2016, and they attended Sir Bob Geldof's wedding together, but she denied rumours they were a couple, saying they were just "good friends". One of the firm's American backers, Mark Guzy, has put more than £400,000 into the company to preserve "certain essential services" and protect the value of its software platform, which is the company's main remaining asset. The BBC understands that the Charity Commission has now begun the process of removing vVoosh Charitable Foundation from the register of charities, on the basis that it does not operate.

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/12/05/nx-s1-5634897/trump-census-race-categories-ethnicity-middle-east-north-africa
Article: Trump official signals potential rollback of changes to census racial categories toggle caption Matt Rourke/AP A Trump administration official on Friday signaled a potential rollback of the racial and ethnic categories approved for the 2030 census and other future federal government forms. A White House agency at the time approved, among other changes, new checkboxes for "Middle Eastern or North African" and "Hispanic or Latino" under a reformatted question that asks survey participants: "What is your race and/or ethnicity?" The revisions also require the federal government to stop automatically categorizing people who identify with Middle Eastern or North African groups as white. Sponsor Message But at a Friday meeting of the Council of Professional Associations on Federal Statistics in Washington, D.C., the chief statistician within the White House's Office of Management and Budget revealed that the Trump administration has started a new review of those standards and how the 2024 revisions were approved. I think we just wanted to be able to take a look at the process and decide where we wanted to end up on a number of these questions," said Mark Calabria. In September, OMB said those Biden-era revisions "continue to be in effect" when it announced a six-month extension to the 2029 deadline for federal agencies to follow the new standards when collecting data on race and ethnicity. Sponsor Message Calabria said the delay gave agencies more time to implement the changes "while we review." The first Trump administration stalled the process for revising the racial and ethnic data standards in time for the 2020 census. The "Project 2025" policy agenda released by The Heritage Foundation, the conservative, D.C.-based think tank, called for a Republican administration to "thoroughly review any changes" to census race and ethnicity questions because of "concerns among conservatives that the data under Biden Administration proposals could be skewed to bolster progressive political agendas." Advocates of the changes, however, see the new categories and other revisions as long-needed updates to better reflect people's identities. "At stake is a more accurate and deeper understanding of the communities that comprise our country," says Meeta Anand, senior director of census and data equity at the Leadership Conference on Civil and Human Rights.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/show/news-wrap-supreme-court-to-hear-case-on-trumps-order-ending-birthright-citizenship
Article: In our news wrap Friday, the Supreme Court agreed to take up the question of whether President Trump’s order ending birthright citizenship is legal, a federal judge ordered the release of materials from the 2005 and 2007 grand jury investigations into Jeffrey Epstein and a man charged with planting pipe bombs in Washington on the eve of Jan.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/nation/newly-released-911-calls-from-texas-floods-reveal-chaotic-and-desperate-pleas-for-rescues
Article: KERRVILLE, Texas (AP) — In an instant, frantic voices overwhelmed the two county emergency dispatchers on duty in the Texas Hill Country as catastrophic flooding inundated cabins and youth camps along the Guadalupe River. WATCH: Parents mourning daughter lost in Texas floods push state to strengthen camp safety rules Their panic-stricken pleas were among more than 400 calls for help across Kerr County last summer when unimaginable floods hit during the overnight hours on the July Fourth holiday, according to recordings of the calls released Friday. “We can’t get out of our cabin, so how do we get to the boats?” Amazingly, everyone in the cabin and the rest of campers at Camp La Junta were rescued. One woman called for help as the water closed in on her house near Camp Mystic, a century-old summer camp for girls, where 25 campers and two teenage counselors died. Calls came from people on rooftops and in trees Many residents in the hard-hit Texas Hill Country have said they were caught off guard and didn’t receive any warning when the floods overtopped the Guadalupe River. READ MORE: Kerr County’s top leaders were asleep, out of town during initial hours of Texas flood crisis Using recordings of first responder communications, weather service warnings, survivor videos and official testimony, The Associated Press assembled a chronology of the chaotic rescue effort. Moving higher and higher to survive In another heartbreaking call, a woman staying in a community of riverside cabins told a dispatcher the water was inundating their building “We are flooding, and we have people in cabins we can’t get to,” she said. The 911 recordings show that relatives and friends outside of the unfolding disaster and those who had made it to safety had called to get help for loved ones trapped in the flooding. “I don’t know.” Associated Press reporters Claudia Lauer in Philadelphia; Heather Hollingsworth in Mission, Kansas; Ed White in Detroit; Safiyah Riddle in Montgomery, Alabama; John Seewer in Toledo, Ohio; and Mike Catalini in Trenton, New Jersey, contributed.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/show/rfk-appointed-cdc-panel-drops-hepatitis-b-vaccine-at-birth-recommendation
Article: Paul Offit, Children's Hospital of Philadelphia: Well, so in 1991, when the recommendation was to have a birth dose for all babies, babies whose mothers had hepatitis B infection or babies whose mothers didn't have hepatitis B infection, because, at the time, 30,000 children less than 10 years of age had hepatitis B. I mean, if you live in that home or if you share any sort of common things like toothbrushes or washcloths or towels or nail clippers, you can get hepatitis B; 15,000 children got hepatitis B, not from their mothers. William Brangham: I mean, what they're arguing is that the risk to a baby is low and test the mother, and if the mother has hep B, then you should vaccinate, but, if not, maybe you can consider that. So the more reasonable thing to do is to just vaccinate all babies, because we actually had a birth dose recommendation only for babies whose mothers had hepatitis B from 1982 to 1991, and made little impact on this disease in young children. Then, when the fear was that thimerosal, this ethylmercury-containing preservative vaccines, caused autism, he wrote a book, "Thimerosal: Let the Science Speak." And thimerosal, study after study showed that didn't cause autism. There was a lawyer, an anti — notorious anti-vaccine lawyer, Aaron Siri, who made a long presentation arguing today that pharmaceutical companies, because Congress has given them liability protections, don't test the vaccines and that federal regulators are overlooking any evidence of harm.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/administrations-plan-withhold-states-money-manage-snap-food-128084627
Article: President Donald Trump's administration says it will withhold money to help manage SNAP food aid from states that don't give the federal government information on individual recipients What to know about the administration's plan to withhold states' money to manage SNAP food aid U.S. Agriculture Secretary Brooke Rollins said this week that the federal government would start withholding money to help run the SNAP food aid program from states that don't provide data on participants, including their immigration status. When excluding bonus funds for the coronavirus pandemic, Wyoming, for example, got less than $9 million for administering SNAP during the 2023 fiscal year, the most recent time frame for which data is available. The administration began requesting data about SNAP recipients from states soon after President Donald Trump returned to office early in the year, saying it's essential to catch fraud and abuse. “Even if you’re on SNAP and getting nutrition benefits, like 42 million Americans do, does that mean that your privacy should be invaded now or that you should be giving out this information unrelated to this program?” New York Gov. “It is the most effective anti-hunger program that we have and it operates with a great deal of efficiency and transparency.” Under the sweeping tax and policy law Trump signed in July, more recipients will have to work, go to school or volunteer to get benefits for more than three months every three years.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/house-republicans-subpoena-jack-smith-closed-door-interview-128082528
Article: The Republican-led House Judiciary Committee has subpoenaed former Justice Department special counsel Jack Smith for a closed-door interview later this month even though he had earlier volunteered to appear for an open hearing about his prosecutions of... Scott Applewhite, File) WASHINGTON -- The Republican-led House Judiciary Committee has subpoenaed former Justice Department special counsel Jack Smith for a closed-door interview later this month even though he had earlier volunteered to appear for an open hearing about his prosecutions of President Donald Trump. A lawyer for Smith, Peter Koski, said in a statement that Smith had offered nearly six weeks ago to appear before the committee in an open hearing but would nonetheless appear as requested for the deposition. “Jack looks forward to meeting with the committee later this month to discuss his work and clarify the various misconceptions about his investigation.” Smith was appointed in 2022 to oversee the Justice Department investigations into Trump's efforts to overturn his 2020 presidential election loss and his hoarding of classified documents at his Mar-a-Lago estate in Palm Beach, Florida. Republicans who control Congress have sought interviews with members of Smith's team and in recent weeks have seized on revelations that the team, as part of its investigation, had analyzed the phone records of select GOP lawmakers from on and around Jan. Smith’s actions as Special Counsel were consistent with the decisions of a prosecutor who has devoted his career to following the facts and the law, without fear or favor and without regard for the political consequences,” Smith's lawyers wrote to lawmakers in October.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/vocal-jeffrey-epstein-accuser-urging-judges-unseal-court-128090317
Article: One of Jeffrey Epstein and Ghislaine Maxwell’s most vocal accusers is urging judges to grant the Justice Department’s request unseal to records from their federal sex trafficking cases, saying that “only transparency is likely to lead to justice.” NEW YORK -- One of Jeffrey Epstein and Ghislaine Maxwell 's most vocal accusers urged judges on Wednesday to grant the Justice Department's request to unseal records from their federal sex trafficking cases, saying “only transparency is likely to lead to justice.” Annie Farmer weighed in through her lawyer, Sigrid S. Engelmayer to lift secrecy orders on grand jury transcripts and other material from Epstein's 2019 sex trafficking case and a wide range of records from Maxwell’s 2021 case, including search warrants, financial records and notes from interviews with victims. “Nothing in these proceedings should stand in the way of their victory or provide a backdoor avenue to continue to cover up history’s most notorious sex-trafficking operation,” McCawley wrote in a letter to the judges. She asked the judges to ensure that the orders they issue do not preclude the Justice Department from releasing other Epstein-related materials, adding that Farmer “is wary” that any denial could be used “as a pretext or excuse” to withhold information. Markus said in Wednesday's filing that while Maxwell now “does not take a position” in the wake of the transparency act's passage, doing so “would create undue prejudice so severe that it would foreclose the possibility of a fair retrial” if her habeas petition succeeds. The records, Markus said, “contain untested and unproven allegations.” Engelmayer, who's weighing whether to release records from Maxwell's case, gave her and victims until Wednesday to respond to the Justice Department's unsealing request. The judge said he will rule “promptly thereafter.” Berman, who presided over the Epstein case, ordered victims and Epstein’s estate to respond by Wednesday and gave the government until Dec. Berman said he would make his “best efforts to resolve this motion promptly.” Lawyers for Epstein's estate said in a letter to Berman on Wednesday that the estate takes no position on the Justice Department's unsealing request. Last week, a lawyer for some victims complained that the House Oversight Committee had failed to redact, or black out, some of their names from tens of thousands pages of Epstein-related documents it has released in recent months. Transparency “CANNOT come at the expense of the privacy, safety, and protection of sexual abuse and sex trafficking victims, especially these survivors who have already suffered repeatedly,” lawyer Brad Edwards wrote.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/winning-numbers-drawn-tuesdays-mega-millions-128063313
Article: The winning numbers in Tuesday evening’s drawing of the "Mega Millions" game were: 17-25-26-53-60, Mega Ball: 16, Megaplier: The Associated Press By The Associated Press The winning numbers in Tuesday evening’s drawing of the "Mega Millions" game were: 17-25-26-53-60, Mega Ball: 16 (seventeen, twenty-five, twenty-six, fifty-three, sixty, Mega Ball: sixteen Estimated jackpot: $90 million For more lottery results, go to Jackpot.com | Order Lottery Tickets

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/burkina-faso-plans-restore-death-penalty-treason-terrorism-128136624
Article: Burkina Faso's Council of Ministers has adopted a bill to restore the death penalty for treason, terrorism, and espionage DAKAR, Senegal -- Burkina Faso’s Council of Ministers has adopted a bill to restore the death penalty, targeting offenses such as treason, terrorism, and espionage, authorities said. Since taking power in a 2022 coup, the West African country’s military leaders have launched sweeping reforms, including postponing elections that were expected to restore civilian rule and dissolving the country’s independent electoral commission. It suspended the BBC and Voice of America radio stations for their coverage of a mass killing of civilians carried out by the country’s armed forces as well as arresting three prominent journalists earlier this year. The country is one of several West African nations where the military has taken over in recent years, capitalizing on widespread discontent with previous democratically elected governments over security issues.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/ethnic-serb-mayors-office-tense-northern-kosovo-128139630
Article: Ethnic Serb mayors have taken office in majority-Serb municipalities in northern Kosovo MITROVICA, Kosovo -- Ethnic Serb mayors took office Friday in majority-Serb municipalities in northern Kosovo, more than two years after a governing crisis there led to clashes with NATO-led peacekeepers. Serb officials in northern Kosovo in 2023 staged a walkout and boycotted an election over a dispute with the central government in Pristina, which is dominated by Kosovo's majority ethnic Albanians. Serbia and ethnic Serbs in Kosovo are angry that the Kosovo government has not established an association of Serb municipalities envisaged years ago in a dialogue brokered by the European Union. A brutal Serbian crackdown on separatist Kosovo rebels triggered NATO bombing in 1999 that forced Belgrade to withdraw from the territory and ended the war with the Alliance's troops deploying as peacekeepers.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/russian-drone-strike-kills-12-year-boy-ukraine-128134824
Article: Russian drone strike kills 12-year-old boy in Ukraine as peace talks kept under wraps KYIV, Ukraine -- Russian drones struck a house in central Ukraine, killing a 12-year-old boy, officials said, while long-range Ukrainian strikes reportedly targeted a Russian port and an oil refinery as U.S. President Donald Trump’s special envoy, Steve Witkoff, and Trump's son-in-law, Jared Kushner, were set to meet Thursday in Miami with a Ukrainian delegation but there was no official confirmation whether the meeting took place. Zelenskyy said in a video address late Thursday that officials wanted to know “what other pretexts Putin has come up with to drag out the war and to pressure Ukraine.” Meanwhile, Kremlin foreign affairs adviser Yuri Ushakov, who accompanied Putin on a visit to India on Friday, repeated the Russian leaders’ recent criticism of Europe's stance on the peace talks. “Putting it mildly, the Europeans don’t help Washington and Moscow reach a settlement on the Ukrainian issues.” In Ukraine’s central Dnipropetrovsk region, a Russian drone attack Thursday night destroyed a house where the boy was killed and two women were injured, according to the head of the regional military administration, Vladyslav Haivanenko.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/report-iran-launches-massive-missiles-naval-drill-strait-128134734
Article: Iran has launched massive missiles in the Sea of Oman and near the Strait of Hormuz during a naval drill, according to state TV TEHRAN, Iran -- Iran launched massive missiles in the Sea of Oman and near the strategic Strait of Hormuz during the second day of a naval drill, state TV reported Friday. The report said the paramilitary Revolutionary Guard launched the missiles from the depth of Iran’s mainland, hitting targets in the Oman Sea and neighboring area near Strait of Hormuz in a drill that began on Thursday. It identified the missiles as cruise Qadr-110, Qadr-380 and Ghadir that have a range of up to 2,000 kilometers (1,250 miles.) It said the Guard also launch a ballistic missile identified as 303, without elaborating.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/resistance-forces-myanmar-detain-candidate-months-election-state-128069399
Article: A resistance group in Myanmar has reportedly detained a candidate for the election scheduled for later this month FILE - Members of the military-backed Union Solidarity and Development Party (USDP) gather for opening ceremony of the party's slogan poster during the first day of election campaign for upcoming general election at their Yangon region party's headquarters Tuesday, Oct. (AP Photo/Thein Zaw, File) FILE - Members of the military-backed Union Solidarity and Development Party (USDP) gather for opening ceremony of the party's slogan poster during the first day of election campaign for upcoming general election at their Yangon region party's headquarters Tuesday, Oct. (AP Photo/Thein Zaw, File) BANGKOK -- An election candidate in the strife-torn nation of Myanmar has been detained by a resistance group opposed to army rule, state media reported Wednesday, the first known such action before the polls scheduled for later this month. The detention of Wai Lin Htet, 37, a candidate of the Shan and Nationalities Democratic Party, highlights ongoing tensions in Myanmar, where local resistance groups clash with the military government as it tries to hold the Dec. After peaceful demonstrations were put down with lethal force, many opponents of military rule took up arms, forming the People’s Defense Force, which is now engaged in combat in many areas of the country. Jeremy Laurence, a spokesperson for the U.N.’s human rights office, warned last Friday that the ballot would be conducted in an environment “rife with threats and violence” and actively suppressed political participation. on Saturday by three members of a local resistance group who arrived on two motorbikes, while he was at home with his family in Pakokku Township, in central Myanmar’s Magway Region. According to reports from local media, including the online news site Myanmar Now, nearly 100 people, including film directors, have been arrested under the election law since it was enacted in July, and some of them have received sentences of up to 49 years in prison. Sai Ai Pao, chairman of the Shan and Nationalities Democratic Party — also known as the White Tiger Party, and one of six parties contesting the polls nationwide — refused to comment to The Associated Pres about the incident because of concerns about the candidate’s safety. The Shan and Nationalities Democratic Party, once a small ethnic party based in Shan and Kachin states in previous elections, is now competing nationwide with more than 580 candidates, making it the fifth-largest of the six parties competing nationwide.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/family-colombian-man-killed-us-strike-caribbean-files-128087328
Article: The Trump administration has not provided any details of the people killed in the strikes, but it has insisted that its intelligence confirmed that members of foreign terrorist organizations were operating the targeted vessels. The attacks have increasingly come under scrutiny after the Washington Post reported that Hegseth issued a verbal order to “kill everybody” on the first boat targeted by the military and an admiral approved a follow-on strike said to have killed two survivors of the initial hit.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/algerian-court-upholds-7-year-sentence-french-journalist-128083230
Article: An Algerian appeals court has upheld a seven-year prison sentence for French sports writer Christophe Gleizes, convicted of “glorifying terrorism.” TIZI OUZOU, Algeria -- An Algerian appeals court upheld Wednesday a seven-year prison sentence for a French sports writer convicted of “glorifying terrorism,” quashing hopes for an early release. In Tizi Ouzou's Court of Appeals, Gleizes pleaded guilty, acknowledged “many journalistic mistakes,” and asked the prosecutor for forgiveness and clemency so he could return to his family in France, his Algerian lawyer, Amirouche Bakouri, told reporters. Authorities say he entered the country on a tourist visa while reporting on JS Kabylie, Algeria’s most historically dominant soccer team, whose successes are deeply enmeshed in the movement to win cultural recognition for the Amazigh minority in the Kabylia region. The charges against Gleizes stemmed from contact he had with the head of a soccer club who was also a member of a political movement that Algeria designated as a terrorist group four years ago, Reporters Without Borders said at the time. Bouakba, 79, is accused of “defamation and insulting the symbols of the revolution” after he accused, in a podcast, one of Algeria’s first presidents of misusing funds collected for Algeria's revolution.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/eu-updates-asylum-guidance-syrians-year-after-assads-128067722
Article: The European Union's asylum agency says it is updating its guidance for applications by Syrian nationals one year after the fall of Bashar Assad FILE - Refugees from Syria arrive at the train station in Dortmund, Germany, Sept. (AP Photo/Martin Meissner, File) BARCELONA, Spain -- The European Union on Wednesday issued updated guidance for asylum applications by Syrian nationals that reflects new conditions in Syria a year after the fall of the Bashar Assad. The European Union Agency for Asylum said opponents of Assad and military service evaders “are no longer at risk of persecution." But the agency said other groups may be considered at risk in the post-Assad Syria, including people affiliated with the former government and members of the Alawites, Christians, and Druze ethnic-religious groups. The asylum agency said the situation in Syria is “considered improved but volatile" since Assad's fall in December 2024, and that “indiscriminate violence continues to take place" in certain parts of Syria. However, sectarian killings against members of Assad’s Alawite minority sect in Syria’s coastal region and against the Druze minority in the southern province of Sweida earlier this year has claimed hundreds of lives. The agency also cited two other groups living in Syria who should remain eligible for refugee status: LGBTQ+ people and Palestinians in Syria who no longer receive United Nations assistance or protection. Since the fall of Assad in December, more than one million people have returned to Syria and nearly 2 million internally people have returned to their regions, according to the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/german-presidents-uk-state-visit-celebrate-strategic-ties-128063291
Article: on Wednesday for a state visit that will celebrate the close ties between the countries while also remembering the scars of the past Germany's President Frank-Walter Steinmeier and his wife Elke Büdenbender, centre, are welcomed by Britain's Catherine, Princess of Wales, and Britain's Prince William, right, at Heathrow Airport in London, Wednesday, Dec. 3, 2025 (Jeff Spicer/Pool Photo via AP) Germany's President Frank-Walter Steinmeier and his wife Elke Büdenbender, centre, are welcomed by Britain's Catherine, Princess of Wales, and Britain's Prince William, right, at Heathrow Airport in London, Wednesday, Dec. On Friday, the couple will visit Coventry Cathedral to commemorate the Nazi bombing of the city, which killed at least 568 people and destroyed or damaged more than half of its homes on the night of Nov. “Earlier this year we’ve marked the 80th anniversary of the end of the Second World War in Europe and then in Japan,” said Joe Little, the managing editor of Majesty Magazine. “It’s a particularly poignant time in British and German history, so the fact that this is being factored into the state visit clearly is important to both sides.” While state visits are hosted by the king, they are scheduled at the request of the elected government to reward friends — and sometimes nudge reluctant partners — with a red carpet treatment only Britain’s royal family can provide. The trip will build on the success of Charles’ state visit to Germany, his first such visit since ascending the throne, Charles stressed the long-standing ties between the two countries and the importance of future cooperation. Before arriving in the U.K., Steinmeier emphasized that Germany and the United Kingdom are on the path to rapprochement after the difficult Brexit years and that it was necessary to move closer together. “It will produce wonderful pictures and these will be seen as symbols for the British public and the German public,’’ said Gerhard Dannemann, former head of the Centre for British Studies at Humboldt Universität in Berlin.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/libyan-man-accused-murder-rape-torture-appears-icc-128071720
Article: A Libyan man accused of crimes against humanity and war crimes at a Tripoli prison has appeared before judges at the International Criminal Court FILE - A general view of the exterior of the International Criminal Court is seen in The Hague, Netherlands, March 12, 2025. (AP Photo/Omar Havana, File) THE HAGUE, Netherlands -- A Libyan man accused of crimes against humanity and war crimes at a Tripoli prison appeared before judges at the International Criminal Court on Wednesday, sitting impassively as a court official read out charges including murder, rape and torture. His case is set to be the first of a Libyan suspect to go to trial at the international court, whose prosecutors were tasked by the United Nations Security Council in 2011 with launching an investigation in the north African nation as it descended into lawlessness following an uprising that toppled longtime dictator Moammar Gadhafi.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/wireStory/despite-win-cardinals-buccaneers-play-playoff-team-128016115
Article: Despite win over Cardinals, Buccaneers have to play better to be a playoff team Tampa Bay Buccaneers offensive tackle Tristan Wirfs (78) celebrates his touchdown catch against the Arizona Cardinals with Buccaneers center Graham Barton (62) and Buccaneers guard Ben Bredeson (68) during the first half of an NFL football game Sunday, Nov. (AP Photo/Chris O'Meara) Tampa Bay Buccaneers offensive tackle Tristan Wirfs (78) celebrates his touchdown catch against the Arizona Cardinals with Buccaneers center Graham Barton (62) and Buccaneers guard Ben Bredeson (68) during the first half of an NFL football game Sunday, Nov. Just have to get healthy and continue to prepare like we did and go from there.” The Buccaneers got key players back against Arizona and more help could be on the way. Hopefully we get more guys back as the season goes on and see where it goes.” The Buccaneers have impressive wins on the road against Houston and Seattle and beat San Francisco at home. 38% — The Bucs held the Cardinals to 3 of 8 on third downs, the eighth time this season they held an opponent to a success rate of 40% or less.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/wireStory/jaguars-playing-meaningful-games-december-beginning-means-128008487
Article: Jaguars are playing meaningful games in December, beginning with one that 'means everything' Jacksonville Jaguars quarterback Trevor Lawrence (16) throws a pass against the Tennessee Titans during the second half of an NFL football game Sunday, Nov. That’s the position we want to be in, and it feels good.” The Jaguars secured their third consecutive victory, a 25-3 drubbing at Tennessee on Sunday, and finished 4-1 in a November to remember. It’s the first time in 20 years they won four games in the month of Thanksgiving and have themselves in position to make the postseason for just the fifth time this century. But the schedule toughens in December, with two games against the Colts and a road trip to AFC West-leading Denver (10-2) upcoming as well as a visit from the New York Jets (3-9). As players, we love that.” Jacksonville has won 10 in a row against Indianapolis at home, a streak that started while Lawrence was a sophomore at Cartersville High School in Georgia.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/wireStory/commanders-jayden-daniels-now-losing-overtime-blowouts-128009198
Article: So instead of losing over and over by 20-plus points, now the Washington Commanders are losing repeatedly in overtime The Commanders are still without Jayden Daniels but now are losing in overtime instead of blowouts Washington Commanders quarterback Jayden Daniels is seen on the sidelines before an NFL football game against the Denver Broncos Sunday, Nov. One bit of good news is that Terry McLaurin finally returned to the lineup — and the Commanders could be about to get Jayden Daniels back from injury, too, for next Sunday's game at the Minnesota Vikings. And at least coach Dan Quinn's club suddenly is showing that it can be competitive, which hasn't always been the case and does matter for the future, even if this season is, essentially, over. “I hate the outcome, but I loved the fight,” Quinn said Sunday night after Washington's 27-26 loss to the Denver Broncos, which ended when backup quarterback Marcus Mariota's pass attempt on a 2-point conversion try was swatted away by Nik Bonitto. It’s not exactly where we want to be, but I think putting together a great week of practice, I think we just continue to stack these," said Mariota, who is 1-5 as a starter in place of Daniels, currently out with a dislocated left elbow. After sitting out seven of the previous eight games with a quad injury, the star wideout reminded everyone just how valuable he is when he's on the field, grabbing seven passes for 96 yards, including Washington's TD in OT. “I have confidence, no matter how much time I may miss, that I’ll come out and try to give us a chance to win the game,” said McLaurin, who missed training camp while negotiating a new deal and eventually signed a three-year extension worth up to $96 million. And with Denver's defense focusing a lot on McLaurin — particularly star CB Pat Surtain II — TE Zach Ertz was able to get open quite a lot, to the tune of 10 catches for 106 yards. The Broncos went 5 for 5 in the red zone, scoring points every time they drove inside the Washington 20-yard line — a trio of touchdowns and a pair of field goals. In a highlight that might be played for years to come, Burks made a leaping one-handed catch in the end zone in the third quarter that put Washington up 14-13. The oft-injured Burks was waived by the Tennessee Titans in July, two days after the 2022 first-round draft pick hurt his right shoulder while making a diving catch in practice. This has been a recurring theme this season, and Denver's Evan Engram was the latest to expose Washington's problems in that area, compiling team highs of six catches and 79 yards receiving Sunday night.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/wireStory/texans-defense-shines-20-16-win-colts-stroud-128014569
Article: (AP Photo/Michael Conroy) Houston Texans head coach DeMeco Ryans reacts after the Texans stopped the Indianapolis Colts on fourth down during the first half of an NFL football game Sunday, Nov. The Colts cut the deficit to four points on a field goal with about nine minutes left and the Texans had a second-and-1 from the Indianapolis 17 on their next possession. “When it came down to it, in the crunch time, third down, fourth down, that’s where we were our best and that’s when we needed it, and that’s what allowed us to be in the position we were in, winning the game.” The Texans limited the Colts to just 3 of 10 on third downs and kept them from completing both of their fourth down tries. He threw an interception in the first half but was solid otherwise in helping the Texans (7-5) to their fourth straight win, which is their longest winning streak since winning nine in a row in 2018. We’ve got to finish the season the way we want to and go into every game with a mission to win.” The Texans had nine penalties for 85 yards on Sunday. Four of them came on offense in the first quarter when they had two illegal formation penalties before a holding penalty by rookie tackle Aireontae Ersery and an illegal forward pass by Stroud.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/wireStory/falcons-waste-big-game-robinson-special-teams-breakdowns-128011127
Article: Losses in six of their past seven games have left the Atlanta Falcons needing a huge rally to avoid their eighth consecutive losing season Atlanta Falcons head coach Raheem Morris speaks during a news conference after an NFL football game against the New York Jets, Sunday, Nov. The Falcons wasted another strong performance by running back Bijan Robinson, another solid if unspectacular start by Cousins and one of tight end Kyle Pitts' most productive games of the season. A fumbled punt by Jamal Agnew and poor coverage on an 83-yard kickoff return by New York's Isaiah Williams led to 10 points for the Jets that decided the game. Morris confirmed Agnew should not have attempted to field a punt inside the 5 that he fumbled and the Jets recovered at the 2 to set up an easy touchdown. When the Falcons had a final possession to possibly move into position for a go-ahead field goal, Pitts, David Sills V and Darnell Mooney had drops on three consecutive plays.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/wireStory/nailbiters-become-norm-broncos-stretch-winning-streak-9-128018934
Article: The Denver Broncos have trailed at some point in every game during their nine-game winning streak Nailbiters become the norm as Broncos stretch their winning streak to 9 with another thriller Denver Broncos outside linebacker Nik Bonitto (15) blocks a pass attempt by Washington Commanders quarterback Marcus Mariota (8) on a failed two-point conversion attempt in overtime of an NFL football game Monday, Dec. (AP Photo/Nick Wass) Denver Broncos outside linebacker Nik Bonitto (15) blocks a pass attempt by Washington Commanders quarterback Marcus Mariota (8) on a failed two-point conversion attempt in overtime of an NFL football game Monday, Dec. They're 10-2 after dodging the Washington Commanders 27-26 in overtime Sunday night for their ninth consecutive victory, a thriller capped by Nik Bonitto knocking down Marcus Mariota's 2-point pass to his wide-open running back Jeremy McNichols. We won," said coach Sean Payton after the Broncos' fourth straight victory by a field goal or less, which tied an NFL record set by the New York Giants in 1986. Despite finishing the fourth quarter with three punts, they produced a touchdown on the opening drive of overtime, fueled by tight end Evan Engram's 41-yard gain on a pass over the middle from Bo Nix, who has engineered a half dozen game-winning drives in the fourth quarter or overtime this season. “Yeah, and that obviously stems from Bo because he is so calm,” Trautman said, ”like maybe make a little joke or smile in the huddle and everyone feels relaxed and I think we all just trust each other at a very high level. ILB Alex Singleton played all but one snap in his return from testicular cancer surgery and he made a great play to break up a deep pass late in the fourth quarter. S Talanoa Hufanga was a late add to the injury report Sunday because of an illness, but he played all 90 defensive snaps and led the team with 13 tackles, including two for a loss, and he batted down a pass. For the second straight week the Broncos will face a team on a six-game skid when they travel to Las Vegas to play the Raiders, a team they beat 10-7 in Week 10.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/wireStory/lions-lucky-500-after-disappointing-5-game-stretch-127955397
Article: Last year, the Detroit Lions went 15-2 and locked up the top seed in the NFC Lions are lucky to be above .500 after a disappointing 5-game stretch Green Bay Packers defensive lineman Micah Parsons (1) sacks Detroit Lions quarterback Jared Goff (16) during the second half an NFL football game in Detroit, Thursday, Nov. (AP Photo/Paul Sancya) Green Bay Packers defensive lineman Micah Parsons (1) sacks Detroit Lions quarterback Jared Goff (16) during the second half an NFL football game in Detroit, Thursday, Nov. After a 5-2 start, coach Dan Campbell's Lions have lost three of five and needed a 59-yard field goal from Jake Bates to avoid a home loss to the New York Giants. “He's got that itch again, and we're excited.” Jameson Williams has made a mark as one of the top deep threats in the league, but he's never been the type of receiver to catch passes in bulk. Safety Brian Branch appeared to give up on a play that ended with a touchdown pass by Jordan Love, and he got beat on the fourth-down completion that secured the win for Green Bay.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/wireStory/northwestern-pay-75-million-deal-trump-administration-restore-127960995
Article: Among other commitments it also requires the university to revoke the so-called Deering Meadow agreement, which it signed in April 2024 in exchange for pro-Palestinian protesters ending their tent encampment on campus. The agreement also calls for Northwestern to continue compliance with federal anti-discrimination laws, develop training materials to “socialize international students” with the norms of a campus dedicated to open debate, and uphold a commitment to Title IX by “providing safe and fair opportunities for women, including single-sex housing for any woman, defined on the basis of sex, who requests such accommodations and all-female sports, locker rooms, and showering facilities.” Education Secretary Linda McMahon said the deal cements policy changes that will protect people on campus from harassment and discrimination. “The reforms reflect bold leadership at Northwestern and they are a roadmap for institutional leaders around the country that will help rebuild public trust in our colleges and universities,” McMahon said. The fine agreed to by Northwestern is the second-largest behind Columbia, which agreed in July to pay the government $200 million to resolve a series of investigations and restore its funding. The Ivy League school sued over the administration's cuts to its grant money and won a court victory in September when a federal judge ordered the government to restore federal funding, saying the Trump administration “used antisemitism as a smokescreen.” This fall, the White House tried a different approach on higher education, offering preferential treatment for federal funds to several institutions in exchange for adopting policies in line with Trump’s agenda.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Business/wireStory/macys-posts-surprise-profit-overhaul-new-ceo-resonating-128068033
Article: Macy’s posted a surprise third-quarter profit and its strongest comparable sales in more than three years as an extensive overhaul of the 167-year-old New York department store begins to resonate with shoppers NEW YORK -- Macy’s posted a surprise third-quarter profit and its strongest comparable sales in more than three years as an extensive overhaul of the 167-year-old New York department store begins to resonate with shoppers. “As we enter the holiday season, we are well-positioned with compelling new merchandise and an omni-channel customer experience that delivers both inspiration and value,” Chairman and CEO Tony Spring said in a statement. “While it would be an exaggeration to say that Macy’s is a retailer at the very top of its game, there is no doubt that it is now becoming a more proficient player on the retail field,” said Neil Saunders, managing director of GlobalData. “The sloppy and slapdash execution that once plagued the chain has largely disappeared – at least in stores the company will retain – and has been replaced by a more disciplined adherence to good standards.” Macy’s now expects annual earnings per share of between $2 and $2.20, well above its previous guidance of $1.70 to $2.05 per share.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Technology/wireStory/takeoff-chinas-flying-taxis-hits-turbulence-127811400
Article: Chinese companies are rushing to deploy low-flying vehicles and drones for various uses as the country finds innovative ways to drive its economy The EHang eVTOL EH126-S takes to the sky over a port in Guangzhou in southern China's Guangdong province on Monday, Nov. (AP Photo/Ng Han Guan) HONG KONG -- An unmanned, oval-shaped craft from flying taxi maker EHang hovers, whirring noisily like a mini-helicopter over a riverside innovation zone on the outskirts of the southern Chinese business hub of Guangzhou, part of a trial of a mini-flying taxi that once might have been found only in sci-fi films. By 2035, it's expected to hit 3.5 trillion yuan (about $490 billion), said Zhang Xiaolan, a researcher at the State Information Center, a think tank affiliated with China's main planning agency. Guangdong province, home to drone giant DJI with an estimated 70% of the global commercial drone market, leads in development of the low-altitude economy, followed by wealthy eastern coastal provinces Jiangsu and Zhejiang, near Shanghai, according to a report by a research unit of the Chinese Academy of Sciences, Peking University, and other institutions. In October, Guangdong announced it plans to speed up construction of flight service stations and platforms to facilitate airspace operations and will support locally issued discount vouchers for low-altitude tourism. Its technology and financial hub Shenzhen has launched a 15-million-yuan ($2.1 million) award for companies that earn certifications required for passenger eVTOLs, short for “electric vertical take-off and landing" vehicles that lift off the ground like helicopters, among other incentives. China’s Civil Aviation Administration has granted certificates allowing EHang to offer commercial passenger services with its pilotless eVTOL, a low-altitude aircraft that can reach speeds of 130 kph (81 mph) with a maximum range of 30 kilometers (19 miles). The biggest challenge for developing eVTOL aircraft is maintaining longer flights and overcoming battery capacity limitations, said Guo Liming, co-founder of Shenzhen-based Skyevtol, whose single-seat manned eVTOL aircraft, priced at around $100,000, can only fly 20 to 30 minutes before it must be charged. Even though the country leads in drone technology and manufacturing, policy constraints including limited airspace access, may mean overseas markets are more promising, said Frank Zhou, managing director at GBA Low Altitude Technology Co., which provides technological software to clients. Less than one-third of China's low-altitude airspace was accessible for general aviation use in 2023 and there were problems with uneven distribution and a lack of internet connectivity, Zhang, the State Information Center researcher, said in a report. China is a latecomer to the industry but now leads in developing small drones and low-altitude airspace investments, said Chen Wen-hua, director at the Hong Kong Polytechnic University’s Research Centre for Low Altitude Economy. The future for the low altitude economy is bright, Chen said, “however, the road leading to that bright future might be treacherous.” ____ Associated Press video producer Olivia Zhang and researcher Yu Bing in Beijing contributed to this report.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Technology/wireStory/malaysia-ban-social-media-children-16-year-127816741
Article: FILE - Two Malay girls check a mobile phone at a fabric installation decoration at Kwai Chai Hong, the Chinatown area in downtown Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, Tuesday, March 30, 2021. (AP Photo/Vincent Thian, File) FILE - Two Malay girls check a mobile phone at a fabric installation decoration at Kwai Chai Hong, the Chinatown area in downtown Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, Tuesday, March 30, 2021. (AP Photo/Vincent Thian, File) KUALA LUMPUR, Malaysia -- Malaysia plans to ban social media accounts for people under 16 starting in 2026, joining Australia and a growing number of countries pushing tighter digital age limits for children. Communications Minister Fahmi Fadzil said Sunday the Cabinet approved the move as part of a broader effort to shield young people from online harm like cyberbullying, scams and sexual exploitation. “I believe that if the government, regulatory bodies, and parents all play their roles, we can ensure that the Internet in Malaysia is not only fast, widespread and affordable but most importantly, safe, especially for children and families,” he said. Since January, major social media and messaging platforms with at least 8 million users in Malaysia are required to obtain a licence as part of a broader tightening of state oversight over digital platforms. Facebook, Instagram, Snapchat, Threads, TikTok, X and YouTube as well as message board Reddit and livestreaming service Kick face fines of up to 50 million Australian dollars ($33 million) for systemic failures to prevent children younger than 16 from holding accounts.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/crime/celina-isd-lawsuit-caleb-elliott-coach/287-da99587a-a29a-4d79-aeda-de60e37b9993
Article: The lawyers representing the families of alleged victims of Elliott in a press conference on Wednesday said that they have discovered additional evidence that Elliott allegedly shared photos of underage victims. The lawyers also alleged that other Celina ISD employees were aware of Elliott's attempts to take photos of children in the locker room prior to the incident that led to his arrest. “For families who are trying to seek justice, it is going to be difficult for us to know fully who has their hands on the photos and videos taken of these children," Little said. "It’s obviously very distressing to our clients.” Little also said there is "good evidence" of a confrontation between Elliott and another Moore Middle School coach related to past attempts by Elliott to record and photograph children in the locker room. "There are multiple witnesses to this incident, and it is now apparent to me at least that the Celina Police Department has stopped their investigation where they wanted to and not necessarily where the evidence would lead them,” Little said. The attorneys questioned the thoroughness of the investigation conducted by the Celina Police Department, stating that the department could not have received all the responses to the unfulfilled subpoenas and had not uncovered all the information relevant to a criminal trial. "We've not fully fleshed out the question of who was aware of this person's conduct and how he was confronted and when, this is work for the police department, I believe still," Little said. The families' lawyers also called on Celina ISD to release the results of their third-party investigation when it is complete and alleged that the Celina athletic department was not accountable to the school administration. Celina Police Chief John Cullison issued a statement on the Department's Facebook page on Friday, saying in part that anyone alleging they have evidence and witnesses related to the case have a duty to present it to law enforcement, and that the department will review evidence and file changes on behalf of victims when new information emerges. This is Cullison's full statement: "On November 18, 2025, I addressed the public at a media conference at our police department headquarters regarding the case against former Celina ISD teacher/coach William Caleb Elliott. I assured our community that this case was ongoing and would not rest, and I promised that any and every new piece of evidence that emerges during the legal process would be investigated and handled in accordance with the law. On Wednesday, at a media event near the Collin County Courthouse, State Representative Mitch Little, an attorney with Scheef & Stone, LLP, stated he had information of an alleged “confrontation” between school district representatives and the former coach. Little asserted that there were “witnesses that are known who were there when it happened.” In a media release issued on November 21, 2025, the Herz Law Firm stated that Celina ISD was “aware of a prior teacher-student relationship when Elliott worked at the high school, as well a previous recording incident in the middle school locker room...”. Once again, should any victims or their family members wish to visit with Celina police investigators with information related to this case, they may contact the Celina Police Department at 972-382-2121.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/nation-world/lord-of-the-rings-extended-editions-theatrical-return/507-0bde1bf6-1c4d-4a04-83cf-8ec5db4f32b5
Article: The extended cuts of the trilogy will return to movie theaters in January 2026 to celebrate the 25th anniversary of "The Fellowship of the Ring." Middle Earth is calling "Lord of the Rings" fans back to theaters. Pictures announced Friday that the extended editions of Peter Jackson's "Lord of the Rings" trilogy will return to movie theaters in January 2026 to celebrate the 25th anniversary of "The Fellowship of the Ring." The three films will screen across two weekends. AMC Theaters will sell collectible map tins featuring Middle Earth alongside quest magnet sets, while Regal and select independent theaters will offer popcorn buckets designed to resemble the One Ring. The final installment, "The Return of the King," took home 11 Oscars in 2004, including Best Picture, tying with "Ben-Hur" and "Titanic" for the most Academy Awards won by a single film.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cx2pvxdn9v4o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: 'Life being stressful is not an illness' - GPs on mental health over-diagnosis 1 hour ago Share Save Catherine Burns , Health correspondent , Vicki Loader , Health producer and Harriet Agerholm Share Save Getty Images Hundreds of GPs across England have told the BBC they think mental health problems are being over-diagnosed. Earlier this week, the Health Secretary ordered an independent review into the reasons for a rising demand for mental health, ADHD and autism services in England, and where the gaps in support are. One of the most common themes to emerge can be summed up in this remark from a GP: "Life being stressful is not an illness." Another commented: "As a society we seem to have forgotten that life can be tough - a broken heart or grief is painful and normal, and we have to learn to cope." Yet another argued that giving people labels such as anxiety or depression "over-medicalises life and emotional difficulties", and that this was taking resources away from people with severe needs. One described them as "dishonest, narcissistic… gaming a system free at point of use." Overall, one in five adults in England report having a common mental health condition, like anxiety or depression, according to a survey published by NHS England. The three main reasons they gave for this were: having to support patients who can't get good quality mental health help elsewhere practical issues like housing, employment or finances impacting patients' mental health patients thinking they have a mental health issue, when they're dealing with normal challenges in life Earlier this year, the health secretary Wes Streeting told the BBC's Laura Kuenssberg that mental health conditions were being over-diagnosed and too many people were being "written off". A clear majority of GPs who took part in our research, 508 of 752, said there was rarely or never enough good quality mental health help available for adults in their area. Another said: "A child literally needs to be holding a knife to be taken seriously and the second that knife is put down, services disengage." We also asked GPs if they ever prescribe medication because they worry patients will not get other help, such as talking therapies, quickly enough. Professor Victoria Tzortziou Brown, chair of the Royal College of GPs, said there's a "difficult balance" for family doctors to strike when patients expect a diagnosis for mental health problems, but don't meet the criteria. "We must be careful, as a society, not to medicalise the full range of normal feelings and behaviours and ensure GPs are not pressured into making diagnoses that conflict with their clinical judgement," she said. "But equally we must avoid dismissing genuine mental health concerns as 'over-diagnosis' which risks discouraging people from seeking help." The independent review into demand for mental health services has promised to listen to all the evidence and come up with "genuinely useful" recommendations.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cd0k2r2jpg4o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Single women risk rape and exploitation in search for better life in Europe 1 hour ago Share Save Sofia Bettiza Global Health Reporter in Trieste, Italy Share Save BBC Esther fled Lagos in 2016 Esther was sleeping on the streets of Lagos when a woman approached her with the promise of a route out of Nigeria to a job and a home in Europe. But when she left Lagos in 2016, crossing the desert to Libya, she had little idea of her traumatic journey ahead, forced into sex work and years of asylum claims in country after country. The majority of irregular migrants and asylum seekers are men - 70% according to the European Agency for Asylum - but the number of women like Esther, who have come to Europe to seek asylum is on the rise. But for women, there is the added threat of sexual violence and exploitation, which happened to Esther after she was betrayed by the woman who had promised her a better life. "That's what they do…travel to different villages in Nigeria to pick young girls, and bring them to Libya to become sex slaves." "Their experiences are different and often riskier," Ugochi Daniels of the IOM told the BBC. "Even women travelling in groups often lack consistent protection, exposing them to abuse by smugglers, traffickers, or other migrants." Many women are aware of the risks but go anyway, packing condoms, or even getting contraceptive devices fitted in case they are raped on the way. "But women are often expected to offer sex as part of the payment." Ms Gbedo supports women migrants in Trieste, a port city in north-east Italy which has long been a crossroads of cultures and serves as a major entry point to the European Union for those crossing from the Balkans. Barbara Zanon/Getty Image Most migrants who arrive in Trieste via the Balkan route are male After four months of being exploited in Libya, Esther escaped and crossed the Mediterranean in a rubber dinghy from which she was rescued by the Italian coast guard and taken to the island of Lampedusa. At the time Italy viewed Nigeria as unsafe, but two years ago it changed that assessment as governments across Europe began tightening their rules in response to the big migrant influx into Europe of 2015-16. "We can guarantee a safe life to those women who are really in danger, but not to all of them." "We have to be hard-headed," warns Rakib Ehsan, a Senior Fellow at the conservative think tank Policy Exchange,. "We need to prioritise women and girls who are at immediate risk within conflict-affected territories, where rape is being used as a weapon of war." Currently this is not happening consistently, he argues, and while he sympathises with the plight of women facing hazardous routes into Europe "the key is controlled compassion". A 2019 report by Europe's OSCE security organisation suggested that 54% of women in Kosovo had experienced psychological, physical or sexual violence from an intimate partner since the age of 15. Women who face persecution on the grounds of gender-based violence are entitled to asylum under the Council of Europe's Istanbul Convention, and that was backed up by a landmark ruling by the EU's top court last year. "A lot of asylum officials in the field are men who are insufficiently trained to deal with such a delicate issue [as female genital mutilation] - both medically and psychologically," says Marianne Nguena Kana, Director of End FGM European Network. "We've had judges saying: 'You've already been mutilated, so it's not dangerous for you to go back to your country, because it's not like they can do it to you again," Nguena Kana says.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c5y937w7xl7o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Then, order by order, her story fell apart 6 hours ago Share Save Alys Davies Share Save Nerida Hansen At 6ft tall and plus-size, shop-bought clothes had never fitted Maree O'Connor well. Chris Hopkins/BBC Maree O'Connor wondered if other buyers had also been waiting for their purchases It was October 2024, and tired of waiting, the legal studies teacher from Melbourne, Australia, decided to set up a Facebook group to try to find out if anyone else was in the same boat. "I was impressed by her, she was formidable." The orders that never arrived Meagan Shuptar Bergen Anderson had also placed orders that never arrived That's exactly what excited Bergen Anderson, who ordered more than $3,300 (£2,500; A$5,000) of Ms Hansen's fabrics in 2024. Meanwhile, Ms Hansen had become aware of the Facebook group and contacted Ms O'Connor asking for it to be taken down, claiming that content posted in the group was defamatory - a claim Ms O'Connor rejected. "She was just going to continue to do what she was doing, and take money from people because people were siloed right, they didn't know what was going on." In the group people were sounding alarm bells about announcements from Ms Hansen saying she was rebranding, worried about what that would mean for their undelivered orders. Nerida Hansen Nerida Hansen made a name for herself selling bold, distinctive fashion prints He continued supplying her in the hope it would "help her recover as soon as possible and collect her [company's] debts". According to Ms Albertus, Ms Hansen wanted to license one of her designs to be sold in collaboration with a large European fabric retailer called Verhees - an opportunity Ms Albertus didn't want to miss out on. Verhees Ms Albertus says her pattern design was featured in the Nerida Hansen x Verhees collection Ms Albertus contacted Ms Hansen numerous times asking about royalty statements and payment details but is yet to receive any money. Bron Alexander, based in New Zealand, said while she was owed payments for previous projects with Ms Hansen, it was her own fault she hadn't been paid for her Verhees collection work as she'd failed to provide invoices when asked by Ms Hansen's team. "I truly believe she wanted the best for everybody, I truly believe she wanted to be able to deliver, I truly believe she wanted to be able to pay everybody," said Sarah Rowe, an artist who used to collaborate with Ms Hansen and is not owed any money. "If she was a disorganised businesswoman she would have quit a while ago." Gabriela Larios Gabriela Larios - whose fabric was sold in the Nerida Hansen x Verhees collection - also said she was waiting to be paid for her work An official warning In September 2025, nearly a year after Ms O'Connor started the Facebook group, a public warning against Ms Hansen and her businesses was issued by the Victoria state consumer rights agency. Chris Hopkins/BBC Ms O'Connor advised fellow customers to request refunds and report Ms Hansen's businesses to authorities The warning said that over the course of one year, the agency had been contacted more than 120 times by customers claiming to have lost more than $19,800 (£14,900; A$30,000) in purchases. It also said Ms Hansen had operated online under a range of business names, including Indigo Palm, The Kind Merch Co, Nerida Hansen Fabrics, Rebel Quilts, Australian Surface Art Collective, Fabric and Design and Nerida Hansen Print and Textiles.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c8xdgwrrd0vo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: 1 hour ago Share Save Ruth Clegg Health and wellbeing reporter Share Save Kristian Johnson/BBC Ruth Clegg can't help but check her smartwatch countless times during a race There's a feeling of anticipation. "It drives me insane, I can't switch off." "It comforts me… It's like a friend supporting me." "Stop telling me I've had a bad night's sleep." Just some of the comments I've had from fellow smartwatch wearers when I ask what they think of theirs. "I love it for its fitness insights, I just wonder whether all the other things it can now do is perhaps too much for me." Each model of smartwatch has its own novel way of tracking your vitals and interpreting your data, but the majority use sensors on the back of the watch. Niels Peek, Professor of Data Science at the University of Manchester, says that in general for smartwatches, it's a "fine balance" - while the ever-evolving tech could actually save lives, "detecting disease before we show symptoms", it could also turn us watch wearers into the "worried well". While it's a small, specific patient group and not the general population, her study suggested 20% of those who were given wearable tech to monitor their heart health experienced anxiety and were "far more likely to use healthcare resources". "We check, we check again - it becomes a self-fulfilling prophecy." Mark Morton Mark Morton says his fitness tracker has improved how he sleeps Some people have a slightly healthier relationship with their tech. "It's not going to make me an Olympic athlete or anything," Mark Morton, a specialist vet from Cheshire, tells me about the Whoop device strapped around his bicep, "but it has really made me think about my health". "I used to have a beer, just one or two, near bedtime to unwind, but then I've seen how it messes up the quality of my sleep." He now wears a sleep mask, sleeps in a cool room and tries not to eat or drink later in the evening - all of which have contributed to him feeling better when he wakes up, which in turn is reflected in his data. They don't give you a true reading of your speed or pace in a given moment." There are too many variables - the GPS is not always reliable for a start, she cautions. They're really useful for that." For many of us, these watches are purely a personal thing - we care about how well we've done in comparison to how we've done before.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cp858lmrn74o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: 1 hour ago Share Save Annabel Rackham Culture reporter Share Save Netflix On the Netflix show Selling Sunset, Chrishell Stause (right) has fallen out with Emma Hernan (left), which has started a debate about friends' partners It's supposed to be a TV series about Los Angeles' biggest and most beautiful homes - but the people selling them often steal the show. Friends falling out Netflix Stause and Hernan became friends by starring on Selling Sunset together In the show, Stause, 44, says she's never approved of Hernan's relationship with property developer Davis. Hernan has told Netflix's online publication she "doesn't fault" Stause for trying to protect her but that she would like Stause to "step back and realise" her level of love and support. Hannah says Georgia "had a history of dating not very nice people" and moved away from London with a new partner who "proposed to her fairly quickly, I think within about a year". "He came over to me and started to tell me all the things he wanted to do to me in a very graphic, explicit way." She says the experience was "very uncomfortable" and "came out of nowhere". When Hannah told Georgia about it a few days later, Georgia "tried to minimise it and was saying things like 'he does that with all his female friends' and I was trying to explain to her that he was saying really inappropriate things", Hannah says. What you can do, according to a relationship expert James Rudland Anna Williamson says it is important to be careful when dealing with friends whose partners we don't like Relationship expert and counsellor Anna Williamson, who works as a dating expert on Channel 4's Celebs Go Dating, says trying to support a friend if you're concerned about their partner can be difficult. "They might be carrying feelings of shame and masking it." She advises starting a conversation with a friend by telling them something like: "I care about you so much but I want to check in because I've noticed that you seem really stressed lately." Williamson adds it is important to "stick to facts" and only discuss things with them that you have observed. "I'd say something like, 'I really care about you, but I need to take some space from your partner because I'm not comfortable with their behaviour, but I really want to spend time with you.'" It's also important to make sure you have support around you, as looking out for someone else all the time can be draining, she says. Yasmin Shaheen-Zaffar, a relationship and trauma counsellor, says that from watching Selling Sunset, some of the tension comes from cast members talking behind each other's backs and then being confronted about it later on.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c4ge2d2x8gxo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: This boy has a magic heart - it's my son's who died 10 years ago 2 hours ago Share Save Angela Ferguson , BBC Wales and Tomos Morgan , Wales correspondent Share Save Family photo Roman, 10, has a "magic heart" following a transplant from Mrs Bates' son fraser after his death Anna-Louise Bates has a special bond with little Roman, and when she says he has a "magic heart", she isn't exaggerating. Family photo Roman (right) has "battled so hard" with health conditions, according to Anna-Louise Bates A charity set up by Mrs Bates, Believe Organ Donation Support, recently opened a memorial garden at Thornhill cemetery, Cardiff - it has fruit trees and grass mounds in the shape of organs such as a heart, liver and kidneys. and he carries on with that joy and he battles so hard." Mrs Bates added it is "just phenomenal" Fraser had made such a huge difference through his organs being donated, and it proves "the heart really can go on". Roman's mum Zoe described the agonising 10 month wait for a heart transplant, and the "emotional rollercoaster" as the family did not think it would happen right up until they received the call. Anna-Louise Bates Anna-Louise Bates says more families need to talk about organ donation after her son Fraser and husband Stuart saved lives by donating their organs Wales was the first UK nation to adopt the "soft" opt-out legislation on 1 December 2015, which presumes a person's consent to donate their organs when they die, unless they or their family have indicated otherwise. IT programme manager Stuart, who was 43, was pronounced dead at the scene and Fraser was taken to hospital and later transferred to Bristol Children's Hospital, where he died from head injuries. Anna-Louise Bates Anna-Louise Bates said her husband and son were "full of life" and "there was just never ever a dull moment" with them Mrs Bates said she had spoken to her husband about him opting into the organ donor register less than three weeks earlier. This conversation meant when she was approached about donating their organs "it was the one point in that 24-hour period that I didn't have to think and I knew what they would have wanted me to do". Anna-Louise Bates has created a memorial garden in Cardiff to honour donors including her seven-year-old son Fraser Mrs Bates said she had not expected to be asked for her consent for organ donation as she thought the "soft" opt-out legislation meant this was not needed. "I dread to think how I would have been or what emotions I would have gone through if I hadn't had that conversation with Stu." This was part of the reason she set her charity up, describing organ donation as a "taboo subject" that people were "too scared to talk about it". Mrs Bates said children tended to see organ donation as "a gift of life", in her experience, whereas adults possibly avoided talking about it as they associated it with death. Anna-Louise Bates Anna-Louise Bates said tissue and organs donated by her son and husband went on to save many lives The organ donor consent rate has now fallen to its lowest level in a decade. Leah McLaughlin, a healthcare scientist at Bangor University, Gwynedd, said: "We also need more messages embedded in day-to-day life so it becomes more of a normal expected end of life care, which is what NHSBT is trying to do, but we do need the infrastructure to support those messages."

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/show/what-netflixs-deal-to-buy-warner-bros-means-for-one-of-hollywoods-oldest-studios
Article: I mean, Netflix, as prolific as it is, it does not have the intellectual property that has accrued at a 100-year-old studio, everything from Batman and Superman to Harry Potter to all the films that are in the Warner Bros. Geoff Bennett: A group of film producers sent an open letter to Congress warning of — this is a quote — "cascading disastrous outcomes if this deal goes through." The Writers Guild of America is also opposed to it. Comcast came in and tried to block Disney from buying the FOX assets with a bigger bid, and ultimately made Disney pay more money to acquire FOX than it would have if they had not come along.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/show/fraud-scandals-and-trumps-rhetoric-escalate-fears-in-minnesotas-somali-community
Article: But his rhetoric sharpened dramatically this week amid increased national attention to a series of massive Minnesota fraud scandals in which almost all of the dozens of people charged so far are of Somali descent. But I think the challenge is to keep that in its proper place, because it's a real story, and then, next to it, expound on what the Somalis have achieved in the state of Minnesota. Fred de Sam Lazaro: But, as scrutiny of Minnesota's Somali community spikes, so does criticism of Governor Tim Walz for failing to heed early warnings about fraud and to do enough to combat it. Lisa Demuth: You know, I don't think fraud needs to be a topic of race, but when we're looking at that, it is heavily centered on one culture, one population. Fred de Sam Lazaro: Back at Karmel Mall, as rumors of ICE sightings and detentions trickle through the community, residents and business owners anxiously await what comes next, while remaining defiant.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/show/brooks-and-capehart-on-the-political-fallout-over-trumps-boat-strikes
Article: New York Times columnist David Brooks and Jonathan Capehart of MS NOW join Geoff Bennett to discuss the week in politics, including the fallout over the Trump administration's controversial boat strikes, a Pentagon watchdog report on Defense Secretary Hegseth's use of Signal and Dan Bongino's comments on promoting false claims. Geoff Bennett: So Washington has been consumed this past week with a debate over a series of strikes that killed two survivors of an initial attack on a suspected Venezuelan drug boat back in September. David Brooks: Well, it's more the latter than the former, but, frankly, to be a little crude, if you remember 2016, Donald Trump and Marco Rubio got in a fight into a presidential debate about who had bigger hands. There would have been multiple hearings on the Hill, not just of the defense secretary, but of all the other Defense Department officials who were on that Signal chain to get to the bottom of this. I — and the idea that the secretary didn't participate in this investigation, between Signalgate and video gaming off of the coast of Venezuela, they are stretching the bounds of decency, the bounds of legality, the bounds of our Constitution in ways where — I mean, I agree with David. David Brooks: Yes, I would love to know if they ever had a conversation after Jeff Goldberg's story came out and where they said, should we just admit that we screwed up? But then I remember Hegseth got off a plane or a helicopter, and instead of saying the obvious, which actually would have earned him a little credibility, given what — the story he was stuck with, he went after Jeff, and then he didn't cooperate with this investigation. And you said: "There's a massive cover-up because the person that planted those pipe bombs, they don't want you to know who it is because it's either a connected anti-Trump insider or an inside job." Dan Bongino, Deputy FBI Director: You know, listen, I was paid in the past, Sean, for my opinions. Geoff Bennett: Have you ever heard a clearer admission of the incentives that are warping our political discourse, Bongino saying, yes, I said all that stuff, but I was paid to say it? And I just want to say it's great to have proof of life of Dan Bongino, that he's actually still in the number two job after saying he was going to quit. Why would any law enforcement agency out in the country, why would any American citizen trust anything that comes out of the FBI,between Director Kash Patel, who was part of all of this, to this guy? We have just seen more than 1,000 people who participated in the riot of the Capitol on January 6, were held accountable in courts of law, only to be pardoned by the president of the United States. If you think January 6 was an inside job, if you think 9/11 was an inside job, you are spreading the kind of acidic disinformation that destroys all our institutions. And just to ride my hobbyhorse for a little bit, if you think the FBI and Joe Biden's Justice Department were hiding some massive conspiracy about Jeffrey Epstein, you are defaming the men and women of the FBI and the DOJ.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/show/nick-offerman-joins-geoff-bennett-for-our-settle-in-podcast
Article: Since playing the curmudgeonly libertarian Ron Swanson on NBC’s Parks & Rec, he’s avoided being typecast, most recently portraying President Chester Arthur in Netflix’s “Death by Lightning.” They discussed that role, his latest book, “Little Woodchucks,” a guide to woodworking for kids, and much more. Geoff Bennett: We turn now to our video podcast "Settle In." In our latest episode, I speak with actor Nick Offerman, who joined me on a video call during a break on set. Since playing the curmudgeonly Libertarian Ron Swanson on NBC's "Parks and Rec," he's avoided being typecast, most recently portraying President Chester Arthur in Netflix's "Death By Lightning." We spoke about that role in his latest book, "Little Woodchucks." It's a guide to woodworking for kids and much more. Nick Offerman, Author, "Little Woodchucks: Offerman Woodshop's Guide to Tools and Tomfoolery": Well, I have had my woodshop for 20-plus years, and I ran the shop with my co-author, whose name is Lee Buchanan. And before — I mean, we both came from families where we were taught to use tools and make things, whether it was sew buttons on our clothing or make things in the kitchen or make things with tools in the shop. The book is designed for families to learn to make things together, but it's kind of a gentle way of saying, hey, parents, you can teach your kids to use tools, but also I know a lot of you also don't know how to use tools. Geoff Bennett: Well, that's one of the things I love about the book, is that these projects, when you show the finished result, they look as if the kids actually made them, as opposed to — no disrespect to set designers, but a set designer making them and saying, here kid, hold this. And they said, well, we support you because you have a good work ethic, but try and have something to fall back on so that you can make a living in case you don't get cast on "Parks and Rec" until you're 38 years old. Geoff Bennett: I want to ask you about this new Netflix series, "Death By Lightning." You play President Chester Arthur, a figure that I would think it's fair to say most Americans know little about. But the incredible thing about how that series came to be, our wonderful writer, Mike Makowsky, read the book "Destiny of the Republic" by Candice Millard, who's a historian whose books I happened to love already. I just love the idea of inspiring our American audience to the idea that we can actually get past the corruption in politics and we — it's — that we have the power to choose somebody with integrity.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/us-restrict-visas-nigerians-responsible-violence-christians-128083097
Article: The US plans to restrict visas for Nigerians and their families involved in mass killings and violence against Christians, according to the State Department US to restrict visas of Nigerians responsible for violence against Christians Christian women sing and dances during a midweek Church service in Kaduna, northwestern, Nigeria, Nov. “The United States is taking decisive action in response to the mass killings and violence against Christians by radical Islamic terrorists, Fulani ethnic militias, and other violent actors in Nigeria and beyond,” Secretary of State Marco Rubio said in a statement posted on social platform X. The West African country has long faced insecurity from various fronts including the Boko Haram extremist group, which seeks to establish its radical interpretation of Islamic law and has also targeted Muslims it deems not Muslim enough.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Business/wireStory/air-traffic-control-overhaul-company-faa-hired-manage-128160842
Article: The government picked a company with little experience working with the Federal Aviation Administration called Peraton to oversee the roughly $31.5 billion overhaul of the outdated air traffic control system What to know about the air traffic control overhaul and the company FAA hired The government picked a company with little experience working with the Federal Aviation Administration called Peraton to oversee the roughly $31.5 billion overhaul of the outdated air traffic control system. Transportation Secretary Sean Duffy said Thursday evening that Peraton was chosen in the hope that its innovative approach will make it possible to complete the upgrades within the next three years before the end of President Donald Trump's term in office ends. “Working together, we are going to build on the incredible progress we’ve already made and deliver a state-of-the-art air traffic control system that the American traveling public — and our hard-working air traffic controllers — deserve,” Duffy said in the announcement. Here’s what to know about the modernization project and the company hired to oversee it: Earlier this year, Congress approved $12.5 billion as a down payment on the project after technical problems twice knocked out the radar for air traffic controllers managing planes around Newark Liberty International Airport. This effort to upgrade the technology controllers use is on a much more aggressive timeline than the previous NextGen effort that began shortly after the turn of the century and failed to deliver all the benefits it promised even after an investment of $36 billion. The FAA hasn't yet released the details of how much Peraton will be paid for this contract, but the agency said it includes incentives to reward good performance and penalties for shortcomings. And Duffy has said those kind of technical failures in a system that too often still relies on copper wires and floppy discs could happen anywhere unless the system is upgraded. After the radar outages, the facility in Philadelphia that controls the flights in and out of Newark had a half dozen controllers go on leave, which forced the reductions in flights. “If the project gets to the core structure in three years, I think we’ve accomplished the mission.” He likened it to an iPhone where once you have a robust base system you can upgrade the software like when the phone gets an iOS update. We know what the risks of those installations are in a way that we wouldn’t know if we were trying to do it and be the first one out of the gate,” Creamer said. Peraton has said the fact that it doesn't have a history of work at the FAA might actually help because it won't be biased to working with the same companies that have failed in the past. The expectation is that Peraton will be able to award contracts to other companies more quickly than FAA would be able to because it won't be limited by the same process. That does introduce the possibility that mistakes could be made, but Creamer said “I think there’s plenty of checks and balances in the administrative system to ensure that there’s not gonna be substantial waste or fraud or abuse.” Peraton has worked on multibillion-dollar technology contracts for the Department of Homeland Security, the U.S. A Peraton spokesman said the company was too busy getting started on the contract to do any interviews Friday, but its CEO Steve Schorer promised in a statement that his team is committed to completing this project. “Our highly-skilled, dedicated, and talented team of engineers, technologists, and mission experts stands ready to hit the ground running to deliver a system Americans can count on — one that is more secure, more reliable, and a model for the world to follow,” Schorer said. Duffy said that the FAA has already been working on making improvements and more than one-third of the old copper wires that air traffic controllers were relying on have been replaced with fiber optic lines or other modern connections.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Entertainment/wireStory/architect-frank-gehrys-iconic-works-photos-128160970
Article: Architect Frank Gehry’s iconic works in photos By The Associated Press FILE - A view of the Cleveland Clinic Lou Ruvo Center for Brain Health designed by architect Frank Gehry, in Las Vegas, March 17, 2010. Over his prolific career, Gehry received architecture’s highest honors, including the Pritzker Prize, the RIBA gold medal, the Americans for the Arts lifetime achievement award and Canada’s Companion of the Order.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/05/spacex-aims-for-800b-valuation-in-secondary-share-sale-wsj-reports.html
Article: Musk, who is the CEO of both companies, said he doesn't love running publicly traded businesses, in part because they draw "spurious lawsuits," and can "make it very difficult to operate effectively." However, Musk said during the meeting that he wanted to "try to figure out some way for Tesla shareholders to participate in SpaceX," adding, "maybe at some point, SpaceX should become a public company despite all the downsides." WATCH: What retail investors should know about OpenAI and SpaceX

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/6/flavio-bolsonaro-enters-brazils-2026-presidential-race-with-fathers-nod?traffic_source=rss
Article: “I will not stand idly by while I see the hopes of families fading and our democracy dying.” Brazil is scheduled to hold elections on October 4, 2026, and with his father’s nod, Flavio is now the heir apparent to represent the far-right Liberal Party (PL) at the ballot box. “As president of the PL, I inform you that Senator Flavio Bolsonaro is the name selected by Jair Bolsonaro to represent the party in the presidential race,” Costa Neta wrote in an official statement. In the months that followed, they attacked federal police headquarters in the capital Brasilia, and after Lula’s inauguration, on January 8, 2023, they stormed government buildings in the city’s Three Powers Plaza. In June 2023, Brazil’s Superior Electoral Tribunal (TSE) voted to bar Jair Bolsonaro from public office until 2030, calling his use of public resources to spread election falsehoods an “abuse of power”.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/6/trump-wins-fifas-new-peace-prize?traffic_source=rss
Article: He and FIFA president Gianni Infantino are close allies, and Infantino had made it clear that he thought Trump should have won the Nobel Peace Prize for his efforts to broker a ceasefire in Israel’s genocidal war on Gaza. “The world is a safer place now.” The US, he said, was “not doing too well” before he took office, but now “we’re the hottest country anywhere in the world”. Trump received the award as he continues to face criticism from Democrats and rights groups for launching a huge US military build-up around Venezuela and ordering deadly air strikes against alleged drug-smuggling boats. He has also ordered a hardline migration crackdown, threatening to move World Cup games from cities where he has sent troops and freezing asylum decisions from 19 countries – including World Cup participants Haiti and Iran. Human Rights Watch (HRW) said it has written to FIFA to request a list of the nominees, the judges, the criteria and the selection process – and has received no response. “FIFA’s so-called peace prize is being awarded against a backdrop of violent detentions of immigrants, national guard deployments in US cities, and the obsequious cancellation of FIFA’s own anti-racism and anti-discrimination campaigns,” Minky Worden, who oversees sport for HRW, said in a statement.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/6/infantinos-peace-prize-to-trump-raises-questions-about-fifas-neutrality?traffic_source=rss
Article: Craig Mokhiber, a former United Nations official who has campaigned to suspend Israel from world football over its genocidal war in Gaza, called the award to Trump a “truly shameful development”. “Not satisfied with two years of FIFA complicity in genocide in Palestine, Infantino and his cronies have now invented a new ‘peace prize’ in order to curry favour with Donald Trump,” Mokhiber told Al Jazeera. He added that the award also aims to “obscure” Trump’s “disgraceful record” of support to Israel, his deadly strikes on vessels in the Caribbean Sea, and “gross violations of human rights” inside the US. Infantino praises Trump While presenting the prize on Friday, Infantino expressed support for Trump’s international deals, including the so-called Abraham Accords that established formal ties between Israel and several Arab states without resolving the question of Palestinian statehood. “Mr President, you definitely deserve the first FIFA Peace Prize for your action, for what you have obtained in your way, but you have obtained in an incredible way.” Trump has openly campaigned for the Nobel Peace Prize but missed out on the award earlier this year. He said the new FIFA recognition is one of the “great honours” he has received, and he repeated his claim that his presidency has saved millions of lives and ended eight wars. “Now we have to protect the autonomy of sport: the political neutrality of sport and to protect the values of sport.” Two years later, critics point out that Infantino has created a prize to celebrate peace and unity, and then handed it to a president who called people from Somalia “garbage” just days prior. “Giving Donald Trump a prize for peace is like giving Luis Suarez a prize for not biting people’s ears off,” football journalist Zach Lowy wrote on social media, referring to the Uruguayan forward who has been caught up in at least three biting incidents on the pitch throughout his career. Trump’s record While Trump has helped broker some peace deals between warring parties, most recently between Rwanda and the Democratic Republic of the Congo, he has been an advocate for increased military spending across the Western world. “But his administration’s appalling human rights record certainly does not display ‘exceptional actions for peace and unity’.” For his part, Mokhiber, the former UN official, said the “vulgar” prize to Trump must be rescinded.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nba/lakers-giannis-antetokounmpo-trade-chances-revealed-11165945
Article: What are the chances of the Lakers landing Giannis if the Bucks feel their hand is forced, and the Greek Freak wants to don the purple and gold moving forward? Antetokounmpo is likely to desire a landing spot where he sees a long-term fit, but if push comes to shove, could he Kawhi his way through the next season and a half before getting a free agency sweepstakes in 2027? “This is the big question: Will there be a team that thinks they might be a Giannis away that he won’t extend with, that he doesn’t want to be on?” Shelburne wondered. Will there be a team out there that thinks they can, and that is willing to take a chance on trading the farm for him now in the hopes that two years of him will be worth it for you?” The Bucks aren’t expected to ship Antetokounmpo out to a situation he doesn’t want. The Bottom Line If Giannis is open to joining the Lakers and playing alongside Luka Doncic for several seasons, then LA’s front office will certainly do what they have to do to make it happen. Nothing is concrete at the moment, but it seems the Lakers might have a better shot at making a Giannis-level move when they reach free agency, rather than getting something done before this year’s deadline.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/west-virginia-guardsman-injured-dc-shooting-update-11166811
Article: What To Know Morrissey asked West Virginians and others to continue praying for Wolfe, and noted that a vigil was planned Friday night at Wolfe’s alma mater, Musselman High School in Berkeley County. Wolfe joined the Guard in 2019, the same year he graduated from Musselman High, where Principal Alicia Riggleman described him as an engaged, high-achieving student “who embodied the Applemen spirit.” Wolfe and Beckstrom were among more than 2,000 troops deployed to the nation’s capital as part of President Donald Trump’s crime-fighting initiative, which included taking control of the local police department. What People Are Saying President Trump said in Thursday's post, "The great family of Andrew Wolfe — Our wonderful National Guardsman who was badly injured protecting the Capital of the United States of America. I just met them in the Oval Office — They are fantastic American Patriots!" Speaking on Fox News Tuesday, Attorney General Pam Bondi said surgeons at the hospital treating Wolfe called him a “miracle.” She added: “They rarely get to deliver news like this.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/entertainment/movies/28-years-later-the-bone-temple-release-date-11157823
Article: With "28 Years Later" grossing a respectable $150M worldwide against a budget of $60 million, odds are this isn't the last we've seen of director Danny Boyle and writer Alex Garland's epic UK-based zombie odyssey. Ian Kelson Jack O'Connell as Sir Jimmy Crystal Alfie Williams as Spike Erin Kellyman as Jimmy Ink Chi Lewis-Parry as Samson Aaron Taylor-Johnson as Jamie Emma Laird as Jimmima Maura Bird as Jimmy Jones Cillian Murphy as Jim Is Cillian Murphy in ‘28 Years Later: The Bone Temple’? Yes, Cillian Murphy is in “28 Years Later: The Bone Temple.” In an interview with Observer, the actor says he is “only in it for a little bit.” In addition, Murphy was spotted filming in Ennerdale, Cumbria in September 2024. ‘28 Years Later: The Bone Temple’ Story The official synopsis for “28 Years Later: The Bone Temple” reads: "Expanding upon the world created by Danny Boyle and Alex Garland in 28 Years Later — but turning that world on its head — Nia DaCosta directs 28 Years Later: The Bone Temple. Kelson (Ralph Fiennes) finds himself in a shocking new relationship — with consequences that could change the world as they know it — and Spike's (Alfie Williams) encounter with Jimmy Crystal (Jack O'Connell) becomes a nightmare he can't escape. In the world of The Bone Temple, the infected are no longer the greatest threat to survival - the inhumanity of the survivors can be stranger and more terrifying." ‘28 Years Later: The Bone Temple’ Where to Watch “28 Years Later: The Bone Temple” releases exclusively in cinemas on January 16th, 2026.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/how-to-watch-suns-vs-rockets-live-stream-nba-tv-channel-11164719
Article: How to Watch Phoenix Suns vs Houston Rockets When: Friday, December 5, 2025 Time: 8:00 PM ET TV Channel: KPHE, Space City Home Network try for free ) Live Stream: Fubo ( New coach Jordan Ott talked about creating a new identity for the Suns, and that’s coming to fruition, as the previous squads didn’t play much defense. They’ll be playing without Devin Booker, who strained his groin early in what ended up as a big 125-108 win over the Los Angeles Lakers, behind Dillon Brooks’ 33 points.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/wrestling/wwes-john-cena-makes-bold-prediction-about-his-retirement-11166743
Article: Once that match is over, Cena assured fans that he will no longer appear as an in-ring performer with the company, and while he might make appearances for WWE, he'll be moving on to other career ventures. Read more: Former WWE Champion Calls Out CM Punk for ‘Scary’ WarGames Mistake Based on recent remarks, Cena suggests that once his WWE career is over, fans will all move on, and in fact, they'll do so quickly. That is not a plea to sympathy like 'Always remember me.' By the Royal Rumble and the road to WrestleMania, nobody gives a f***, because they're focusing on what the show is," Cena stated. He won the title weeks ago during his final Boston appearance for "Monday Night Raw." The IC title was the final championship Cena needed to win in his career to join the list of grand slam champions who have won the various championships in WWE. That tour has included him briefly turning heel before WrestleMania 41, winning the Undisputed WWE Championship, and then turning face after losing the championship back to Cody Rhodes at SummerSlam. In addition, he lost to his nemesis Brock Lesnar at WWE Wrestlepalooza, the first-ever premium live event on ESPN, after the company struck a deal to acquire the rights to WWE PLEs.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/how-to-watch-unlv-vs-boise-state-live-stream-mountain-west-championship-game-ncaa-college-football-tv-channel-11153083
Article: The Boise State Broncos (8-4) host the UNLV Rebels (10-2) on Friday night as the teams square off for the Mountain West Conference championship for the third consecutive season after the teams emerged from a four-way tie atop the conference at 6-2. How to Watch Mountain West Championship: UNLV vs Boise State When: Friday, December 5, 2025 Time: 8:00 PM ET TV Channel: FOX try for free ) Live Stream: Fubo ( Boise State won its final two games to claim a share of the regular-season title, including a 25-24 victory at Utah State. The Broncos and Rebels ended the conference season tied with New Mexico and San Diego State, with computer rankings breaking the tie and advancing Boise State and UNLV to the title game.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nfl/kansas-city-chiefs-injury-report-brutal-news-patrick-mahomes-11166123
Article: Ahead of the Kansas City Chiefs' must-win Week 14 game against the Houston Texans, the organization shared an update that will likely make life far more difficult for star quarterback Patrick Mahomes in Sunday's crucial matchup. More news: Commanders Get Promising Jayden Daniels News Ahead of Vikings Clash Earlier this week, starting left tackle Josh Simmons was ruled out for their next four games after being placed on injured reserve with a wrist injury. More news: Chiefs’ Travis Kelce Sends Blunt Warning to Texans Ahead of Must-Win Game If anyone can overcome this kind of loss on the offensive line, it may very well be someone as talented as Mahomes.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/how-to-watch-north-texas-vs-tulane-live-stream-american-conference-championship-game-ncaa-college-football-tv-channel-11153087
Article: 24 North Texas Mean Green (11-1) in what is likely a play-in game for a playoff berth in the American Conference championship game on Friday night at Yulman Stadium in New Orleans. How to Watch American Conference Championship: North Texas vs Tulane When: Friday, December 5, 2025 Time: 8:00 PM ET TV Channel: ABC try for free ) Live Stream: Fubo ( Tulane finished 7-1 in the American with its 27-0 win on Saturday over visiting Charlotte.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nba/steph-curry-complicate-warriors-giannis-pursuit-11165750
Article: While a Giannis trade sweepstakes could still be a long way from early December, you can bet that Steph Curry’s team will be a popular hypothetical destination for the multi-time MVP. As every other interested suitor prepares their best package, one must wonder if the Warriors need to consult with their star guard before making a massive offer to land one of the biggest stars in the game. Last season, the league saw the Dallas Mavericks and the Los Angeles Lakers swap two big stars, and word is that LeBron James didn’t have a clue it was going down. And if he’s here, two or three more years playing at a very high level, you’re not going to run the risk of pissing him off in the final stages of a career that has brought the team and the region so much success.” Like Curry and the former Warrior Klay Thompson, Draymond Green has been a face of the franchise that is recognized as one of the best dynasties the NBA has seen.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/betting/draftkings-promo-code-claim-200-bonus-for-nba-cfb-300-missouri-offer-11164840
Article: As one of the NBA's most storied rivalries takes center stage tonight, with the Los Angeles Lakers visiting the Boston Celtics, new bettors have an incredible opportunity to join the action with the DraftKings promo code. Here's tonight's schedule and the latest odds from DraftKings: Los Angeles Lakers @ Boston Celtics (12:00 AM UTC) Spread: Celtics -6.5 (-115) Total: Over/Under 225.5 San Antonio Spurs @ Cleveland Cavaliers (12:30 AM UTC) Spread: Cavaliers -4.5 (-102) Total: Over/Under 238.5 Tonight's slate is headlined by the renewal of basketball's most legendary rivalry, as the Lakers travel to face the Celtics. However, they'll contend with a Lakers squad featuring the sensational Luka Dončić, who's posting monster numbers with 35.2 points, 8.9 rebounds, and 8.9 assists per contest following his blockbuster trade from Dallas.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/politics/elections/us-rep-julie-johnson-running-congress-new-dallas-district-republican-redistricting/287-87614b13-97d7-4f14-aadd-4f4c81e735e6
Article: Johnson’s filing comes after months of legal battles, protests and political maneuvering to stop Texas Republicans are pushing to redraw congressional boundaries in a push to gain five additional U.S. It was very clearly party supremacy as the end goal,” Cates said," I'm a Democrat myself." Cates is a Texas political attorney and lobbyist who owns Cates Legal Group PLLC, where he advises political campaigns, PACs, nonprofits, and others on election, ethics and lobbying law. He is the author of Texas Ethics Laws Annotated, is board-certified in Legislative and Campaign Law, and has previously served in government affairs roles with the Texas Nurses Association and the Texas Association of Realtors.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/syndication/associatedpress/the-supreme-court-will-decide-whether-trumps-birthright-citizenship-order-violates-the-constitution/616-b500eba5-4bdd-40c1-bca2-0da595bb8cfd
Article: WASHINGTON(AP) — The Supreme Court agreed on Friday to take up the constitutionality of President Donald Trump's order on birthright citizenship declaring that children born to parents who are in the United States illegally or temporarily are not American citizens. But the Supreme Court allowed the resumption of sweeping immigration stops in the Los Angeles area after a lower court blocked the practice of stopping people solely based on their race, language, job or location. His order would upend more than 125 years of understanding that the Constitution’s 14th Amendment confers citizenship on everyone born on American soil, with narrow exceptions for the children of foreign diplomats and those born to a foreign occupying force. In a series of decisions, lower courts have struck down the executive order as unconstitutional, or likely so, even after a Supreme Court ruling in late June that limited judges’ use of nationwide injunctions. Every lower court that has looked at the issue has concluded that Trump’s order violates or likely violates the 14th Amendment, which was intended to ensure that Black people, including former slaves, had citizenship. “No president can change the 14th Amendment’s fundamental promise of citizenship,” Cecillia Wang, the ACLU's national legal director, said in a statement, adding, "We look forward to putting this issue to rest once and for all in the Supreme Court this term.” The administration had also asked the justices to review a ruling by the 9th U.S.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/sports/college/north-texas-looks-to-continue-historic-season-with-win-over-tulane/287-3e9d04fe-2094-4562-9bb9-8af42cffeae8
Article: DENTON, Texas — As North Texas gears up to face Tulane with a shot at the program’s first American Athletic Conference title, the Mean Green are also preparing for a moment that's been years in the making. Head Coach Eric Morris, who will coach the team through their postseason run, said “getting into this game and trying to finish it off together is something I’ve heard [the players] talk about.” This season alone, UNT has already rewritten the record books. The team has checked off milestone after milestone — the first 11-win season in school history, the first appearance in a conference championship game — and now, even bigger stakes lie ahead. “My first couple years we were just fighting to get into a bowl game… I never thought we’d get a chance to go to the College Football Playoff," offensive lineman Gabe Blair reflected.

Link: https://abc7.com/post/how-netflix-buying-warner-bros-83-billion-could-change-future-movies-theatrical-releases/18255570/
Article: Depending on where you stand, the iconic Netflix "Tadum" sound that plays with their logo before their original content could be considered the death knell for Warner Bros., or its wedding song. It combines Netflix -- the world's largest streaming company with more than 300 million subscribers -- with the third largest streamer -- home to HBO and a trove of popular entertainment franchises like DC Studios and Harry Potter. "But I've also talked to people who said this could be really the revitalisation that the industry needs after the tough years of the pandemic, the strikes and the wildfires." The Netflix deal comes as a surprise, not just for its size. "Simply put, you take Netflix, the biggest streamer in the country and the world, with the third-biggest streamer in the country, HBO Max, and you do have more than 51% of the streaming audience," Patten said. Patten said the deal could push Hollywood and its movies further down the streaming line, with a bigger focus on the smaller screens at home instead of the big screens in theaters. But there have been exceptions, including qualifying runs for its awards contenders, including this year's "Frankenstein," limited theater screenings of a "KPop Demon Hunters" sing-a-long and its coming "Stranger Things" series finale. "Our mission has always been to entertain the world," Ted Sarandos, co-CEO of Netflix, said in a statement, adding that merging with Warner will "give audiences more of what they love." David Zaslav, CEO of Warner Bros. Discovery, added that merging with Netflix "will ensure people everywhere will continue to enjoy the world's most resonant stories for generations to come." Critics question potential effect on movie theaters and filmmakers Critics said a Netflix-Warner combo would be bad news for moviegoers and for people who work in theaters. and another 26,000 screens internationally - was quick to oppose the deal, which it said "poses an unprecedented threat to the global exhibition business." "Netflix's stated business model does not support theatrical exhibition. Roger Marshall, a Kansas Republican and close Trump ally, said the deal "raises serious red flags for consumers, creators, movie theaters and local businesses alike." The Associated Press contributed to this report.

Link: https://abc13.com/post/hisd-data-shows-majority-enrollment-loss-2025-2026-school-year-came-nes-campuses/18255363/
Article: Majority of students leaving HISD in the 2025-2026 school year came from NES campuses, data shows ABC13 learned that most of the enrollment decline came from HISD's New Education System schools, even though there are more non-NES campuses. HOUSTON (KTRK) -- Using HISD data obtained through a source within the district, Eyewitness News has learned that the majority of the 2025-26 enrollment drop came from the district's New Education System schools, even though there are fewer of them than non-NES campuses. "It's a conversation because you have to do what's best for your children, but frankly, if we were going to switch districts, we would just have to move out of the state at this point," Hurley said. But we're in it with HISD, that is our option, so that is why we continue to fight and speak at board meetings and point out things that our kids deserve," Van Borssum said. They sent a statement that said large enrollment loss began at NES campuses before they earned that designation under the state's takeover of the district, and that "Definitionally, NES campuses are schools that struggled with chronic low student performance, and it is not unexpected that they would experience steeper enrollment losses. Over the past two years, these schools have seen substantial and rapid academic improvement across the board, including major gains in reading and math proficiency, stronger campus culture, and expanded instructional support." For more news updates, follow Lileana Pearson on Facebook, X and Instagram.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cg5mzne2dqzo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: 'Netflix seals $85bn Warner Bros deal' and 'One L of a draw' 1 hour ago Share Save Share Save "Netflix seals $83bn Warner Bros deal" reads the front page of the Financial Times. Citing multiple Labour sources, the paper says MPs have urged Wes Streeting to promise Rayner a cabinet role and possible return as deputy prime minister if she agrees to the proposal. It quotes the former head of the Equality and Human Rights Commission, Baroness Falkner, as saying the "failure" to publish guidance following a Supreme Court ruling on single-sex spaces reflected a government that has left women and transgender people in a "grey zone". The Star says US President Donald Trump has "finally" received a peace award, after he was announced as the inaugural recipient of a Fifa peace prize during the World Cup draw.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c20gn2d51l1o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Kenyans want their sons back 2 hours ago Share Save David Wafula BBC Newsday, Nairobi Share Save Kuloba family David Kuloba, seen here with a Russian fighter, thought he had secured a well-paying job as a security guard David Kuloba's mother warned him about going to Russia after he accepted a job as a security guard advertised by a recruitment agency in Kenya. At first the family, who live in the Kenyan capital's crowded informal settlement of Kibera had been excited when he said he had found work abroad - it sounded like a rare break. But her son insisted the offer was genuine, telling her he had been promised more than $7,000 (£5,250) on arrival - a life-changing sum for a young man with no stable income. He told his mother his unit was ambushed within days of arriving in Russian-controlled territory Her son explained that he and some other Kenyan men had been given two weeks of combat training - and he was heading to the battle zone in Ukraine, which Russia invaded in 2022. David had sent her a voice note saying he was about to go into battle and in case he did not survive, he wanted her to have details of his Russian military ID and contract, which was written in Russian. "I asked his friend: 'How do you know?' He said: 'Let me give you the number of the agent who received us in Russia.'" Mrs Kuloba messaged the number - the replies came in Russian at first. Kuloba family David Kuloba, who sent his family this photo of himself in battle gear, last contacted his mother on 4 October She asked for a picture of his body, or confirmation that David was in a morgue. The contact told her he was "very far away", and suggested that she travel to Russia herself, or send another relative, something she said the family could not afford to do. I depended on him." The father of another Kenyan man who went to work in Russia told the BBC he was recruited on the understanding that he was going to be driver - nothing to do with armed combat. Parliament's Defence and Foreign Relations Committee had taken up the matter and the agencies it summoned were expected to outline how they had recruited young people, what information they had provided and how contracts were presented, Osoro said. "What I can say is that work is in progress." Osoro said new legislation was being drafted to tighten controls on recruitment agencies, including stricter scrutiny before licences were issued and clearer distinctions between categories of work. Ukrainian officials have repeatedly warned that anyone fighting for Russia will be treated as an enemy combatant, and that the only safe route out is to surrender and be treated as a prisoner of war.

Link: https://feeds.texastribune.org/link/16799/17225076/texas-ken-paxton-epic-city-lawsuit
Article: Attorney General Ken Paxton on Friday sued the East Plano Islamic Center and its leaders in North Texas for alleged securities fraud after months of fierce scrutiny from GOP officials and commentators over a planned Muslim community. The East Plano Islamic Center has pitched a residential development, formerly called EPIC City, with more than 1,000 residential units, a mosque, a K-12 faith-based school and retail shops outside of Dallas. The project drew numerous state investigations earlier this year — some for unclear reasons — including one from Paxton, who said in March he was looking into potential violations of consumer protection laws. On Friday, Paxton accused Community Capital Partners — a private group he alleged EPIC founded — of failing to register as a securities dealer and committing securities fraud by misrepresenting the proposed development’s location and its leader’s compensation in relation to the project, according to the suit. Paxton filed the suit in Collin County, where part of the development is planned, a month and a half after he wrote to the Texas Secu­ri­ties Board about violations his office had uncovered while investigating the development. “The leaders behind EPIC City have engaged in a radical plot to destroy hundreds of acres of beautiful Texas land and line their own pockets,” Paxton said in a statement, vowing to stop the development. “I will relentlessly bring the full force of the law against anyone who thinks they can ignore the rules and hurt Texans.” The legal action is the latest development to bring attention to the community, which has been the recipient of Islamaphic vitriol for months.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/high-school-student-18-charged-arson-fire-burned-128161883
Article: A New York City high school senior has been jailed on a federal arson charge days after authorities say he set a fire that severely burned a sleeping subway passenger FILE - A subway approaches an above ground station in the Brooklyn borough of New York with the New York City skyline in the background, June 21, 2017. (AP Photo/Bebeto Matthews, File) FILE - A subway approaches an above ground station in the Brooklyn borough of New York with the New York City skyline in the background, June 21, 2017. (AP Photo/Bebeto Matthews, File) NEW YORK -- A New York City high school senior was jailed Friday on a federal arson charge after authorities say he set a fire that severely burned a sleeping subway passenger. Carrero’s lawyer, Jennifer Brown, said there was “no disagreement that the allegations are extremely serious.” But, she said, Carrero is a “very young man with no (criminal) record and a mother willing to take him in.” Before Caproni stepped in, Lehrburger had agreed to release Carrero to home confinement with electronic monitoring and a requirement that he undergo a mental health evaluation and submit to drug testing. Carrero’s case went to federal court in part because it was investigated by a federal task force, the New York Arson and Explosives Task Force that is run by the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives in conjunction with the city’s police and fire departments. According to the complaint, investigators zeroed in on Carrero by comparing images from the incident to body-worn camera footage recorded in October when police stopped him for riding his bicycle through a red light.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/rapper-tekashi-6ix9ine-gets-3-months-prison-violating-128162827
Article: Rapper Tekashi 6ix9ine has been sentenced to three more months in prison for violating his supervised release terms in a New York gang case FILE - Rapper Tekashi 6ix9ine watches a baseball game between the Miami Marlins and New York Mets, Aug. (AP Photo/Lynne Sladky, File) NEW YORK -- Rapper Tekashi 6ix9ine was sentenced to three more months in prison Friday for violating the terms of his supervised release in a New York gang case by assaulting a man and possessing drugs. The 29-year-old artist from Brooklyn, whose real name is Daniel Hernandez, admitted to the violations during a hearing in federal court in Manhattan, where Judge Paul Engelmayer expressed frustration that Hernandez keeps getting into trouble. Hernandez, who shot to fame with the 2017 release of his song “Gummo,” gave a lengthy speech in court, describing several episodes where he and his relatives were harassed and threatened because of his cooperation with authorities in the gang case. He was handed a lenient sentence of two years in prison in 2019 followed by five years of supervised release for his cooperation in the racketeering case against gang members. Friday's sentence was related to small amounts of cocaine and ecstasy being found at the rapper's Miami home during a police raid in March, and his punching a man who taunted him at a Florida mall in August over his cooperation against gang members.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/ups-put-profits-safety-plane-crash-killed-14-128078244
Article: A lawyer who filed two wrongful death lawsuits over the fiery UPS cargo plane crash in Kentucky says the company put profits over safety by continuing to fly older planes FILE - Allen Wilson, right, hugs an attendee after they wrote on crosses for victims during a vigil Thursday, Nov. (AP Photo/Darron Cummings, File) A deadly UPS cargo plane crash in Kentucky stemmed from corporate choices that favored profits over safety, according to a lawyer who filed two wrongful death lawsuits Wednesday, which allege the company kept flying older aircraft without increasing maintenance beyond what’s regularly scheduled. The cracks show the now-grounded MD-11s, which average more than 30 years old, are too dangerous for package delivery companies to keep in the air, said Robert Clifford, a lawyer who has represented victims in plane crashes for more than 45 years. The suit by Clifford Law Offices of Chicago and Sam Aguiar Injury Lawyers are names Boeing, which acquired the original manufacturer of the plane McDonell Douglas, and VT San Antonio Aerospace, Inc., which inspected and maintained the plane. Clifford and other lawyers filed the wrongful death suits on behalf of the families of Angela Anderson, 45, who was shopping at a business by the airport and Trinadette "Trina" Chavez, 37, who was working at Grade A Auto Parts. Both died in the fire caused by the 38,000 gallons (144,00 liters) of jet fuel on board the plane as it headed for Hawaii, the attorneys wrote in court papers. Along with UPS, Clifford Law Offices of Chicago and Sam Aguiar Injury Lawyers are also suing General Electric, which made the engine; Boeing which acquired the original manufacturer of the plane McDonell Douglas; and VT San Antonio Aerospace, Inc., which inspected and maintained the plane. UPS and GE said in a statements that safety is a top priority as they assist the federal investigation, and said their companies extend their heartfelt sympathies to the families of those killed. Federal investigators grounded all MD-11s used by UPS, FedEx and Western Global after the crash for inspections and repairs, but the Federal Aviation Administration hasn’t said what will be required.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/wireStory/schumer-new-york-offices-targeted-bomb-threats-128014232
Article: Senate Democratic leader Chuck Schumer says three of his New York offices were targeted with emailed bomb threats from an email address alleging the “2020 election was rigged.” Schumer says three of his New York offices were targeted with bomb threats Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer, D-N.Y., flanked by Rep. (AP Photo/Jose Luis Magana) WASHINGTON -- Senate Democratic leader Chuck Schumer said Monday that three of his New York offices were targeted with emailed bomb threats from an email address alleging the “2020 election was rigged.” Schumer said in a statement that local law enforcement received bomb threats referencing his offices in Rochester, Binghamton and Long Island with the email subject line “MAGA.” “Local and federal law enforcement responded immediately and are conducting full security sweeps,” Schumer said. “Everyone is safe, and I am grateful for their quick and professional response to ensure these offices remain safe and secure for all New Yorkers.” A law enforcement source confirmed that Suffolk County police responded to Schumer’s Long Island office but could not confirm the details of the threat. Schumer said in the statement that “these kinds of violent threats have absolutely no place in our political system.” President Donald Trump lost the 2020 election to former President Joe Biden but has falsely claimed since then that it was “rigged” or “stolen.” But courts dismissed or ruled against the campaign in dozens of lawsuits and the votes were certified by election officials in all 50 states.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/6/afghan-pakistani-forces-exchange-heavy-fire-as-tensions-flare?traffic_source=rss
Article: Afghanistan and Pakistan’s forces have exchanged heavy fire along their border as tensions between the South Asian neighbours escalate after peace talks in Saudi Arabia failed to produce a breakthrough. In a post on X, the spokesman for Afghanistan’s Taliban government, Zabihullah Mujahid, said Pakistani forces had “launched attacks towards” the Spin Boldak district in the Kandahar province, prompting Afghan forces to respond. — Zabihullah (..ذبـــــیح الله م ) (@Zabehulah_M33) December 5, 2025 Residents on the Afghan side of the border told the AFP news agency that the exchange of fire broke out around 10:30pm local time (18:00 GMT) and lasted about two hours. Strained ties Relations have soured between Afghanistan and Pakistan since the Taliban returned to power in 2021, largely due to Islamabad’s accusations that Kabul is providing sanctuary to several armed groups, including the Pakistan Taliban (TTP). Pakistan also accuses Afghanistan of sheltering the Balochistan Liberation Army and a local ISIL/ISIS affiliate known as the ISKP – even though the ISKP is a sworn enemy of the Afghan Taliban. About 70 people were killed on both sides of the border and hundreds more wounded before Afghan and Pakistani officials signed a ceasefire agreement in Qatar’s capital Doha on October 19.

Link: https://www.latimes.com/california/story/2025-12-05/la-city-council-president-moves-to-delay-full-olympic-wage-boost
Article: Aide Rachel Brashier, left, and Los Angeles City Council President Marqueece Harris-Dawson listen to public comment as dozens of cooks, room attendants, dishwashers, airport workers and allies pack the chambers for a May 14 vote on the Olympic wage. The fight over an effort to boost wages for Los Angeles tourism workers to coincide with the 2028 Olympics has taken a fresh twist, with the City Council president introducing a new motion that critics say would significantly water down the measure. The issue ostensibly had been put to rest in September, when a business group-backed effort to repeal a $30 per hour minimum wage for Los Angeles hotel and airport workers failed to secure enough signatures to qualify for the ballot. City Council President Marqueece Harris-Dawson has introduced a motion that, if approved, would phase the increase in over a longer period of time — delaying the full $30 hourly minimum wage until 2030. Advertisement Rhonda Mitchell, a spokesperson for Harris-Dawson, said the council president “continues to work with partners around negotiations,” but did not provide other details when asked for comment by The Times on Friday. “It is a shameful day in Los Angeles when our own elected leaders decide to put forth a motion to strip hard-earned wages from some of the city’s lowest-paid workers,” Yvonne Wheeler, president of the Los Angeles County Federation of Labor, said in a statement Friday. “These workers fought for more than two years to improve their working conditions, only to have the very people who should defend them try to take it all away.” But Rosanna Maietta — president and chief executive of the American Hotel and Lodging Assn., which had supported repealing the wage increase — said relief from higher labor costs is much-needed in an industry that has struggled to bounce back from pandemic shutdowns. Advertisement “Hotels are essential to the vitality of Los Angeles, supporting tens of thousands of jobs and generating critical tax revenue that funds essential services like schools, sanitation, and public safety,” Maietta said in a statement Friday. “This motion is a long-overdue step in the right direction and provides hotel owners and operators with short-term relief in the face of decreased travel demand and rising operational costs.” The City Council originally voted in May to approve a series of yearly wage increases for hotel employees and workers at Los Angeles International Airport, following a two-year campaign by labor organizers. The law was put on hold during the subsequent opposition ballot campaign, but recently went into effect, with workers seeing the first increments in a series of wage increases designed to boost their minimum pay to $30 per hour by 2028. However, the motion comes after a coalition of airline and hotel businesses filed paperwork for a ballot measure to repeal the city’s business tax — a move that would strip about $740 million annually from the city’s general fund, which pays for police officers, firefighters and other services. Business Push to block L.A.’s tourism wage hike has been misleading, union alleges Unite Here Local 11 on Wednesday filed a complaint with state officials alleging that a hotel industry coalition violated state election rules in its campaign to overturn a wage boost for Los Angeles airport and hotel workers. David Huerta, president of SEIU-United Service Workers West, which represents airport workers, said the timing of the motion, in the middle of the holiday season, was “particularly callous.” “We stand ready to defend the Olympic Wage,” he said in a statement.

Link: https://www.latimes.com/california/story/2025-12-05/4-000-gallons-of-oil-contaminated-wastewater-spill-in-monterey-county
Article: A crew was on site performing maintenance work on an 8-inch oil line when 96 barrels of crude oil and wastewater leaked at around 7 a.m., according to a hazardous materials report filing with the Governor’s Office of Emergency Services. Advertisement The spill occurred near Sargent Creek, just over a mile upstream from its confluence with the Salinas River — a key drinking and irrigation source for the Salinas Valley and much of the Central Coast. The spill comes amid a string of recent oil releases in California, including in Ventura County last month , which saw crews race storms to contain crude that had entered a waterway. “In the past few weeks, we’ve seen numerous examples of how oil production threatens California’s communities and water supplies,” Hollin Kretzmann, a staff attorney at the Center for Biological Diversity’s Climate Law Institute, said in a statement.

Link: https://www.latimes.com/california/story/2025-12-05/pet-owners-find-grisly-scene-inside-san-marcos-pet-crematory-owner-arrested
Article: Angel Paws Pet Cremation appeared to be a nondescript San Marcos business, where grieving clients brought in their dearly departed pets — until they stopped getting their calls returned, and the building began to smell. Angel Paws owner Christopher Settle was arrested Tuesday for alleged grand theft, in a scheme prosecutors say involved taking in pets for cremations, collecting the payment, and leaving them in freezers to rot as he distributed false ashes. The San Marcos station of the San Diego County Sheriff’s Department confirmed Settle’s arrest outside of his Temecula home on a warrant issued that day in North County Superior Court. Advertisement The San Marcos cremation business was under scrutiny since early this year, when clients raised concerns on social media and to local news stations about Angel Paws’s closure with their pets’ remains reportedly still inside. Officials say that the local power company had cut off the gas and electricity due to missed payments since July 9, which would have left the carcasses decomposing for up to five months before Settle’s eviction in November. While Settle was initially unresponsive, deputies convinced him to allow the clients in, where local cremation company owner Gerry Wellman recounted a “grisly” scene of stacked, partially frozen pet bodies. That’s what made me want to get involved.” Wellman, owner of Sorrento Valley Pet Cemetery, stepped in to offer to cremate the remaining bodies, and says Angel Paws’ operation was “disorganized and unprofessional.” “The owner of Angel Paws called me to drop off 20 pets that he couldn’t cremate. “I mean, the area around the building smelled awful, like throw-up.” One pet owner at the September confrontation, Denise Parker, told CBS8 that she found her pet amid the chaos, despite being told that she was given its ashes.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/nation-world/white-house-deletes-sabrina-carpenter-video-replaces-with-new-clip/507-316acd66-b573-40eb-9e57-4c6bb2f69705
Article: The White House deleted a controversial social media video promoting Immigration and Customs Enforcement arrests that featured pop star Sabrina Carpenter's song "Juno," but quickly escalated the dispute by posting a new video using altered footage from her "Saturday Night Live" appearance. The original video, posted Monday on the White House's official X account, showed ICE agents detaining migrants while repeatedly playing the lyric "Have you ever tried this one?" from Carpenter's hit song. — Sabrina Carpenter (@SabrinaAnnLynn) December 2, 2025 White House spokesperson Abigail Jackson initially defended the video in a statement to multiple news outlets, referencing Carpenter's album title "Short n' Sweet" and lyrics from her recent single, "Manchild." "Here's a Short n' Sweet message for Sabrina Carpenter: we won't apologize for deporting dangerous criminal illegal murderers, rapists, and pedophiles from our country," Jackson told The Washington Post. "Anyone who would defend these sick monsters must be stupid, or is it slow?" The administration quietly removed the video from X on Friday without explanation, though it remained posted on TikTok with the audio removed. In the original promo, Carpenter joked with cast member Marcello Hernández about needing to arrest someone for being "too hot." The White House version overdubbed the audio, replacing "hot" with "illegal," then cut to a montage of ICE arrests.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/nation-world/iniu-power-banks-recalled-overheating/507-69320363-1c0a-42a7-9b80-77fe193a6266
Article: WASHINGTON — More than 200,000 portable power bank chargers have been recalled after overheating and causing fires, which resulted in injuries and hundreds of thousands of dollars in property damage. Recalled power bank details: Black or blue case INIU logo and paw-print LED on front of power bank Serial numbers: 000G21, 000H21, 000I21 and 000L21, which can be found on the back and bottom of the power bank The recall urges customers to immediately stop using the product and not to throw it away in the regular trash because lithium-ion batteries can catch fire.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/local/collin-county/texas-ag-ken-paxton-files-lawsuit-east-plano-islamic-center/287-af91a78c-9e90-4ffe-9516-b5e676b86938
Article: ​Paxton is accusing EPIC and CCP of violating securities laws, such as "engaging in fraudulent practices while soliciting funds." PLANO, Texas — After accusing its developers of violating securities laws and regulations in October, Texas Attorney General Ken Paxton has filed a lawsuit against the East Plano Islamic Center. “The leaders behind EPIC City have engaged in a radical plot to destroy hundreds of acres of beautiful Texas land and line their own pockets,” Paxton said in a statement. The unlawful land project known as EPIC City will be stopped, and those responsible will be barred from ever creating another fraudulent operation like this again.” Paxton is accusing EPIC and CCP of violating securities laws, such as "engaging in fraudulent practices while soliciting funds." The suit accuses the entities of releasing promotional materials implying EPIC would be illegally reserved specifically for Muslims and calling it the "epicenter of Islam in North America." The lawsuit also accuses the developers of the project of funneling much of the funds into their own pockets. EPIC recently bought just over 400 acres of property north of Josephine near the intersections of County Roads 850 and 695 for the proposed development that includes more than 1,000 homes, a school, retail areas, parks and more centered around a mosque. Greg Abbott announcing earlier this year that a dozen state agencies were investigating “potential illegal activities conducted by EPIC and its affiliated entities." KERA reports the Texas Workforce Commission agreed in September to resolve fair housing allegations against the proposed development.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/state/texas-news/texas-flood/july-4-kerr-county-floods-911-calls-released/287-86703b24-c514-4733-b423-8acb9e9e8df4
Article: The caller’s reply captured the escalating panic: "I need everything, sir!" James Wright, who called for help that morning, told WFAA "somebody needed to know we were having a flood of essentially epic proportions." Wright, who is a retired physician, calmly told the dispatcher that the situation was getting worse.

Link: https://abc13.com/post/legal-experts-believe-supreme-courts-redistricting-decision-could-impact-elections-years/18255430/
Article: Legal experts believe the Supreme Court's redistricting decision could impact elections for years After SCOTUS allowed Texas' redistricting to move forward, legal experts say the dramatic swings in certain districts will be hard to reverse. In our area, the most significant swing is district nine, which changes from southside Houston neighborhoods and parts of Fort Bend County, to east Harris County and all of rural Liberty County. The extent that members discussed race, they were trying to say they were trying to avoid racial discrimination claims, we're not saying we were using race to harm people, they were trying to avoid this." This doesn't just help Republicans in Texas.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c8r3pe81v0xo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Strictly stars gear up for Musicals week as final looms 13 minutes ago Share Save Noor Nanji Culture reporter Share Save BBC George Clarke is one of the five remaining celebrities in the show It's just two weeks to go until the final of Strictly Come Dancing 2025, and things are heating up on the ballroom floor. Amber Davies and Nikita Kuzmin - Charleston to Sit Down, You're Rockin' The Boat from Guys and Dolls - Charleston to Sit Down, You're Rockin' The Boat from Guys and Dolls Balvinder Sopal and Julian Caillon - Viennese Waltz to Never Enough from The Greatest Showman - Viennese Waltz to Never Enough from The Greatest Showman George Clarke and Alexis Warr – Argentine Tango to The Point of No Return from The Phantom of the Opera – Argentine Tango to The Point of No Return from The Phantom of the Opera Lewis Cope and Katya Jones – Salsa to Dance at the Gym from West Side Story – Salsa to Dance at the Gym from West Side Story Karen Carney and Carlos Gu - Samba to The Rhythm of Life from Sweet Charity What happened last week?

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Technology/wireStory/us-russian-crew-3-blasts-off-international-space-127923517
Article: A U.S.-Russian crew of three has started a mission to the International Space Station aboard a Russian spacecraft following a succesful launch US-Russian crew of 3 blasts off to the International Space Station in a Russian Soyuz spacecraft By The Associated Press In this photo taken from video released by Roscosmos space corporation, the Soyuz-2.1 rocket booster with Soyuz MS-28 space ship carrying NASA astronaut Chris Williams and Roscosmos cosmonauts Sergey Kud-Sverchkov and Sergey Mikaev, a new crew to the International Space Station, ISS, blasts off in Russian leased Baikonur cosmodrome, Kazakhstan, Thursday, Nov. (Roscosmos space corporation, via AP) In this photo taken from video released by Roscosmos space corporation, the Soyuz-2.1 rocket booster with Soyuz MS-28 space ship carrying NASA astronaut Chris Williams and Roscosmos cosmonauts Sergey Kud-Sverchkov and Sergey Mikaev, a new crew to the International Space Station, ISS, blasts off in Russian leased Baikonur cosmodrome, Kazakhstan, Thursday, Nov. At the International Space Station, the trio will join NASA astronauts Mike Fincke, Zena Cardman and Jonny Kim, Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency’s astronaut Kimiya Yui and Russian cosmonauts Sergei Ryzhikov, Alexei Zubritsky and Oleg Platonov.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/mlb/bo-bichette-not-target-for-al-west-team-despite-payroll-uptick-report-11166801
Article: The Toronto Blue Jays had the best record in the American League last season and made it to the World Series, but now one of their star players, Bo Bichette, is a free agent. The Athletic revealed that the Athletics are "ramping up payroll as they prepare for their move to Las Vegas in 2028." The A's have some talented players and could be a team that shocks fans next season.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/wrestling/wwe-reveals-john-cenas-final-opponent-in-retirement-match-11166837
Article: Cena will not enter his retirement match with the Intercontinental gold, as he lost the title to Mysterio in a rematch at "Survivor Series." More News: For more on WWE content, head to Newsweek Sports.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/mlb/jarren-duran-trade-christian-walker-11166718
Article: With an overflow of outfielders, Garcia — who is rated 85th among all prospects in baseball by MLB Pipeline — simply had no path to a major league roster spot with the Red Sox. 1 prospect in baseball Roman Anthony from an oblique injury to join Gold Glovers Ceddanne Rafaela and Wilyer Abreu, the odd man out appears to be 29-year-old fifth-year outfielder Jarren Duran, the 2024 All-Star Game MVP. In the Play Tessie scenario, the Red Sox ship Duran to the Houston Astros and, in return, get 11-year veteran first baseman Christian Walker, who signed with the Astros as a free agent, after eight years with the Arizona Diamondbacks, before this season for $60 million over three years. Who, for those of you who don't know, is a guaranteed 20 to 30 home runs, and excellent first baseman, even at his age of 34 right now," explained Play Tessie co-host Pat Brown. "On top of that, Bryan King, who I will take it to my grave, is the most underrated reliever in baseball." Given that the Astros only signed Walker before this season, why would they let him go for Jarren Duran? But a trade does appear inevitable, unless the Red Sox are willing to take the chance of relegating a starting player who has missed only five games in the last two seasons to the bench — a situation that rarely works out well.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/mlb/blue-jays-al-east-rival-surprisingly-eyeing-bo-bichette-report-11166674
Article: The Toronto Blue Jays went to the World Series this year, but one of their best players, Bo Bichette, is a free agent and figures to draw interest from plenty of teams.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/mlb/yankees-brewers-trade-freddy-peralta-blue-jays-11166171
Article: While Gerrit Cole and Carlos Rodón are expected to miss the start of the season, when healthy, the Yankees figure to have Cole, Fried, Rodón, Cam Schlittler and Luis Gil. However, The Athletic's Jim Bowden proposed the Yankees make this trade with the Milwaukee Brewers for Freddy Peralta: Yankees receive: RHP Freddy Peralta Brewers receive: RHP Will Warren and UTIL José Caballero ...

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/phillies-100-million-all-star-open-to-position-change-11166692
Article: I think that going to first base is something that I can do, and I would enjoy it if a team or somebody needs me to do that." The Phillies are set at first base right now with Bryce Harper firmly planted at the spot.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/ncaa/penn-state-makes-coaching-decision-terry-smith-matt-campbell-11166898
Article: After a long search following the decision to fire James Franklin, the Penn State Nittany Lions have finally found their new head coach in the former of former Iowa State lead man Matt Campbell. "Smith entertained interest from both UConn and Memphis, but his deep-rooted connection to Happy Valley and the Nittany Lion program informed his decision to stay." Over the last week, Smith's name had jumped to the top of potential candidates to be the Penn State head coach. Read more: Colorado, Deion Sanders’ Bad Year Just Got Even Worse As for Campbell, he put together a solid 72-55 record during his time at Iowa State from 2016 through 2025.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/mlb/braves-replenish-pitching-staff-with-flurry-of-roster-moves-11166121
Article: Since the regular season ended with a disappointing 76-86 record, the Braves have made lots of moves at the margins, snagging pitchers off waivers and sometimes cutting those same pitchers loose in just a couple of weeks. The 30-year-old Bido has by far the most major league experience of the group, as he has just under 200 innings under his belt and was a semi-regular member of the starting rotation for the Pittsburgh Pirates in 2023 and the A's in 2024. But he was one of the many victims of the move to West Sacramento, as he regressed from a 3.41 ERA last year to a 5.87 mark in a similar sample size this year. He's got a 6.96 ERA in 94 1/3 major league innings, and the Braves are likely banking on that number shrinking a fair amount just by virtue of escaping the altitude of Denver. He's a 31-year-old with a career 6.59 ERA in 27 big-league appearances for the New York Mets and Toronto Blue Jays, and the Braves claimed him when he was waived last month by the Baltimore Orioles.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/colorado-winter-storm-warning-map-shows-over-20-inches-of-snow-possible-11166608
Article: The Centennial State faces one of its first major winter storms of the season, with the National Weather Service (NWS) issuing warnings of significant snowfall that could reach over 20 inches in the northern and central mountain regions. According to the NWS, the areas impacted include Flat Tops, Gore and Elk Mountains, Central Mountain Valleys, West Elk, Sawatch Mountains, Elkhead and Park Mountains, Sierra Madre Range, Snowy Range, eastern Sawatch Mountains, western Mosquito Range, east Lake County above 11,000 feet, Rabbit Ears Pass, Rocky Mountain National Park, Medicine Bow Range, the Mountains of Summit County, Mosquito Range and the Indian Peaks. Below is a map of the impacted area: Twelve to 24 inches of snow could blanket Elkhead and Park Mountains, the NWS says, "with locally higher amounts possible," and wind gusts could reach up to 60 mph.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/ncaa/sec-commissioner-wants-major-change-lane-kiffin-lsu-decision-11166626
Article: All of the sudden coaching changes just days before early national signing day led to many top SEC recruits having to make tough decisions to either stay with programs bringing in a new coach, or potentially flip their commitment and look elsewhere. In turn, recruits committed to the six SEC programs that have named a new head coach in the past week would have had considerably more time to make a decision on whether to sign or not. More news: Michigan Announces Major Coaching Change After Ohio State Loss Greg Sankey laid out this exact argument during an appearance on "The Paul Finebaum Show" on Friday, asking for the national signing day to be moved back on the calendar to avoid this situation in the future. And we ought to control those.” More news: Notre Dame Advocates for Playoff Expansion After Being Placed on Bubble Sankey certainly isn't alone in his criticism of the current recruiting schedule within the sport. As the SEC commissioner alluded to, one question that arises in that scenario is where the transfer portal window would fit into a schedule with a later first signing day period.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nfl/dallas-cowboys-predicted-cut-ties-all-pro-defender-11166838
Article: After their recent three-game winning streak, which included victories over the Philadelphia Eagles and Kansas City Chiefs, the Dallas Cowboys appeared to have a real shot at making the NFL playoffs this season. There has been plenty of talk about whether the squad will retain wide receiver George Pickens, who is having an outstanding season, but according to ESPN's Dan Graziano, it also isn't a foregone conclusion that star cornerback Trevon Diggs will be back either. As recently as three years ago, he was a big-time star, as he was named to the Pro Bowl in 2021 and 2022 and had 21 passes defended and an NFL-high 11 interceptions in 2021. Read more: Steve Young Sends Bold 49ers Warning Amid Playoffs Chase If this season really is Diggs' swan song in Dallas, at least the team can look forward to having fellow starting cornerback DaRon Bland for a while.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/ncaa/kirk-herbstreit-sends-stern-warning-to-notre-dame-ahead-of-final-cfp-rankings-11166847
Article: More News: College Football Coach Shockingly Placed on Leave Before Bowl Game Because of their individual circumstances, many feel like Miami and Notre Dame could be competing for one spot in the 12-team playoff field. More News: LSU, Lane Kiffin Poaching Key Member of Ole Miss’ Remaining Staff If the playoff committee does, in fact, take their head-to-head matchup into consideration, one would assume that then favors Miami. The Hurricanes beat the Irish 27-24 in their season opener — a game they led 21-7 heading into the fourth quarter before Notre Dame staged a late comeback that was squashed by a 10-play UM scoring drive that culminated with a game-winning field goal with 1:04 left in the game.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/entertainment/tv/netflix-makes-major-announcement-about-top-drama-series-11111889
Article: We get to the end of a season and I always think, ‘Well, there’s no way that we can do this again.’ And then we dig back into it, and it’s like, ‘Oh my God, we have to keep going.’ ” ... 'The Diplomat' Season 4 Release Date Netflix has not yet announced a release date for "The Diplomat Season 4." However, it entered production in Fall 2025, and will likely be released late 2026. “Our expectations were high, and it blew right past them.” Netflix also confirms Nana Mensah, who plays White House Chief of Staff Billie Appiah, has been promoted to a series regular for the fourth season.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/how-to-watch-mavericks-vs-thunder-live-stream-nba-tv-channel-11165872
Article: How to Watch Mavericks vs Thunder When: Friday, December 5, 2025 Time: 9:30 PM ET try for free ) Live Stream: Prime Video ( Oklahoma City comes into the game riding one of the strongest starts in recent NBA memory: they are 21–1 this season, leading the Western Conference, and have looked dominant on both ends of the floor. That said, the Mavs come in on a bit of momentum with a recent win streak, and their ability to compete depends heavily on whether they can maximize effort, stay disciplined, and avoid mental lapses against a Thunder squad with playoff-level talent. You can watch the NBA, as well as other live sports, on Prime Video all season long, along with a wide array of other entertainment options available on the streaming service, which offers a free trial.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/crime/texas-porch-pirate-snatches-package-seconds-after-delivery/287-95ee6010-666c-4bab-8b4b-fc4b01511c2a
Article: The suspect was wearing the same hat and arrived in the same SUV seen in the first incident, however, a spokesperson for Fort Worth PD said they haven't received an official report on the second alleged theft.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/clydxj7my84o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: US and Ukraine negotiators say 'real progress' toward peace depends on Russia Talks in Moscow on Tuesday did not lead to a compromise on a possible peace deal in the near four-year war. "Real progress toward any agreement depends on Russia's readiness to show serious commitment to long-term peace, including steps toward de-escalation and cessation of killings," US Special Envoy Steve Witkoff and President Donald Trump's son-in-law Jared Kushner said in a joint statement with Ukraine's negotiators. They also discussed the US meeting earlier this week with Russian President Vladimir Putin, as well as Ukraine's post-war future, which includes reconstruction of the battered country and economic initiatives with the US. On Wednesday, Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky said "the world clearly feels that there is a real opportunity to end the war", but negotiations must be "backed by pressure on Russia".

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/nation-world/rudolph-the-red-nosed-reindeer-when-to-watch-holiday-staple/507-01500d7d-a270-41fd-a9e7-14d54f4df5d8
Article: The holiday favorite follows a reindeer named Rudolph as he’s excluded from the Reindeer Games because of his shiny red nose, prompting him to embark on an adventure where he meets Hermey the elf, Yukon Cornelius and the Misfit Toys, all while hiding from the Abominable Snow Monster. The network is also airing other animated holiday staples this season, including “How the Grinch Stole Christmas” and “Frosty the Snowman.” “These holiday events and specials bring audiences together in ways nothing else can,” Jen Neal, NBCUniversal Entertainment's executive vice president of live events and specials said. "NBC is your home for heartwarming traditions, joyful celebrations, and unforgettable moments.” When is “Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer” on NBC The beloved Rankin-Bass stop-motion special will air on NBC Friday, Dec.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/sports/wnba/dallas-wings/gallery-city-dallas-releases-preliminary-renderings-planned-wings-arena/287-1cc96ccc-b36d-471a-b126-117d1aca8644
Article: DALLAS — The city of Dallas published a memo to the mayor and city council Friday evening giving a first look at the new arena planned to host the Dallas Wings. According to the memo, interior planning of the building focused on the requirements of an WNBA area and team needs, as well as the flexibility needed for a wide range of events.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/6/australia-sanctions-afghan-taliban-officials-over-womens-rights-abuses?traffic_source=rss
Article: The Australian government has imposed financial sanctions and travel bans on four officials in Afghanistan’s Taliban government, citing the deteriorating human rights situation in the country, particularly for women and girls. Australia’s Foreign Minister Penny Wong said in a statement on Saturday that Canberra had established a “world-first” autonomous sanctions framework for Afghanistan, which would allow it to “directly impose its own sanctions and travel bans to increase pressure on the Taliban”. The department named the sanctioned Taliban officials as Minister for the Propagation of Virtue and the Prevention of Vice Muhammad Khalid Hanafi; Minister of Higher Education Neda Mohammad Nadeem; Minister of Justice Abdul-Hakim Sharei; and Chief Justice Abdul Hakim Haqqani. — Senator Penny Wong (@SenatorWong) December 5, 2025 Wong said the officials had been sanctioned due to their involvement “in the oppression of women and girls and in undermining good governance or the rule of law”. In July, the International Criminal Court (ICC) issued an arrest warrant for Chief Justice Haqqani, alongside the Taliban’s supreme leader, Haibatullah Akhunzada, for alleged crimes against humanity for persecuting women and girls. Announcing the sanctions, the ICC said the Taliban has “severely deprived” girls and women of the rights to education, privacy, family life and the freedoms of movement, expression, thought, conscience and religion. Since returning to power following the withdrawal of United States and NATO troops – of which Australia was a part – from Afghanistan in August 2021, the Taliban has enacted severe restrictions on the rights and freedoms of women and girls, including the right to work and study. Last year, the UN said the Taliban government had “deliberately deprived” at least 1.4 million girls of their right to an education during its time in power, totally about 80 percent of school-age girls. Afghans have also been plunged further into poverty since the Taliban takeover, fuelled in part by the ban on female participation in the workplace, with vast swaths of the country’s population now heavily reliant on humanitarian aid to survive. In her statement, Wong said the Australian government “remains deeply concerned at the deteriorating situation” in the country, continuing that a “humanitarian permit” had been carved out in the new sanctions framework, allowing the continued provision of aid.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nfl/browns-qb-shedeur-sanders-popularity-tops-all-nfl-players-in-new-ranking-11166949
Article: The polarizing signal-caller has been front-and-center ever since his massive draft fall, where he was expected to go in the first round but didn’t hear his name called until Round 5. Now that he’s Cleveland’s starting QB — a role that appears to be his for the rest of the season barring any crazy, unforeseen circumstances — Sanders seems to be auditioning for the QB1 job in 2026. “I think it’s going to be Shedeur the rest of the way because I think they do see something in him, and they want to know do they need to draft a quarterback in April,” Browns insider Mary Kay Cabot recently said. In fact, the 23-year-old QB is one of the more popular players in the NFL — not just among rookies (Sanders led all first-year players in jersey sales this season). According to Google Trends, Sanders was the seventh-most searched person, the third-most searched athlete, behind only professional boxer Terence Crawford and PGA Tour star Rory McIlroy, and the most-searched NFL player in the world in 2025.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/report-double-strike-vessel-was-not-bound-for-u-s-sparks-reactions-online-11166875
Article: military executed lethal strikes against in September was headed to link up with a larger vessel bound for Suriname, Admiral Frank “Mitch” Bradley told lawmakers this week, according to the network's sources. military double-strike in the Caribbean on September 2 was not immediately en route to the United States—as initially stated by the Trump administration—but was meeting another vessel headed for Suriname. According to CNN, Bradley, who oversaw the operation, told lawmakers that the allegedly drug-laden boat was preparing to rendezvous with a larger vessel destined for Suriname, not directly to the United States. Bradley maintained in his congressional briefing that there was still a "possibility the drug shipment could have ultimately made its way from Suriname to the U.S," CNN reports, citing sources. Although the Trump administration initially characterized the strike as a necessary measure against imminent threats to the U.S., the new details potentially undercut arguments that the boat directly threatened American shores. Defense Secretary Pete Hegseth reposted President Donald Trump's comment on the day of the strikes, in which the president in part said: "The strike occurred while the terrorists were at sea in International waters transporting illegal narcotics, heading to the United States." CNN also reports, citing sources, that the survivors were seen waving at something in the air, Bradley said. Yes, that's the OTHER DIRECTION." Tim Miller, host of The Bulwark Podcast, on X Friday: "Critical that we use US tax dollars to conduct summary executions at sea in order protect the children of Suriname from cocaine" Law professor Joe Mastrosimone, also on X Friday: "Glad we murdered two people to save the good people of Suriname from cocaine.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cn09zp87pz8o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: New clashes break out between Pakistan and Taliban Fighting broke out close to the Afghan border city of Spin Boldak, which has seen deadly clashes in recent months (pictured October 2025) Sporadic fighting has repeatedly broken out between the two in recent months, while Afghanistan's Taliban government has also accused Pakistan of carrying out air strikes inside the country. Pakistan remains fully alert & committed to ensuring its territorial integrity & the safety our citizens." Meanwhile, a Taliban spokesperson said Pakistan had "once again initiated attacks" and said it was forced to respond. Footage from the area showed a large number of Afghans fleeing on foot and in vehicles, with people in neighbouring towns also leaving in fear of the renewed fighting spreading.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/health/kids-health/lawyer-rfk-jr-vaccine-misinformation-cdc-panel-rcna247607
Article: An anti-vaccine lawyer who has regularly sued federal and state health agencies spoke Friday at a meeting of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention’s vaccine advisory panel — an unheard-of departure for the committee, which for decades was a trusted source for vaccine recommendations. Art Caplan, head of the division of medical ethics at NYU Langone Medical Center, said Siri’s presence at the meeting suggests that the panel, known formally as the Advisory Committee on Immunization Practices, is “trying to use a pre-committed ideology to get where they want to go, which is to get rid of childhood vaccination.” “This is a science issue, and he’s the wrong guy, with the wrong conflicts, with the wrong style, with the wrong information,” Caplan said. However, public health experts say there’s a legitimate reason not to use a placebo in some cases: It would be unethical to withhold the benefit of a vaccine from study participants, so trials often test new vaccines against older versions. “Inert placebo-controlled trials exist for most of the routine childhood vaccines, including large studies using saline or sterile water controls published in major journals.” Scott testified before Congress in September that his research team had documented 398 randomized control trials that evaluate the active ingredients in childhood vaccines and use inert placebos such as saline or sterile water. Cody Meissner, a pediatrician and the only ACIP member who has previously served on the committee, said Siri’s presentation was “a terrible, terrible distortion of all the facts.” “For you to come here and make these absolutely outrageous statements about safety, it’s a big disappointment to me and I don’t think you should have been invited, I will be completely honest,” Meissner said during the meeting. Siri’s unorthodox presentation followed a day and a half of chaotic proceedings, in which advisory members and presenters made false claims about the safety and efficacy of hepatitis B vaccines and cherry-picked data. Kennedy fired the previous members of the advisory panel in June over what he claimed were “persistent conflicts of interest,” and replaced them with a group that has largely expressed skepticism of vaccines.

Link: https://www.morningbrew.com/stories/2025/12/06/eu-fines-x-deceptive-blue-checkmarks?utm_source=&utm_medium=syndication&utm_campaign=feed
Article: Three years, some check mark updates, and one name change later, X got fined $140 million by the EU yesterday for violating the bloc’s transparency rules for online platforms—and US officials are not amused. European officials claim X violated the law in three ways, saying: X’s blue check mark system—which signifies an X Premium subscription, not identity verification—is “deceptive” puts users at risk of scams, impersonation fraud, and manipulation. Requests for access are met with “excessive delays.” X also prohibits independent researchers from accessing its public data, “undermining research into several systemic risks in the European Union.” X and Musk haven’t commented publicly yet, but previously said they’d challenge any fine. Ahead of the EU’s decision, US Vice President JD Vance posted on X that “The EU should be supporting free speech not attacking American companies over garbage.” European regulators are also probing Apple, Google, and Meta for DSA violations.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/florida-kicks-off-black-bear-hunt-decade-despite-128166818
Article: -- For the first time in a decade, hunters armed with rifles and crossbows are fanning out across Florida's swamps and flatwoods to legally hunt the Florida black bear, over the vocal opposition of critics. The state-sanctioned hunt began Saturday, after drawing more than 160,000 applications for a far more limited number of hunting permits, including from opponents who are trying to reduce the number of bears killed in this year's hunt, the state's first since 2015. The Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission awarded 172 bear hunt permits by random lottery for this year's season, allowing hunters to kill one bear each in areas where the population is deemed large enough. At least 43 of the permits went to opponents of the hunt who never intend to use them, according to the Florida chapter of the Sierra Club, which encouraged critics to apply in the hopes of saving bears. The Florida black bear population is considered one of the state's conservation success stories, having grown from just several hundred bears in the 1970s to an estimated more than 4,000 today. The regulated hunt will help incentivize maintaining healthy bear populations, and help fund the work that is needed, according to Mark Barton of the Florida chapter of Backcountry Hunters and Anglers, an advocacy group that supported the hunt. This year’s hunting plan has more stringent rules than the 2015 hunt, in which permits were provided to anyone who could pay for them, resulting in more than 3,700 permits issued. The president of a local hunting club, Moore is generally supportive of the new regulations for the bear hunt, even though he and his family members weren't issued a permit this year. Moore described the management of the 2015 hunt as “fouled up” and “totally wrong" but said, “they’re doing it right this time." Backers of the hunt have said that growing numbers of bears present a safety problem, with local officials sharing reports of bears on porches, rooting through garbage cans and roaming neighborhoods and playgrounds. “Somewhere out there a bear will be walking the grounds of the Panhandle, and I gave them a stay of execution,” said Joel Cleveland, an opponent of the hunt who was issued one of the permits.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cn0k2858jj1o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Driving-test touts offer instructors £250 monthly kickbacks 10 minutes ago Share Save NJ Convery, Bobbi Huyton and Abi Smitton BBC News Investigations Share Save Watch the BBC confront Anil Ahmed, 34, who buys driving instructors' login details and then sells tests online at a mark-up. He says the claims we put to him are a "complete fabrication" Driving instructors are being offered kickbacks of up to £250 a month to sell their official test-booking login details to touts, a BBC investigation has found. Touts use these login details to book driving tests in bulk and sell them to learners on WhatsApp and Facebook, charging as much as £500 for tests that should cost no more than £75. We have also uncovered evidence that the outgoing head of the Driver and Vehicle Standards Agency (DVSA), Loveday Ryder, was told about these operations in February - yet some sellers reported to the DVSA are still operating. We have not been able to identify specific driving instructors selling their details but our conversations with these touts, the sheer volume of tests they are selling, and images of test-booking systems shared on WhatsApp suggest hundreds of rogue instructors might be involved. Instructors we spoke to welcomed the Department of Transport's (DfT) proposals, but also said they had been raising these issues for some time and now want to know whether the government will root out rogue teachers. The BBC has seen tests for sale - specifying dates, times and locations - in WhatsApp conversations We were first alerted to the concerns about touts by an instructor in West Yorkshire, who emailed the BBC's Your Voice inbox. They told us they had been approached by someone offering £250 a month to buy their login details to the system that instructors use to book tests, called Online Business Service (OBS). We decided to investigate and immediately found Facebook groups, Snapchat accounts and WhatsApp communities where hundreds of test slots were being posted for sale every day, costing up to £500 each. Once touts are able to login, they then use learners' licence details - harvested from customers buying tests from them - to book slots, which they then sell at inflated prices to other learners desperate to ditch their L plates. Ian Pinto, who alerted us to a tout, says his children have spent two years trying to book driving tests Ian Pinto from St Albans in Hertfordshire - whose children, aged 20 and 18, have spent the past two years trying to get driving tests - said: "These people are taking advantage of kids and I don't want my kids' friends being taken advantage of by these guys." One of the most popular resellers in Mr Pinto's area is "Ahadeen". Watch "Ahadeen" offering £100 a month in exchange for DVSA login details The tout told us he could get driving tests at any centre in Great Britain and sell them to learners for between £222 and £242 per test. He explained how we, as a driving instructor, could buy a test slot from him for £192 and then sell it to a learner driver for up to £300, though he did add that this mark-up is perhaps "unethical". This helped us confirm Ahadeen's identity as Anil Ahmed, as he gave us a phone number that was the same one we had WhatsApped Ahadeen on, and an address that public records show is linked to the name Anil Ahmed. The man responded to the name Anil as we approached but later denied he was Mr Ahmed When confronted in person, he refused to directly answer our questions and tried to deny being Mr Ahmed, even though he responded to the name Anil as we approached him. Driving instructor Peter Brooks, who teaches in Oxfordshire, wrote a letter in February to the head of the DVSA, Loveday Ryder, providing evidence that he and colleagues had gathered on Jamal. In a subsequent FOI response, the DVSA told us that as of the 17 November it had closed 346 OBS accounts belonging to driving instructors for breaches of terms and conditions. At Great Britain's busiest driving test centre, Goodmayes in east London, 23-year-old student Md Rahmath Ullah Mehedi told us he had paid a tout £120 for a slot in March. If I could afford it, I'd pay again for a test even sooner but they're asking for £400-£500 for tests in December." His instructor, Asif Darbar, who runs Busy Bee Driving School, said he couldn't remember the last time one of his students booked a test through the official route. Another instructor, Jag Singh, told us: "One of my students just failed and he was in tears because his parents are going to have to pay over £500 for another test.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/6/palestinian-groups-express-grave-concerns-over-marwan-barghoutis-safety?traffic_source=rss
Article: Palestinian groups have expressed “grave concerns” about the safety of jailed political figure Marwan Barghouti after his son reported receiving a call about Israeli guards allegedly torturing the popular leader in an Israeli prison. In the deleted post, Qassam said he had received a call from a person identifying themselves as a Palestinian prisoner and who said Israeli prison guards had beaten his father severely, leaving him “physically shattered”. The person, who called from an Israeli number, said that the guards had broken Barghouti’s ribs, teeth and cut off a part of his father’s ear for “entertainment”, according to Qassam. “This act is a direct continuation of the organised terrorism policy implemented by the occupation regime against the families of prisoners, in an attempt to break their will and psychologically blackmail them,” the society, which represents Palestinians imprisoned by Israel, said in a statement shared on Telegram on Friday. In a statement carried by the Wafa news agency, the presidency said on Friday that it held the Israeli government fully responsible for the Fatah leader’s safety and the safety of all Palestinian prisoners in Israeli prisons. Meanwhile, Ofer Cassif, a member of Israel’s parliament from the left-wing, Arab-majority Hadash-Ta’al party, said he spoke to Barghouti’s family about the call and the reports that “Marwan’s teeth, ribs and fingers being broken and his ear being cut off”. The developments came soon after Barghouti’s family launched the global “Free Marwan” campaign calling for his release earlier this week, saying that they feared he may die while in Israeli prison. A video broadcast by Israel’s Channel 12 at the time showed Ben-Gvir telling the captive, “You won’t win.” It marked the first sighting of Barghouti in years, with relatives noting his “shocking” appearance caused by “exhaustion and hunger”. As of November 2025, more than 9,300 Palestinian prisoners are being held in Israeli prisons, including 3,368 held under administrative detention without charge or trial, according to Palestinian prisoners’ rights organisations. Physicians for Human Rights Israel (PHRI), in a report in November, accused Israeli authorities of “systematic killings and coverups” and said fewer than 30 Palestinians had died in Israeli custody in the preceding years. On Thursday, the Commission of Detainees and Ex-Detainees Affairs and the Palestinian Prisoner’s Society said that it had confirmed that three more prisoners from Gaza had died in Israeli detention.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/6/canada-removes-syria-from-list-of-states-that-support-terrorism?traffic_source=rss
Article: Canada has removed Syria from its list of states that support “terrorism”, citing a similar move by the United States as well as efforts by Syrian President Ahmed al-Sharaa’s government to “advance” the country’s stability. “These measures are in line with recent decisions taken by our allies, including the United Kingdom and the United States, and follows the efforts by the Syrian transitional government to advance Syria’s stability, build an inclusive and secure future for its citizens, and work alongside global partners to reinforce regional stability and counter terrorism,” it said. Advertisement The US partially suspended sanctions against Syria in June and then extended the suspension in November, following talks between al-Sharaa and his American counterpart, Donald Trump, at the White House. The interim leader also addressed the United Nations General Assembly earlier this year, saying that his country is “reclaiming its rightful place among the nations of the world” and has sought to strengthen economic ties with the US and the European Union.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/football/articles/cvg8686k3xpo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: If England get off to a great start against Croatia and go on to win their group, they would play a third-placed team in the first knockout stage, in Atlanta. If we were to take a guess, that would probably involve Ecuador, Ivory Coast, Saudi Arabia, Cape Verde, Senegal, Norway, Austria, Algeria, Uzbekistan or the winner of the DR Congo play-off path. England would move into the other half of the bracket and fly to Toronto to take on the runners-up of Group K, and the odds are that would be Colombia.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/cricket/articles/c0q58yj40z2o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: With England needing four wickets to wrap up the Australia first innings in order to keep their Ashes hopes alive, fast bowler Archer was seen before play at the Gabba with a pillow tucked under his arm. The Sussex man had bowled 25 overs by the first interval on the third day in Brisbane, his second-most in a Test innings since 2019 – beaten by the 26.1 he bowled in the first innings of the fourth Test against India at Old Trafford, the second match of his comeback.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/football/articles/cvg8p58862zo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Runners-up at the past two European Championships and World Cup quarter-finalists in Qatar three years ago, there is genuine hope that this will be the Three Lions' year under new head coach Thomas Tuchel. European champions Spain were close to joining England with a perfect campaign, but a 2-2 draw against Turkey in their final qualifying match put the only small blemish on their record. Germany, who lost their opening qualifier but won the next five on the spin to book their place, are also highly fancied by the bookmakers and data experts, while Switzerland, the Netherlands, Belgium, Croatia and Norway were also unbeaten in European qualifying. Brazil are the only team to ever win back-to-back World Cups, in 1958 and 1962, but with Lionel Messi expected to feature, Argentina will be among the favourites for glory. Surprise semi-finalists in Qatar, Morocco won all eight of their African qualifying matches and could again pose a threat to the traditional big nations, while Egypt, Senegal, Ivory Coast and Tunisia were also unbeaten. Cristiano Ronaldo has announced this will be his final World Cup and his Portugal side should not be discounted, while Euro 2020 champions Italy will have to come through the play-offs to qualify for the World Cup but can never be ruled out on the big stage.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/doj-detail-legal-advice-noem-el-salvador-deportations/story?id=128164220
Article: Department of Justice officials, citing privilege, did not disclose details on the legal advice given to Department of Homeland Security Secretary Kristi Noem about the decision to continue the deportation of more than 100 Venezuelans to El Salvador in March. The court filings Friday were submitted after DOJ lawyers said in a filing last week that Noem directed the deportation flights to continue despite Boasberg's order to return the planes to the U.S. Ronda Churchill/AP In her declaration, Noem confirmed she made the decision to continue the transfer of the detainees after receiving legal advice from DOJ leadership and from Joseph Mazarra, the acting general counsel of DHS. In a separate filing, DOJ attorneys said it would be "prejudicial and constitutionally improper" to compel testimony from the officials who submitted declarations in advance of a referral for prosecution. In this handout photo provided by the Salvadoran government, guards escort a newly admitted inmate allegedly linked to criminal organizations at CECOT on March 16, 2025 in Tecoluca, El Salvador. Handout/Salvadoran Government via Getty "[The] Court has all the information it needs to make a referral if it believes one to be justified, and further factual inquiry by the Court would raise constitutional and privilege concerns," the DOJ attorneys stated. In response to the declarations, Lee Gelernt, the lead attorney for the American Civil Liberties Union, which has challenged the AEA deportations in court, told ABC News "the Trump administration is again refusing to cooperate with a federal court." In March, the Trump administration invoked the AEA -- an 18th-century wartime authority used to remove noncitizens with little-to-no due process -- to deport two planeloads of alleged migrant gang members to the CECOT mega-prison in El Salvador by arguing that the Venezuelan gang Tren de Aragua is a "hybrid criminal state" that is invading the United States. In a March 15 court hearing, Boasberg issued a temporary restraining order and ordered that the planes carrying the detainees be turned around, but Justice Department attorneys have said his oral instructions directing the flight to be returned were defective, and the deportations proceeded as planned.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/released-911-calls-reveal-desperate-pleas-tragic-outcomes-128166649
Article: Newly released recordings of 911 calls show Texas residents and staffers at Camp Mystic caught up in the catastrophic flooding in July pleaded for help as rushing waters rise around them, stranding them in attics and on roofs FILE - A lone tree stands in the debris from structures that were wiped out after a massive earthquake and tsunami hit Palu, Central Sulawesi, Indonesia, Thursday, Oct. (AP Photo/Aaron Favila, File) FILE - A lone tree stands in the debris from structures that were wiped out after a massive earthquake and tsunami hit Palu, Central Sulawesi, Indonesia, Thursday, Oct. The sheer volume of calls would overwhelm two county emergency dispatchers on duty in the Texas Hill Country as catastrophic flooding inundated cabins and youth camps along the Guadalupe River. “We can’t get out of our cabin, so how do we get to the boats?” Amazingly, everyone in the cabin and the rest of campers at Camp La Junta were rescued. One woman called for help as the water closed in on her house near Camp Mystic, a century-old summer camp for girls, where 25 campers and two teenage counselors died. The 911 recordings show that relatives and friends outside of the unfolding disaster and those who had made it to safety had called to get help for loved ones trapped in the flooding. “I don't know.” ___ Associated Press reporters Claudia Lauer in Philadelphia; Heather Hollingsworth in Mission, Kansas; Ed White in Detroit; Safiyah Riddle in Montgomery, Alabama; John Seewer in Toledo, Ohio; and Mike Catalini in Trenton, New Jersey, contributed.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/winning-numbers-drawn-fridays-mega-millions-128167003
Article: The winning numbers in Friday evening’s drawing of the "Mega Millions" game were: 34-38-42-44-69, Mega Ball: 8, Megaplier: The Associated Press By The Associated Press The winning numbers in Friday evening’s drawing of the "Mega Millions" game were: 34-38-42-44-69, Mega Ball: 8 (thirty-four, thirty-eight, forty-two, forty-four, sixty-nine, Mega Ball: eight Estimated jackpot: $50 million For more lottery results, go to Jackpot.com | Order Lottery Tickets

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/ukrainian-women-embrace-combat-roles-technology-reshapes-battlefield-128166548
Article: More women in Ukraine are joining the military in combat roles thanks to advances in technology A Ukrainian drone operator from the Kraken 1654 unit, callsign Imla, flies a Vampire drone during a demonstration for The Associated Press, Wednesday, Nov. (AP Photo/Julia Demaree Nikhinson) KHARKIV, Ukraine -- When Russia’s full-scale invasion began nearly four years ago, a 26-year-old soldier known as Monka didn’t see a combat role she could do. Last year, she joined the military as a pilot of short-range, first-person view, or FPV, drones after giving up a job managing a restaurant abroad and returning home to Ukraine to serve. “The fact that technology lets us deliver ammunition without carrying it in our hands or running it to the front line — that’s incredible,” said Monka, who serves in the Unmanned Systems Battalion of the Third Army Corps. More than 70,000 women served in Ukraine's military in 2025, a 20% increase compared to 2022, including over 5,500 deployed directly on the front line, according to Ukraine’s Defense Ministry. Some units have tailored recruitment efforts toward women, expanding rosters in a sign that Ukraine is looking to strengthen and expand its army even as peace negotiations weigh a possible cap on the future size of the military. “But then, over time, you build up experience on the job and start feeling confident.” The Khartiia Corps has taken more women into its ranks, reporting a 20% increase since 2024. About six months ago, the brigade launched a recruitment campaign aimed at women for combat and technological roles in cooperation with the Dignitas Foundation, a charity organization supporting Ukraine by funding technological innovation and civic development projects. “The more technology we have, like drones, the more historically male professions open up." Khartiia has started training officers and future commanders on how to work with mixed units including people of different ages, genders and backgrounds, which Dehtyarov said helps commanders become more effective leaders. You’re just a person like everyone else." Chibi, a 20-year-old FPV technician from the Khartiia Brigade, prepares drones for the battlefield from a dark damp basement near the front line in eastern Ukraine. "The more women there are, the better the attitude toward them will be.” Olha Meloshyna, the spokesperson for Ukraine’s Unmanned Systems Forces, says the belief that drone roles are safer is wrong, as Russians actively hunt drone operators.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Entertainment/wireStory/mexican-composer-turns-fire-ritual-musical-journey-renewal-128167189
Article: Mexican composer María Leonora relies on fire, ritual and Mesoamerican tradition to shape her immersive concerts Mexican composer Maria Leonora performs her series she calls “Through All the Fire,” at the Sergio Magaña Theater in Mexico City, Friday, Nov. Even if you don’t want to, heat breaks you.” Temazcales had a ritual function and a cosmological significance for Mesoamerican cultures, wrote archaeologist Agustín Ortiz in a publication from Mexico’s National Institute of Anthropology and History. Temazcales remain in use today, but their earliest forms have been found in Maya cities such as Chichén Itzá and Palenque, and in sites like Tlatelolco and Teotihuacán in central Mexico. “It’s a means for you to dig up and find things about yourself.” She describes her shows as “immersive concerts,” meaning that sound, lights and visuals play a role in shaping the attendees’ involvement. In a video released by Mexico City’s Ministry of Culture in late November, a young man who had seen María Leonora’s performances on three occasions said each experience had felt deeply gratifying. “To dive into an internal journey.” “Through All the Fire” starts with her voice inviting the audience into crossing the “salt circle,” which means to leave behind the outside world. “The moment comes to walk through the fire, as you would do in a temazcal.” To liberate themselves with her, attendees are encouraged to howl, scream or engage in whatever ritual they feel they need. “You can look back into your life and move forward toward luminosity.” ____ Associated Press religion coverage receives support through the AP’s collaboration with The Conversation US, with funding from Lilly Endowment Inc.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/liveblog/2025/12/6/doha-forum-2025-live-gaza-ukraine-wars-in-focus-as-policy-leaders-gather?traffic_source=rss
Article: blinking-dot Live updates Live updates, Doha Forum 2025 live: Gaza, Ukraine wars in focus as policy leaders gather World leaders, high-level diplomats and business executives take part in annual platform held in Qatar’s capital.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/6/arab-muslim-nations-reject-israels-exit-only-plan-for-rafah-crossing?traffic_source=rss
Article: Gaza mediators Egypt and Qatar, and six other Muslim-majority countries have raised the alarm over Israel’s stated plan for a one-way opening of the Rafah border crossing, which would allow Palestinians to leave their territory, but not to return, and block the entry of humanitarian aid. The foreign ministers of Egypt, Indonesia, Jordan, Pakistan, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Turkiye and the United Arab Emirates issued a joint statement on Saturday that expressed “deep concern” over a recent military announcement that the “Rafah Crossing will open in the coming days exclusively for the exit of residents from the Gaza Strip to Egypt”. The announcement, which breaches Israeli obligations under the first phase of a United States-led peace plan, was made on Wednesday by an Israeli military unit called the Coordination of Government Activities in the Territories (COGAT), stating that one-way crossing would be allowed with Israeli “security approval” in coordination with Egypt. However, on Saturday, Egypt and its cosignatories slammed the plan, expressing their “complete rejection of any attempts to displace the Palestinian people from their land” and stressing the need for Israel to fully comply with US President Donald Trump’s 20-point plan, which calls for the Rafah crossing to be opened in both directions. Eight Arab and Islamic countries issued a joint statement expressing their deep concern over Israeli statements about opening the Rafah crossing in one direction, allowing Gaza residents to leave for Egypt#MOFAQatar pic.twitter.com/sW3Gg7rd09 — Ministry of Foreign Affairs - Qatar (@MofaQatar_EN) December 5, 2025 The Rafah crossing has been mostly closed throughout the war. Advertisement Since the October 10 ceasefire took effect under Trump’s plan, Israeli authorities have stalled on reopening it to allow desperately needed aid to enter and people requiring medical treatment to leave, citing Hamas’s failure to return the bodies of all captives and the need for coordination with Egypt. The ministers said they appreciated Trump’s peace efforts, which foresee the formation of a technocratic Palestinian government supported by a multinational stabilisation force under the supervision of an international “Board of Peace”, insisting that his plan move forward “without delay or obstruction”. They urged that conditions be established allowing the Palestinian Authority to “resume its responsibilities in Gaza”, calling for “sustainable peace” that would enable the two-state solution to be rolled out, with “an independent Palestinian state on the June 4, 1967 borders, including Gaza and the West Bank, with East Jerusalem as its capital”. Arab and other Muslim countries, which had expressed interest in providing troops for an international stabilisation force (ISF), had insisted the US include more defined language about Palestinian self-determination in the plan before a United Nations Security Council vote last month.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/6/thousands-protest-in-berlin-against-new-german-military-conscription-bill?traffic_source=rss
Article: About 3,000 people have taken to the streets of Berlin to protest against Germany’s new military service bill, after Bundestag politicians backed the legislation intended to bolster the country’s armed forces. Tess Datzer, an 18-year-old protester in the German capital, said she felt it was unfair for her generation to have to go to war “for a country that does little for us”. The military service bill sets ambitious expansion goals for the Bundeswehr, as Germany’s armed forces are known, with a target of up to 260,000 active soldiers – up from 183,000 currently – and 200,000 reservists by 2035. Countries across Europe – including France, Italy and Belgium, as well as the Nordic and Baltic states – are moving to expand voluntary service and strengthen mandatory conscription in their armed forces in response to Russian provocation. European leaders and intelligence services believe Russia could mount an assault elsewhere on the continent, with Germany’s top military official, Carsten Breuer, saying in 2024 that Moscow could be ready to attack NATO countries in five to eight years’ time. In late November, announcing the reintroduction of a limited form of military service in France 25 years after conscription was formally ended, President Emmanuel Macron said, “the only way to avoid danger is to prepare for it”. In the meantime, European leaders have accused Moscow of engaging in a form of hybrid warfare – including infrastructure sabotage, drone infiltrations and cyberattacks – as President Vladimir Putin tests NATO’s limits. United States President Donald Trump’s apparent waning commitment to the alliance – accusing Europe of taking advantage of Washington and calling on the continent to become more militarily self-reliant – has also pushed European leaders to act.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/06/the-history-of-nuclear-energy-lies-on-british-soil-does-its-future-.html
Article: Nuclear energy accounted for just 14% of the U.K.'s power supply in 2023, according to the most recent data from the International Energy Agency, trailing its European peers and well behind frontrunner France at 65%. A facility had been built there to produce plutonium, but when the US successfully designed a nuclear bomb that used tritium, the facility was used to produce it for the UK. Operators at first worried that e Photo: George Freston | Hulton Archive | Getty Images Most SMRs use light water reactor technology – think of the planned large-scale nuclear plant Sizewell C, just "shrunk down," said Abeysundra – which is tried and tested. Zoom In Icon Arrows pointing outwards Nuclear share of total electricity (2023) IEA SMRs "probably" do have a role — "they can clearly be more nimble" — but it will take time to roll them out, Jackson said, casting doubt on the U.K.'s ability to be a leader in nuclear, as France and China are already miles ahead. government body Great British Energy-Nuclear is set to identify sites for an additional large-scale plant, having already acquired one in Gloucestershire, in the west of England, as well as the site in Wales. "Sizewell C will deliver clean electricity for the equivalent of six million of today's households for at least six decades, and the UK's first small modular reactors at Wylfa will power the equivalent of three million homes, bringing energy security," they added. It pioneered fresh funding mechanisms to make large-scale nuclear projects investible so that they are less reliant on direct government funding, such as a Contract for Differences, which was used for Hinkley Point C. The U.K.'s advanced modular reactor hopeful Newcleo, which uses lead for cooling, moved its headquarters from London to Paris in 2024 — a strategic move to deepen its European footprint. "There is so much knowledge, innovation, and that can-do attitude, which I don't see as much in other nations," she said, pointing to the U.K.'s trailblazing role in the Industrial Revolution and establishment of offshore wind energy. government positioned nuclear energy as a key element of the future clean energy workforce in its Clean Energy Jobs Plan released in October, while its national roadmap for nuclear skills, set out in 2024, focuses on apprenticeships, PhDs and upskilling mid-career workers. Global demand for uranium could rise by nearly a third by 2030 and more than double by 2040, according to the World Nuclear Association, adding further reliance on a select few countries and pressure on developers.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/05/will-the-netflix-warner-bros-deal-go-through-using-options-to-trade-the-uncertainty.html
Article: NFLX YTD mountain Netflix, YTD Despite the streaming king's stock being about 25% off its all-time high, the stock has soared from being cut in half in 2022 when it was trading around $16 a share. And technically, Netflix has tucked under both 50-day and 200-day moving averages and its RSI level is creeping closer to oversold territory with a current RSI level of around 35. The Trade (Sold a Call Spread) Sold the $105 1/16/26 call for $4.30 Bought the $115 1/16/26 call for $1.30 Netflix was chopping around $103 when executed An investor will collect $3.00 per spread or $300. All opinions expressed by the CNBC Pro contributors are solely their opinions and do not reflect the opinions of CNBC, NBC UNIVERSAL, their parent company or affiliates, and may have been previously disseminated by them on television, radio, internet or another medium.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/6/iaea-flags-damage-to-chornobyl-nuclear-plants-protective-shield?traffic_source=rss
Article: A drone strike has damaged a protective shield at the Chornobyl nuclear plant in Ukraine, rendering it unable to contain the radioactive material from the 1986 explosion of the plant, the United Nations nuclear watchdog said. The agency found the drone impact had degraded the shield in February, in a strike Ukraine has accused Russia of carrying out, with the two countries’ ongoing conflict now in its fourth year. Throughout the war, Russia and Ukraine have accused each other of blocking the rotation of staff from the IAEA at the Zaporizhzhia facility and of risking a potentially devastating nuclear disaster by attacking the site. IAEA Director General Rafael Grossi said in a statement that the inspection “mission confirmed that the [protective structure] had lost its primary safety functions, including the confinement capability, but also found that there was no permanent damage to its load-bearing structures or monitoring systems”. The UN reported on February 14 that Ukrainian authorities said a drone with a high-explosive warhead struck the plant, caused a fire and damaged the protective cladding around reactor number four, which was destroyed in the 1986 Chornobyl explosion. Russia occupied the plant and the surrounding area for more than a month in the first weeks of its February 2022 invasion of Ukraine as its forces initially tried to advance on the Ukrainian capital, Kyiv. US President Donald Trump’s special envoy Steve Witkoff has been holding talks with Ukraine’s senior negotiator Rustem Umerov in Miami, Florida, after Witkoff met Russian President Vladimir Putin in Moscow earlier this week.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/6/heavy-rains-hamper-recovery-as-death-toll-from-floods-in-asia-exceeds-1750?traffic_source=rss
Article: Rescue teams and volunteers have been struggling to assist millions of people affected by floods and landslides in parts of Asia, as the official death toll from the ongoing climate-fuelled disaster has climbed to more than 1,750 people in the worst-affected countries of Indonesia, Sri Lanka and Thailand. In Indonesia, at least 867 people were confirmed dead and 521 were still missing, according to the latest data on Saturday from the island of Sumatra in Aceh province, where more than 800,000 people have also been displaced. In Sri Lanka, the government has confirmed 607 deaths, with another 214 people missing and feared dead, in what President Anura Kumara Dissanayake has called the country’s most challenging natural disaster. The floods also caused at least 276 deaths in Thailand, while two people were killed in Malaysia and two people died in Vietnam after heavy rains triggered more than a dozen landslides, according to state media. On Indonesia’s Sumatra, many survivors were still struggling to recover from the flash floods and landslides that hit last week as Indonesia’s meteorological agency warned Aceh could see “very heavy rain” through Saturday, with North and West Sumatra also at risk. In Sri Lanka, where more than two million people – nearly 10 percent of the population- have been affected, officials warned on Friday of continuing heavy rains causing new landslide risks. Climate change, logging contribute to disasters Last week’s flood came as two typhoons and a cyclone swept through the region at the same time, causing heavy rains, which experts told Al Jazeera are becoming more likely due to climate change. Indonesia’s Forestry Minister Raja Juli Antoni said on Friday that his office was revoking the logging licences of 20 companies, covering an area of ​​750,000 hectares (1.8m acres), including in flood-affected areas in Sumatra, Indonesia’s Antara news agency reported. Environment Minister Hanif Faisol Nurofiq also “immediately” halted the activities of palm oil, mining, and power plant companies operating upstream of the disaster-hit areas in northern Sumatra on Saturday, according to Antara. Febi Dwirahmadi, Indonesian programme coordinator for the Centre for Environment and Population Health at Griffith University in Australia, told Al Jazeera that rainforest cover “acts like a sponge” absorbing water during heavy rainfall.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cx25039ddlro?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Five takeaways from the blockbuster Netflix-Warner Brothers deal 10 hours ago Share Save Natalie Sherman , Business reporter , Danielle Kaye , Business reporter and Christal Hayes , Los Angeles senior reporter Share Save Warner Brothers Discovery Netflix is buying Warner Brothers' streaming services, including HBO, known for shows like Game of Thrones It sounds like a simple merger deal, but it's got all the ingredients of a Hollywood drama: a rich and powerful suitor, political intrigue, and plenty of cliff-hangers. Netflix is becoming even more powerful Netflix has been pulling ahead in Hollywood for years now, ranking as the world's biggest streaming subscription service and largest producer of new content in California. Murray Close/Getty Images Warner Bros owns the rights to the Harry Potter films The deal will unite beloved historic franchises like Looney Tunes, Harry Potter and Friends and HBO hits like Succession, Sex and the City and Game of Thrones under the same roof as Netflix's less conventional output, including Stranger Things and KPop Demon Hunters. Streaming is the future and Hollywood feels cast aside Warner Bros is one of the studios that defined Hollywood, creating classics such as Casablanca, Gone with the Wind and the The Exorcist. "With this deal it is official: legacy media is ending." Netflix has promised to keep releasing films in cinemas, a decision that makes some sense as it will be acquiring the DC superhero franchise, films that do very well in movie theatres. Titanic director James Cameron was one of many in Hollywood to greet the deal with dismay, warning just before it was announced, that he thought it would prove a "disaster" for the industry. Warner Brothers Discovery Succession, starring Jeremy Strong and Sarah Snook, drew large audiences for HBO The biggest question however, is whether the deal will get approval from competition regulators in the US and Europe - something that could pose a major challenge. Rebecca Haw Allensworth, a professor at Vanderbilt Law School, said usually a merger like this would be a "clear-cut case for a challenge", typically pushing for better terms for consumers.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c9qe0yyj19zo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: 'I let loose' - artist transforms her entire house 1 day ago Share Save Emma Ruminski Devon Share Save BBC Emily Powell hand-painted every inch of her home with vibrant pictures of things that are important to her family A terraced family home has been turned into a lived-in work of art with paintings spanning from floor to ceiling in every room. Local exhibitions have included showing a body of work from her residency in the Isles of Scilly and work she painted in the Arctic, which she put on display at her studio on Dartmoor at Ullacombe Farm. Alun Callender The dining room features paintings of Delftware pottery on the walls and table, a reminder of Powell's time in Holland Powell painted the living room red because she wanted it to feel cosy and warm Her open house is very different to a gallery experience. "So I chose the colour to balance out how I'm feeling and how I want the family to feel in certain rooms." Hundreds of people have booked tickets to see the house The paintings merge and flow into one another as you progress through the house. "It grew and grew and grew and now it's out of hand." The house is an antidote to minimalist interiors but, as her husband Jack Powell explains, sometimes the painted floor makes it hard to see his daughter's toys. "Someone came in and said, 'You've got paint on your toothbrushes - do you know that?'." The open house ends on 7 December and is sold out with a waiting list of 500 people.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cx2pel4qd08o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Controversial 30ft nude gladiator returns to town 3 days ago Share Save Georgie Docker North West Share Save BBC Wigan's warrior makes a valiant return, three years after a council ban A giant golden statue of a naked Roman gladiator dubbed Golden Balls by local people has been returned to a town after a dispute with the local council led to him being banned. Beloved by some, but offensive to others, it was removed at the request of Wigan Council in October 2022 - but, three years later, owner Grant Adamson, 60, has decided to bring it back to spread some "Christmas cheer". Owner Grant Adamson, of Grant's Bulldog Forge antique shop, said a "toga" or "underpants" could be fashioned for the statue if needed Mr Adamson said: "It's just something different isn't it, a bit of a landmark. "It certainly puts a smile on my face, I don't think you can help it not to - it's quite a thing." Another resident said the fact the statue was was naked did not matter to her. The return of the statue "certainly puts a smile on my face" said resident Anne Fowler However, Mr Adamson said there had been some dissenting voices on social media about the appropriateness of the statue. Mr Adamson told the BBC he expected the council might ask him to remove it again - but said he remained hopeful there could be a discussion, should they get in touch.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cm28y24l9dvo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: How to decorate your Christmas tree to create joy 4 days ago Share Save Annabel Rackham and Emily Holt Share Save Getty Images The lights are up and the baubles are out: with trees across the country already decorated and on display, there has been some traditional grumbling about whether commercialism means it gets earlier every year. But there's no right or wrong time to get into the festive spirit, according to viewers of BBC Breakfast, who debated whether the show had "gone too early" by putting up its tree on the first day of December. It wasn't too early for Rebecca from the West Midlands, who sent in a picture of her tree that had gone up in August, or Jill who put up hers last weekend as it had "rained all day" and decorating "cheered her up". Her advice is "lights first, then ribbon or garlands, then large baubles, then smaller pieces." When it comes to colour, she suggests bright colours to invoke joy, and soft greens, whites and champagne colours to create calm. An artificial tree – but only if it is used for seven to 20 years, depending on the material – should be better environmentally than buying a new, commercially grown tree every year, according to the Carbon Trust. BBC Radio 6 Music breakfast host Nick Grimshaw says he's bought a fake one for the first time this year, mainly because "his real one would often die "half way through December". BBC Breakfast BBC Breakfast viewer Rebecca has had her tree up since August How to look after your tree over Christmas If you are opting for a real tree, Annie Dellbridge, garden manager at Fullers Mill Garden, says before bringing it indoors you should water your tree generously. "If you are putting the tree in a stand, make sure it is one with a water reservoir under it and not just a criss-cross one, because then it gets no goodness whatsoever." From then, Annie recommends watering the tree every day to help prevent pine needles from falling out too quickly.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/thousands-americans-urged-avoid-outdoors-california-air-pollution-epa-11167024
Article: The map shows an area of fine particle (PM2.5) pollution in the "unhealthy" Air Quality Index (AQI) category over parts of Plumas and Sierra Counties, encompassing towns including Portola, Cromberg, and Calpine.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cg7v8x51x22o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Action packed and under the sea: New Doctor Who spin off set to wow TV viewers 9 hours ago Share Save Pete Allison BBC Newsbeat Share Save BBC Studios/Bad Wolf/James Pardon Doctor Who spin-off The War Between the Land and the Sea stars Russell Tovey as Barclay and Gugu Mbatha-Raw as Salt Humanity faces threats from across space and time in Doctor Who, but in its latest spin-off, trouble lurks deep underwater. The War Between the Land and the Sea follows Barclay, played by Russell Tovey, as he's plucked from obscurity to become humanity's ambassador when the Sea Devils rise to the surface. "You can watch Doctor Who, or you can never have seen it." BBC Studios/Bad Wolf/Alistair Heap Russell Tovey's first appearance in the Doctor Who universe was in 2007's Voyage of the Damned, alongside David Tennant and Kylie Minogue The villains have set their sights on seizing something a little bigger - Earth itself - led by Gugu Mbatha-Raw's Salt. "It has so many compelling messages about the world we're living in and what we can do about it." BBC Studios/Bad Wolf/James Pardon The Sea Devils made their first appearance in Doctor Who in 1972, but have emerged from the depths several times since As the title of the series suggests, one of its themes is humanity's relationship with the sea. "It's all about the emotion at the centre and that's what will get you watching." Doctor Who's most recent series ended with Ncuti Gatwa's Doctor appearing to regenerate into former companion Rose Tyler, played by Billie Piper It's a first look at the Whoniverse since Ncuti's Doctor appeared to regenerate into former companion Rose Tyler, played by Billie Piper. "I know what happens, but I better write it down soon in case I get run over by a bus." Davies tells Newsbeat he shared his plan with BBC bosses, leaving them "with jaws agape, loving it". The War Between the Land and the Sea's first two episodes drop on BBC iPlayer and BBC One on Sunday 7 December, before premiering on Disney+ around the world in early 2026.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c8xdv5gzez7o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Elf movie costume sells for £239,000 at auction The outfit was screen-matched to a scene in the film due to distinctive hand stitching on the tunic A costume worn by Will Ferrell in the film Elf has sold for more than £239,000 at auction.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/cricket/articles/c8jw1d029pyo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Having taken 6-75 in England's innings, adding to his match figures of 10-113 in the first Test, Starc arrived at the crease on day two and took the game away from England. His strike-rate touched 200 to anything pitched up by England's seamers, but back-of-a-length balls only went at 61 - marginally higher than his career rate of 49 to those deliveries.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/nato-fighters-scrambled-poland-russia-bombards-ukraine/story?id=128167479
Article: LONDON -- NATO fighter jets were scrambled and air defense systems put on alert in Poland in response to Russia's latest overnight drone and missile strikes in Ukraine, the Armed Forces Operational Command in Warsaw said in a series of social media posts. The alert lasted for just under four hours, after which the command said the fighters and air defense systems had "returned to standard operational activities." No violations of Polish airspace were observed, a follow-up post to X said. This file photo shows a Polish Air Force F-16 fighter jet during the 62nd NATO Tiger Meet Drill at Antonio Ramirez air base in Gioia del Colle, Italy, on Oct. "Russia continues to disregard any peace efforts and instead strikes critical civilian infrastructure, including our energy system and railways," Ukrainian Foreign Minister Andrii Sybiha said in a post to X. "And especially not under the pretext of peace process." Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy said in a post to social media that energy facilities were "the main targets of these strikes." "Russia’s aim is to inflict suffering on millions of Ukrainians," the president wrote. Sanctions must work, and so must our air defenses, which means we must maintain support for those defending lives." Russia's Defense Ministry, meanwhile, said its forces downed at least 121 drones on Friday night into Saturday morning.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c8dy6395dqyo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Charities welcome new law banning puppy smuggling 33 minutes ago Share Save Helen Catt , BBC political correspondent and Jenny Sneesby , Political reporter Share Save Dogs Trust Pip and Squeak, who are now called Elsa and Sky, after being rehomed by the Dogs Trus A law to tackle the smuggling of puppies and kittens into Britain has passed Parliament this week, after two previous attempts failed. "It was clear that being taken from their mum too early had left them not really knowing how to be dogs or how to interact with humans or the world in general." Politicians have been promising to crack down on the illegal puppy trade since leaving the EU made it possible to unilaterally change import rules. "We've had them up against raw meat, up against motorbike wheels, we've had them under drivers' seats then they've been caught in the frame of that." He said it can be upsetting for his team, who also often face challenging behaviour from the people bringing animals in. Animal and Plant Health Agency Authorities have warned pet owners to buy from responsible sellers and preferably from a UK-based seller Some animals can be left so unwell they have to be put down. The vet said it was suffering beyond imagination." Illegally imported dogs may also not have been tested for diseases like rabies or brucella canis, which can put animals in the UK, and their owners, at risk. The Animal and Plant Health Agency says that will make it easier to identify underage animals and will put a "blocker" on the trade because older puppies are simply less cute. Rosemary Kind chairs the Entelbucher Mountain Dog Club of Great Britain, and says they need to bring puppies into the country because "the gene pool is so small" that if they only bred from those here they risked introducing "health conditions that we'd rather not have in the breed". It's a big ask to ask them to keep the dog for that length of time" She said other methods, such as bringing in stud dogs or importing semen were either impractical or carried more health risks, and she is working with The Kennel Club to call for exemptions for specialist breed puppies. "Obviously if you've just had your ears cut off with no anaesthetic you don't want anyone to touch your head ever again and it's so common for somebody to just pat a dog." He said it also made dogs appear more aggressive to other dogs because they "communicate through body language" often using their ears and tails. Earlier this year, Louise Nicholson Hume adopted Betty, a cane corso, whose ears had been cropped and tail docked in Romania before she was seized at Dover for being under-age. "We knew the reactions we were going to get," she said "but we didn't mind as long as she was happy." She said Betty had been "absolutely terrified" when she first arrived.

Link: https://www.washingtonpost.com/nation/interactive/2025/apache-oak-flat-copper-mine/
Article: What worried many of those who came to this mesa in mountainous southern Arizona in early October was the very real possibility that this Sunrise Dance might be the last one at Oak Flat. “If they take Oak Flat, they destroy our religion and who we are,” said Vanessa Nosie, an archaeology aide for the San Carlos Apache Tribe who also helps her father lead a nonprofit fighting the mine. Lozen, she added, is “dancing to carry the fight for all we’re trying to save.” As the singers drummed in the downpour, Lozen pounded her ceremonial cane into the muddy ground. Another onlooker yelled, “Go, Lozen!” She pulled her shoulders back, lifted her head and looked straight ahead to the sprawling landscape of cacti and Emory oaks that give the region its name. “It’s no different than Mount Sinai and how the Holy Spirit came to be,” said Wendsler Nosie Sr., who runs Apache Stronghold, the nonprofit group fighting the mine, and who is a former chairman of the San Carlos Apache Tribe. Congress found a way around this problem in 2014 when it passed a law that lifted the ban, allowing a private company to swap land it owns for access to public land. Apache Stronghold, environmentalists and the San Carlos Apache Tribe argue in their lawsuits that the mine project violates the Religious Freedom Restoration Act and an 1852 treaty with the U.S. “Religious Indigenous claims are subject to a double standard and get lesser protection,” said Luke Goodrich, a lawyer for Apache Stronghold and senior counsel at the Becket Fund for Religious Liberty. Their practices are uniquely tied to land in a way that other religions aren’t, so they disproportionately have to rely on the government for practicing their religious practices.” The legal arguments have mostly failed so far. Gorsuch, a strong defender of Native rights, issued a dissenting opinion, calling the decision a “grievous mistake.” Story continues below advertisement Advertisement “The government has long protected both the land and the Apaches’ access to it. I have no doubt that we would find that case worth our time.” Other lawsuits based on similar religious claims and the potentially negative environmental impacts from the mine are making their way through the courts. In early January, the Court of Appeals for the 9th Circuit will hear arguments in three lawsuits filed against the federal government and the company by several Apache women, the San Carlos Apache Tribe and the Arizona Mining Reform Coalition, which represents conservation and environmental groups. Adam Gustafson, principal deputy assistant attorney general for the Justice Department’s Environment and Natural Resources Division, said in a statement: “These baseless lawsuits are just the latest effort to block development of natural resources that benefit the American people.” Four days before the start of Lozen’s Sunrise Dance, the Supreme Court again declined a request to hear one of the cases. “It has to be strong and keep her family warm in the winter and cool in the summer and be able to withstand life.” Lozen and her cousin, who had already performed the ceremony, stayed in the structure for several nights. Resolution Copper, a joint venture of two multinational mining companies (Rio Tinto and BHP), has redeveloped some of the old Magma operation as part of its plan for the new mine. “People will ask me: ‘Are there any jobs?’ ‘Can you get my son or my uncle a job?’” said Brenda Astor, a member of the San Carlos Apache who lives on the reservation, about 60 miles from Oak Flat. “This is a chance for our own people to help ourselves by getting jobs and bringing that salary back home and providing for their families.” That evening, a few men built a huge bonfire. Story continues below advertisement Advertisement As part of the land transfer, Resolution Copper agreed to give public access to the campground as long as the company deems it is safe. Peacey said her company has worked with 11 Native American tribes in the region to protect parts of Oak Flat, including historic Apache Leap, and avoid some spots where there are significant streams and medicinal plants. “We’ve worked with them,” Peacey said of the tribes, “on how we can change things so culture and nature can coexist with mining.” A girl transformed For Lozen, there was one final step in her passage to womanhood.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/russia-unleashes-massive-drone-missile-attack-ukraine-diplomatic-128168246
Article: Russia launched a massive attack on Ukraine overnight into Saturday, firing 653 drones and 51 missiles across the country as it marked Armed Forces Day, Ukraine’s air force said Workers and military inspect Ukrainian Fire Point's Flamingo missiles during handover to the military in an undisclosed location in Ukraine Thursday, Dec. Russia used 653 drones and 51 missiles in the wide-reaching attack, which triggered air raid alerts across the country and came as Ukraine marked Armed Forces Day, the country’s air force said Saturday morning. Pavel Malkov said a residential building had been damaged in a drone attack and that drone debris had fallen on the grounds of an “industrial facility,” but did not mention the refinery. Meanwhile, Kyiv and its western allies say Russia is trying to cripple the Ukrainian power grid and deny civilians access to heat, light and running water for a fourth consecutive winter, in what Ukrainian officials call “weaponizing” the cold. President Donald Trump’s advisers and Ukrainian officials said they’ll meet for a third day of talks on Saturday, after making progress on finding agreement on a security framework for postwar Ukraine. Following Friday’s talks, the two sides also offered the sober assessment that any “real progress toward any agreement” ultimately will depend “on Russia’s readiness to show serious commitment to long-term peace.” The statement from U.S. special envoy Steve Witkoff, Trump’s son-in-law Jared Kushner as well as Ukrainian negotiators Rustem Umerov and Andriy Hnatov came after they met for a second day in Florida on Friday. They offered only broad brushstrokes about the progress they say has been made as Trump pushes Kyiv and Moscow to agree to a U.S.-mediated proposal to end nearly four years of war.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/tony-nominated-playwright-jeremy-harris-arrested-japan-alleged-128167814
Article: 16 for an alleged violation of customs law for having 0.78 grams (0.0275 ounces ) of the crystalized drug, also known as MDMA, in a container in a tote bag he was carrying, according to Okinawa Regional Customs spokesperson Tatsunori Fukuda. Fukuda said Harris was arrested on the spot and taken into custody by the Tomishiro police, which filed a criminal complaint to the Naha District Prosecutors' Office Thursday for further investigation and possible indictment. Japanese criminal procedures allow investigators to keep a suspect in custody for up to 23 days before indictment, and pretrial detention can be prolonged if the accused exercises their right of silence or denies the charges, a practice widely criticized as “hostage justice.” Those convicted of drug smuggling in Japan can face a multiyear prison term. In addition to small acting roles, he’s cameoed as himself on a rebooted “Gossip Girl” and served as a coproducer on several episodes of HBO’s hit series “Euphoria.” ___ Associated Press writer Mallika Sen in New York contributed to this report.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/sudanese-paramilitary-drone-attack-kills-50-including-33-128167570
Article: A drone attack by Sudanese paramilitary forces has hit a kindergarten in central Sudan, killing 50 people, including 33 children, according to a doctors' group By The Associated Press This is a locator map for Sudan with its capital, Khartoum. Thursday's attack is the latest in the fighting between the paramilitary group, the Rapid Support Forces, also known as the RSF, and the Sudanese military, who have been at war for over two years. He said UNICEF urges all parties “to stop these attacks immediately and allow safe, unhindered access for humanitarian assistance to reach those in desperate need.” Hundreds of civilians were killed throughout the Kordofan states in the last few weeks as intensified fighting shifted from Darfur after the RSF took over the besieged city of el-Fasher.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/ex-dea-agent-charged-with-agreeing-to-launder-12-million-for-drug-cartel-11167061
Article: A former senior Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA) official and an associate have been charged with conspiring to launder millions of dollars and provide support to a Mexican drug cartel, an organization that the U.S. Paul Campo, 61, of Oakton, Virginia, who once served as deputy chief of the DEA’s Office of Financial Operations, and Robert Sensi, 75, of Boca Raton, Florida, were charged in Manhattan federal court with narcoterrorism, terrorism, narcotics distribution, and money laundering, according to an indictment. Sensi allegedly touted Campo’s experience and former government position, telling the source that Campo could use his knowledge of DEA operations, financial investigations, and international money-movement systems to help the cartel hide drug proceeds and navigate U.S. Campo and Sensi met repeatedly in New York, Virginia, and Florida, where they allegedly agreed to launder as much as $12 million in cartel drug proceeds by converting bulk cash into cryptocurrency and moving the funds through overseas accounts, according to the indictment. Prosecutors said Campo had already laundered about $750,000 as part of the scheme and also facilitated a payment connected to roughly 220 kilograms of cocaine, which he understood had been imported into the United States. "Camp and Sensi also agreed to explore procuring commercial drones and military-grade weapons and equipment for CJNG, including AR-15 semi-automatic rifles, M4 carbines, M16 rifles, grenade launchers, and rocket-propelled grenades," the indictment reads. What People Are Saying "As alleged, Paul Campo and Robert Sensi conspired to assist CJNG, one of the most notorious Mexican cartels that is responsible for countless deaths through violence and drug trafficking in the United States and Mexico,” said U.S. "As part of that support, the defendants laundered hundreds of thousands of dollars they believed to be CJNG drug proceeds, agreed to launder millions more, and even agreed to use their financial expertise to facilitate cocaine trafficking right here in New York City. "The indictment of former Special Agent Paul Campo sends a powerful message: those who betray the public trust—past or present—will be held to account to the fullest extent of the law," said DEA Administrator Terrance C. "The alleged conduct occurred after he left DEA and was unrelated to his official duties here, but any former agent who chooses to engage in criminal activity dishonors the men and women who serve with integrity and undermines the public’s confidence in law enforcement.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/could-trump-replace-income-tax-with-tariff-revenue-experts-doubt-11164941
Article: President Donald Trump has again stated that the revenue accrued and investments secured from his trade policies could eliminate the need for income taxes, but economists consider this impossible even under the rosiest financial assumptions. During a Cabinet meeting on Tuesday, Trump said his administration would be able to distribute a “dividend,” while also reducing debts and eliminating Americans’ primary tax burden thanks to the customs duties. Why It Matters The announcement comes as the administration faces questions about its handling of Americans’ affordability concerns and a looming Supreme Court decision on the legality of Trump’s tariffs. What To Know “It's so enormous that you're not going to have income tax to pay,” Trump said of the money being generated from tariffs on Tuesday, adding that the United States could “get rid of it or just keep it around for fun or have it really low.” Trump made a similar announcement during a Thanksgiving broadcast last week, claiming that tariff revenues and pledged investments from countries and companies in the U.S. For the 2025 fiscal year, which ended September 30, the government collected $195 billion in customs duties, up more than 250 percent from the previous year, while bringing in nearly $2.7 trillion in income taxes. And while administration officials have projected even higher annual tariff revenues—"over half a trillion, maybe towards a trillion-dollar number,” was Scott Bessent’s forecast in August—these would still fall significantly short of the amount brought in from income taxes. individual income tax revenues alone." And economist Kimberly Clausing dubbed the idea a “mathematical impossibility,” directing Newsweek to her recent paper, which concluded that even a significant increase in tariff rates would still see their revenues dwarfed by income taxes. “If you pushed tariffs to their revenue-maximizing limit—which would be very unwise for a host of considerations—they would bring in less than $400 billion a year, a small fraction (about one sixth) of what the income tax raises,” Clausing said. Beyond pure revenue, Trump has also cited investment commitments from companies and foreign governments as a secondary benefit of tariffs, one he believes will free up trillions to reduce Americans’ tax burdens. “Many countries are no doubt promising more than they will deliver to take off some of the negotiation heat, as that strategy has worked with the Trump administration in the past," she said. “It is very uncertain which of these are net additional, beyond the normal flow of investment, nor how long the process will take for the investment to take place.” What People Are Saying White House spokesman Kush Desai told CBS News that Trump "is set to raise trillions in revenue for the federal government in the coming years with his tariffs — whose costs will ultimately be paid by the foreign exporters who rely on the American economy, the world's biggest and best consumer market." Kimberly Clausing, Eric M. Zolt Chair in Tax Law and Policy at the UCLA School of Law, previously told Newsweek: “Many countries are no doubt promising more than they will deliver to take off some of the negotiation heat, as that strategy has worked with the Trump Administration in the past. (For one example, consider Chinese import commitments during the first Trump Administration; wise or not, those were never fulfilled).” Michael Graetz, a professor of Tax Law at Columbia Law School, told Newsweek: “Eliminating the income tax has been a Republican goal since the 1990s. And substituting tariffs, or even a national sales tax or value-added tax, for the income tax would shift the tax burden away from the top to people with less.” “The idea that President Trump has attracted sufficient investment into the United States to create enough economic growth to make up the shortfall is laughable —even though he is probably not joking,” he added. What Happens Next The Supreme Court is assessing the constitutionality of his tariffs, and even the conservative justices expressed doubts about the president's justifications during arguments heard in early November. However, even if it sides with the lower court rulings, which found that Trump exceeded his authority in imposing these measures under the 1977 International Emergency Economic Powers Act, the administration has said it has other legal means to carry out the president’s trade agenda.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/top-5-great-dane-mix-puppies-melted-hearts-2025-11160577
Article: Then, a vet confirmed the truth: Brucey wasn’t a small-breed pup starving at 5 months; he was a 12-week-old Great Dane puppy who’d been fed far too little for a giant-breed baby.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/trump-may-get-a-new-far-right-friend-in-south-america-for-christmas-11143819
Article: Chile's election, while focused first and foremost on domestic issues, speaks in many ways to a contentious ideological battle taking place across South America, a continent known for its dramatic swings across the political spectrum. The stage is thus set in many ways for José Antonio Kast, a former lawyer and son of a World War II-era German Nazi Party member who fled to Chile. Kast, head of the Republican Party of Chile, placed a close second in the first round of the presidential election held last month, but as the next round approaches on December 14, he's poised to overtake former front-runner Jeannette Jara, who leads the Communist Party of Chile and is also a lawyer. In his platform of being tough on crime and immigration that takes advantage of the plummeting popularity of incumbent left-wing President Gabriel Boric, Kast has openly portrayed himself as an ideological ally of Trump. Gordon Institute of Public Policy, told Newsweek that Kast is "no question, someone who will be working much better with Trump than perhaps the current administration on a number of issues, particularly foreign policy issues." Describing a "mind meld" between the two leaders as well as "greater support for U.S. priorities, perhaps at different multilateral organizations like Chile, the United Nations and maybe the OAS as well" on Kast's part, Mora said Trump will "certainly will have a friend, and I think the Trump administration will try to leverage that." ... "COVID exposed the deficiencies that the region had," Mora said, "and it was able to kind of temper it and sort of muddle through, because there was some economic growth, but COVID exposed what people call, sort of the preexisting conditions of Latin America, its health care system, its educational system, and a number of public services, to include security that these governments at the time, mostly left of center governments, were not able to address." "And in fact, things got in some places desperately worse, and so you would expect that at the next electoral cycle, which is where we are now and have been, that they would vote for the other right, anti-incumbent vote, or anti-ideological left, and that's what we're seeing today," he added. "Ever since the pandemic, which especially affected Latin America, as the region—with 8 percent of the world’s population, had 28 percent of the world’s deaths from it—which led to high government spending and the ensuing inflation, in the majority of democracies around the world incumbent governments have tended to lose elections to the opposition," Heine told Newsweek. "Latin America is part of this pattern, and over the past few years we have seen this in Brazil, Colombia, Argentina, Chile, Uruguay, Panama and Bolivia, among other countries." The trend does not solely favor right-wing incumbents. Brazil brought to power democratic socialist President Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva in 2023, who previously served from 2003-2011, while Colombia elected its first-ever left-wing leader, President Gustavo Petro, in 2022. But now Lula, Petro and, at least for the next week, Boric, find themselves at odds with the emboldened administration in the White House, whose own late-term grapple with COVID served as an obstacle to reelection only to stage a massive comeback in last year's vote. The assertion of a U.S.-led sphere of influence recalls past eras, particularly the two-century-old Monroe Doctrine declared by then President James Monroe in 1823 to expel the influence of European great powers from the Americas. This strategy was appropriated during the Cold War to specifically target perceived footholds of Soviet influence as communist movements began to rise throughout the region, resulting in a concerted and often covert effort to stamp out leftist sentiments. Today, the Trump administration's focus on Latin America, rooted in the "Make America Great Again" movement, does have some ties to concerns of foreign influence, including an effort to combat growing Chinese investments taking hold throughout the region. foreign policy toward the hemisphere and that, according to Mora, is "migration and the issue of transnational crime." In the words of the White House's own new National Security Strategy, "we want to ensure that the Western Hemisphere remains reasonably stable and well-governed enough to prevent and discourage mass migration to the United States; we want a Hemisphere whose governments cooperate with us against narco-terrorists, cartels, and other transnational criminal organizations; we want a Hemisphere that remains free of hostile foreign incursion or ownership of key assets, and that supports critical supply chains; and we want to ensure our continued access to key strategic locations." "In other words," the document added, "we will assert and enforce a 'Trump Corollary' to the Monroe Doctrine." While Trump has issued warnings to several regional leaders in line with this policy, the front-line target today is Venezuela. Maduro, who succeeded the late Chávez as head of the so-called "Bolivarian Revolution" upon his death in 2013, was accused by the first Trump administration of election rigging and drug cartel complicity in 2019 and his ousting has been declared a goal of the current White House. With Trump now backing his stated dedication to combating drug trafficking in the region with unprecedented airstrikes against suspected narco boats in the Caribbean, his open calls for the closure of Venezuelan airspace and amassing of U.S. The Venezuelan leader may already have few active allies in Latin America beyond immediate partners Cuba and Nicaragua, though a number of leftist-led governments such as those in Brazil, Colombia and Mexico have voiced opposition to any U.S. "A victory for José Antonio Kast would usher in a new right-wing force in the region, emphasizing the principles of security, immigration control, economic growth, and individual freedom," Felipe Bulnes, former Chilean minister of justice now a partner at the Bulnes and Urrutia law firm, told Newsweek. Bulnes pointed out how current right-wing governments have already provided a model for the Trump administration, noting how Argentine President Javier Milei's policies "have shown that a right-wing government can achieve significant reforms while preserving social stability, which is being closely monitored in Chile." These developments also reinforce the administration's skepticism of leftist leaders in the region, including Boric, who has publicly attacked Trump. "There is no doubt that relations between Chile and the United States are not at their best, largely due to the significant ideological differences between Presidents Trump and Boric," Bulnes said. "President Boric has openly criticized President Trump, surprising many in Chile, as such open disagreement with an important strategic partner is not typical in Chile’s approach to international relations." "Given these dynamics," he added, "it is likely that the level of agreement between José Antonio Kast and President Trump will be much higher, as they share similar views on several regional issues, including the situation in Venezuela." ... Bettina Horst von Thadden, former counselor at Chile's Senior Public Management System now serving as executive director of the conservative Freedom and Development think tank, told Newsweek that "undoubtedly, the international context also permeates local debates across countries in the region." "But elections in Chile have ultimately been decided based on the specific problems we face, which in this case are similar to some of the challenges the U.S. "These are the main axes of Chile’s political debate and the primary concerns of its citizens." In terms of where Kast and Trump may align, she said that the Trump administration "has more points of convergence with Kast than with our current President Boric, which would likely lead to a more fluid relationship between the two countries." Kenneth Bunker, associate professor of political science at San Sebastián University in Chile's capital of Santiago, explained how "this Chilean election is mostly about Chile," particularly looking at the 2019 uprising known as the Social Outburst that rocked the nation, fueled by protests and riots over growing inequality, rising cost of living and a hike in public transit fares. "That moment created long-running political uncertainty and a demand for stability." Taking advantage of the popular frustration, Kast's law and order push is gaining ground among Chileans who have viewed the current government's efforts to address these top-line issues some six years later as inadequate. The current left government, Boric and Jara, is seen by critics as unable or unwilling to manage security and immigration effectively." And while he viewed the phenomenon as part of a "regional mood of backlash against an 'irresponsible left,' seen in places like Argentina, where the left is accused of mismanagement and cronyism," he saw Kast's ascension as uniquely rooted in grassroots issues on track to propel him to power.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/6-natural-ways-protect-brain-backed-neurologist-11140872
Article: "This is especially true as our life span continues to increase." Tanzi directs the McCance Center for Brain Health at Massachusetts General Hospital and serves as a professor of neurology at Harvard Medical School. Master Your Lifestyle At the McCance Center, Tanzi developed the SHIELD mnemonic to simplify the most-powerful lifestyle interventions: Sleep, Handling stress, Interaction with friends, Exercise, Learning new things and Diet. Small Habits, Lifelong Impact Access to ongoing learning, meaningful relationships, and environments that support both nutrition, and movement repeatedly came up as the best ways to naturally protect the brain's condition.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/can-trump-terminate-bidens-pardons-signed-by-autopen-experts-weigh-in-11163478
Article: President Donald Trump has claimed such pardons are “VOID, VACANT, AND OF NO FURTHER FORCE OR EFFECT… because they were done by Autopen.” Newsweek spoke with academic experts about long-standing legal guidance, with all pointing overwhelmingly in another direction. Why It Matters The fight over Biden’s autopen-signed pardons matters not because the legal questions are uncertain but because the dispute tests the durability of constitutional powers that have long been considered final. What To Know What The Autopen Is—And What It Cannot Do The presidential autopen is a mechanical device that replicates the president’s signature, and while it may be used to sign official documents—including legislation and clemency orders—as long as the president has authorized the action, it cannot substitute for the president’s own decision-making or be used to delegate the constitutional authority that must remain personally exercised. Trump has claimed that Biden’s pardons are “VOID, VACANT, AND OF NO FURTHER FORCE OR EFFECT… because they were done by Autopen,” arguing that Biden “did not know anything about them,” and using that assertion to justify his demand to reverse the clemency decisions. Barkow is a leading scholar of criminal law and executive clemency, serving as the Charles Seligson professor of law and faculty director of the Zimroth Center on the Administration of Criminal Law at New York University School of Law. Barkow also made clear that procedural objections to Biden’s use of the autopen lack foundation, noting that “there is no requirement that grants of clemency be issued in any particular way.” She pointed to existing Justice Department guidance authorizing autopen signatures for presidential acts, saying: “I don’t see any reason why, if it can be used for that purpose, it cannot be used for clemency grants.” Even so, Barkow acknowledged that political motivations may drive attempts to challenge the pardons, observing that an administration intent on testing norms “may try to bring challenges.” But her conclusion remained firm: “My bet is that they will ultimately be unsuccessful.” ... Larkin Jr., senior legal research fellow, Heritage Foundation (Meese Center for Legal & Judicial Studies), and author of Focusing Presidential Clemency Decision-Making, stresses that the Constitution gives the president uniquely broad authority in this area. As he writes, “the President’s authority is plenary,” limited only by the fact that “the President cannot excuse someone from responsibility for a state offense, nor can he prevent Congress from impeaching and removing a federal official.” Larkin said that clemency has historically served to correct miscarriages of justice and provide relief where the legal system has imposed “an unduly onerous punishment” but emphasizes that the Constitution “does not tell him when he should feel that way,” underscoring how much discretion is vested in the presidency. Minority Concerns Over Mechanical Signatures Terry Turnipseed, professor of law and professor of engineering & computer science (by courtesy) Syracuse University College of Law, whose analysis focuses on autopen use in legislative signing, takes a far more restrictive view of proxy signatures in constitutional practice. In The President and the Autopen, he argues that “it is unconstitutional for someone or something to sign a bill outside of the President’s presence,” raising structural concerns about separation of powers and the meaning of the term “sign” in Article I. Turnipseed recounted the controversy surrounding the first use of an autopen to sign a bill into law, noting that it “brought swift criticism from 21 House members,” who questioned whether the president could delegate the physical act. The first presidential signature-duplicating device was Thomas Jefferson’s 1804 polygraph, but the modern autopen—an automated signature reproducer introduced in the late 1930s—was first used in the White House by President Dwight D. Congressional Oversight And Political Fallout The House Committee on Oversight has framed the autopen dispute within a broader examination of presidential authority and capacity, noting in its summary materials that “no legal precedent invalidates autopen-issued pardons when the President demonstrates clear authorial intent.” The Committee highlights that courts traditionally defer to the executive in clemency matters unless there is evidence of “fraud or incapacity,” and it situates current challenges within ongoing congressional inquiries into Biden’s decision-making process and health. What The Office Of Legal Counsel Already Decided The 2005 Office of Legal Counsel memorandum concluded that the president “need not personally perform the physical act of affixing his signature” to a bill and may instead direct a subordinate to apply it “for example by autopen,” establishing the modern legal foundation for authorized mechanical presidential signatures. As Barkow summarizes, while future administrations “may try to bring challenges…they will ultimately be unsuccessful.” In the history of presidential clemency scholarship, the form of signature has never been treated as a condition of validity. Turnipseed, in his 2012 article The President and the Autopen: “The President’s use of the autopen [or even a human being] to sign a bill outside of the President’s presence is unconstitutional.” What Happens Next Biden’s autopen pardons are legally final, leaving opponents with political avenues rather than judicial ones.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/millennials-are-too-tired-to-cheat-11141682
Article: Whether that is down to economic anxiety, emotional burnout, or a shifting cultural script around relationships, having an affair seems to be on the decline among those born between 1981 and 1996. A 2017 analysis by sociologist Nicholas Wolfinger for the Institute for Family Studies found that Americans over 55— particularly those born between 1940 and 1959—reported the highest rates of extramarital sex. Lisa Chen, a licensed marriage and family therapist and relationship expert, told Newsweek that having an affair today is more than a conscious decision or a lust-driven action—it is an energy expense many millennials simply cannot afford. According to the 2024 Aflac WorkForces Report, 66 percent of millennials—those now 29 to 44—report experiencing moderate to high levels of burnout, compared with 55 percent of Gen Xers and 39 percent of boomers. A study by personal finance app Piere, which analyzed 35,000 millennial users over three years, found that 59 percent had considered delaying major life milestones—like weddings, buying homes or starting families—due to financial strain. In the U.K., they reported earning less in their 30s than earlier generations did, while in the U.S., a study in the American Journal of Sociology revealed that millennials hold 30 percent less wealth at age 35 than boomers did at the same age. Sabrina Romanoff, relationship expert at the Hily Dating App and a Harvard-trained clinical psychologist, told Newsweek that millennials are navigating relationships differently—not just because of what is happening now, but because of what they saw growing up. “Millennials have largely had a front row seat—either directly in their own families or in the families of people close to them—to the fallout of divorce, infidelity, and how it impacts the entire relational ecosystem,” Romanoff said. “This could result in being more intentional with partner selection, choosing to work out unmet needs in more direct ways, and less acceptance of infidelity.” Romanoff believes that today’s millennial relationships are forged with greater awareness and less pressure to conform. “Because long-term committed relationships are no longer the default, those who select them are more likely to commit to the framework of fidelity and loyalty.” The collapse of “third spaces”—public spaces like bars, clubs and community centers—following the pandemic, has also made it harder for extramarital relationships to begin. “TikTok psychology, relationship knowledge, and boundaries helped inform this generation that cheating isn’t just a moral issue, it’s a mental health trigger.” Yet not everyone agrees that cheating is simply a casualty of exhaustion. “When fidelity does not have to fit in a rigid box, less people feel the need to break that box.” She attributes the shift not to fatigue, but to communication being generally more open between partners than in previous generations, and to partners being generally more compatible due to getting together slightly later in life. “When couples can discuss these topics more openly and design relationships to fit their unique wants and needs, the risk of selfishly stepping out and unilaterally deciding to get one’s needs met, decreases significantly,” Joyriel said. “So, the chances that people are cheating less because they are burnt out or tired seems highly unlikely.” Still, if the Mamamia podcast’s comments section is any indication, the idea that a shift in relationships has occurred resonated.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/nato-nation-poland-scrambles-fighter-jets-large-scale-russia-strikes-ukraine-11167022
Article: The Operational Command of the Polish Armed Forces said on Saturday morning: "Due to the activity of the Russian Federation's long-range aviation, which is carrying out strikes on the territory of Ukraine, military aviation operations have commenced in Polish airspace. “Fighter jets have been scrambled, and ground-based air defense systems as well as radar reconnaissance systems have reached a state of readiness.” It added in a statement posted on X that the actions were of a "preventive nature," and were aimed at "securing the airspace and its protection, especially in areas adjacent to the threatened regions." The Polish military said it was monitoring the current situation, adding: "The subordinate forces and resources remain ready for immediate response." ...

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/12/06/nx-s1-5634728/west-virginia-national-guard-dc-shooting
Article: — In West Virginia, many of the thousands of bridges spanning mountain valleys and gorges are named for local veterans and on Main Streets in small towns, banners feature hometown soldiers, some of whom fought and died in past conflicts. Service in the military — including the various branches of the National Guard — has long been seen not just as a patriotic duty, but as an economic lifeline, particularly in some of the poorer parts of the state. shooting and the wounding of another National Guard soldier — Air Force Staff Sergeant Andrew Wolfe, have brought that reality home once more in their hometowns and across the state. And there's just not much here." toggle caption Chris Jackson For NPR toggle caption Chris Jackson for NPR Financially, he says, the Guard is a good deal for young adults. Sponsor Message At a prayer vigil for Wolfe in his hometown of Martinsburg, Air Force Staff Sergeant Jason Mitchell says it was the need to pay off college debt that brought him to the National Guard. "I think in this area, especially for kids who are kind of disadvantaged, which we have a lot of those students, it's a really good opportunity for them." Despite the state's enthusiasm for the military and the voluntary nature of the D.C. Amid reports that troops are being employed in tasks such as trash pickup and landscaping instead of security, as the White House has suggested, West Virginia Democratic lawmakers have sharply criticized Morrisey for signing off on it. Mike Pushkin, a West Virginia House of Delegates member and chairman of the state's Democratic Party says Beckstrom and Wolfe "would not be there had it not been for the president calling in the National Guard in this strange form of political theater and it unfortunately put them in harm's way." Sponsor Message In a statement to NPR, Gov. is a continuation of this legacy of service — and we fully back the Guard members who willingly stepped up to clean up crime in our nation's capital." toggle caption Chris Jackson for NPR But in a state that went heavily for Trump in 2016, 2020 and 2024, it's not difficult to find people who wonder aloud why sending the West Virginia National Guard to Washington makes any sense. Roseanna Groves, who lives in Webster Springs and is related by marriage to Beckstrom was outraged that the man charged in the attack — an Afghan national who worked with the CIA — had been let into the U.S.

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/12/06/nx-s1-5634822/takeaways-special-election-house-midterms
Article: Takeaways from the latest special election and what it means for control of the House toggle caption Graeme Sloan/Bloomberg via Getty Images There was yet another sign this week of a potential 2026 wave that could hand control of the House of Representatives to Democrats. On average, Democrats have done 14 points better than candidates in 2024 (including comparing the presidential results in 2024 to the governors' races in New Jersey and Virginia last month). Here's how that breaks down: FL-1 — 2024: R+32, 2025: R+15; Difference: D+17 — 2024: R+32, 2025: R+15; Difference: FL-6 — 2024: R+33, 2025: R+14; Difference: D+19 — 2024: R+33, 2025: R+14; Difference: VA-11 — 2024: D+34, 2025: D+50; Difference: D+16 — 2024: D+34, 2025: D+50; Difference: AZ-7 — 2024: D+27, 2025: D+39; Difference: D+12 — 2024: D+27, 2025: D+39; Difference: VA-GOV — 2024: D+6, 2025: D+16; Difference: D+10 — 2024: D+6, 2025: D+16; Difference: NJ-GOV — 2024: D+6, 2025: D+14; Difference: D+8 — 2024: D+6, 2025: D+14; Difference: TN-7 — 2024: R+22, 2025: R+9; Difference: D+13 Supreme Court gives GOP a redistricting boost Sponsor Message Republicans hope unprecedented mid-decade redistricting will help them keep control of the House. It's not at all clear that will be the case anymore after polls have found Latino voters have soured on Trump because of his handling of the economy and how his administration is conducting deportations. An even larger study by the Pew Research Center found 70% disapproving of Trump's job with those who voted for Trump sliding 12 points since his swearing in for this second term. A Politico/Public First poll found that many Americans, including almost 4-in-10 Trump voters, are saying the cost of living is the worst they can remember it being, that the president owns the economy and that he's not doing enough to fix it. There was no affordability, nobody could afford anything." Sponsor Message But people know what they pay at a grocery store or whether they can afford a house or health care.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/suspect-jan-6-pipe-bomb-case-makes-1st/story?id=128152076
Article: Cole's legs and arms were shaking throughout the duration of the hearing as he listened to the judge read him his rights and detail the two charges Cole currently faces, which carry a maximum sentence of up to 30 years if he is convicted. During the hearing, government attorneys said that Cole sat for an interview with the FBI for four hours Thursday after his arrest, and that they plan to provide a transcript of the interview to Cole's attorneys over the weekend. attorney for the District of Columbia, told ABC News' Pierre Thomas on Friday that Cole told investigators he was "disappointed in various aspects of the election." Counsel for the government told the court that they will seek Cole's continued detention through trial, based on the seriousness of the offenses he now faces. As Cole departed the courtroom members of his family stood up and shouted, "We love you Brian!" Another shouted, "We're here for you, baby!" Family members and Cole's attorney declined to comment to reporters outside of court after the hearing concluded.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/overnight-exchange-fire-afghan-pakistan-border-kills-5-128168281
Article: An overnight exchange of fire between Afghan and Pakistani forces along their tense border has killed five Afghan civilians and wounded five others JALALABAD, Afghanistan -- An overnight exchange of fire between Afghan forces and Pakistani troops along the two countries’ tense border killed five Afghan civilians and wounded five others, while three civilians were also wounded on the Pakistani side, officials from the two countries said Saturday. Those killed in the border area near the Afghan city of Spin Boldak, in southern Afghanistan’s Kandahar province, included three children and one woman, said Ali Mohammad Haqmal, the head of information of Spin Boldak District. Pakistani police and a hospital official in the Pakistani city of Chaman, Mohammad Awais, said three people, including a woman, were wounded in the shooting and shelling that came from the Afghan side. Though separate from the Afghan Taliban, the TTP is closely allied with it, and many of its fighters are believed to have taken refuge in Afghanistan since the Taliban seized power there in 2021, further straining relations. Haqmal said the Afghan side didn’t respond for 10-15 minutes after Pakistani forces began shooting, and that once the Afghan side responded, it stopped firing “within an hour.” The shooting by the Pakistani side continued until Saturday morning, he said. However, Mohammad Sadiq, a local Pakistani police official, claimed the shooting started from the Afghan side and that Pakistani troops returned fire near the Chaman border crossing, a key transit route. The exchange came a day after Pakistan said it would allow the United Nations to send relief supplies into Afghanistan through the Chaman and Torkham border crossings, which have been mostly closed for nearly two months amid escalating tensions. Abidullah Farooqi, a spokesman for the Afghan border police, said Friday night that Pakistani forces first threw a hand grenade into the Spin Boldak border area on the Afghan side, prompting a response. Mosharraf Zaidi, a spokesman for Pakistani Prime Minister Shehbaz Sharif, said on X that earlier in the evening, the “Afghan Taliban regime resorted to unprovoked firing along the Chaman border.” He added that Pakistani forces remain fully alert and committed to ensuring the country’s territorial integrity and the safety of its citizens. Separately, Pakistan’s military said Saturday that its security forces had killed nine Pakistani Taliban militants during two intelligence-based operations Friday in Pakistan’s northwestern districts of Tank and Lakki Marwat in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province, which borders Afghanistan.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c3v1dd01x65o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Twitch star QTCinderella says she wishes she never started streaming 12 hours ago Share Save Laura Cress Technology reporter Share Save BBC The popular Twitch streamer QTCinderella says she would be a "happier person" if she could go back and tell her younger self to choose a different career. The 31-year-old, real name Blaire (she does not make her second name public), became famous for playing video games and cooking meals in live videos for her 1.2 million followers online. But she told the BBC while she felt "incredibly lucky" to be in her position, the negatives of the role - ranging from being under constant scrutiny to at times being concerned for her safety - makes it difficult to enjoy. "If I could go back and never experience some of the things I've experienced because of this job, I do think I would be a happier person overall," she said. "The biggest thing I wish I could do, if I went back and was able to whisper in my ear, I would say, don't do it." Getty Images QTCinderella at the Streamer Awards in 2024 Throughout 2025, several female content creators have spoken out about concerns of their safety, particularly when attending public events. While her personal security were able to intervene, she accused the on-site security team of not detaining him until hours after the event - something Twitch refuted in a statement. Now, she said despite opening a craft shop in Los Angeles earlier this year, it's rare she ever visits - because of men turning up to the shop and asking for her.

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/12/06/g-s1-101064/russia-drone-missile-attack
Article: Russia unleashes drone and missile attack on Ukraine as diplomatic talks continue toggle caption Efrem Lukatsky/AP KYIV, Ukraine — Russia unleashed a major missile and drone barrage on Ukraine overnight into Saturday, after U.S. Russia used 653 drones and 51 missiles in the wide-reaching attack, which triggered air raid alerts across the country and came as Ukraine marked Armed Forces Day, the country's air force said Saturday morning. Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy said that energy facilities were the main targets of the attacks, also noting that a drone strike had "burned down" the train station in the city of Fastiv, located in the Kyiv region. Pavel Malkov said a residential building had been damaged in a drone attack and that drone debris had fallen on the grounds of an "industrial facility," but did not mention the refinery. Meanwhile, Kyiv and its western allies say Russia is trying to cripple the Ukrainian power grid and deny civilians access to heat, light and running water for a fourth consecutive winter, in what Ukrainian officials call "weaponizing" the cold. President Donald Trump's advisers and Ukrainian officials said they'll meet for a third day of talks on Saturday, after making progress on finding agreement on a security framework for postwar Ukraine. Following Friday's talks, the two sides also offered the sober assessment that any "real progress toward any agreement" ultimately will depend "on Russia's readiness to show serious commitment to long-term peace." The statement from U.S. special envoy Steve Witkoff, Trump's son-in-law Jared Kushner as well as Ukrainian negotiators Rustem Umerov and Andriy Hnatov came after they met for a second day in Florida on Friday. They offered only broad brushstrokes about the progress they say has been made as Trump pushes Kyiv and Moscow to agree to a U.S.-mediated proposal to end nearly four years of war.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/6/rsf-alleges-saf-forces-struck-crucial-border-crossing-near-chad?traffic_source=rss
Article: Sudan’s paramilitary Rapid Support Forces (RSF) has accused the government-aligned Sudanese Armed Forces (SAF) of waging an attack on a border town near Chad as war in the country rages on deep into its third year. The RSF claimed the bombing directly targeted the Adikon Gate at the crossing, their statement adding that the crossing is a “vital” corridor connecting Sudan and Chad, and a crucial humanitarian “lifeline” for delivering aid and commercial supplies to civilians affected by the war. A day earlier, the death toll from RSF attacks on a kindergarten and other sites in the city of Kalogi in South Kordofan state rose to about 47 people – mostly children – with about 50 others injured, two military sources in the SAF told Al Jazeera. United States President Donald Trump has said his administration would lead efforts to end the conflict, but peace negotiations have stalled as the RSF has continued attacks across the country despite announcing a unilateral ceasefire.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/sports/2025/12/6/oklahoma-rack-up-14th-straight-nba-win-durant-hits-31k-career-points?traffic_source=rss
Article: NBA Most Valuable Player Shai Gilgeous-Alexander scored 33 points and Jalen Williams and Chet Holmgren added 15 apiece in Friday’s game for Oklahoma City, who are off to the best start to a season since the Golden State Warriors opened the 2015-16 campaign 24-0. Jaden Hardy scored 23 points off the bench to lead the Mavs on a night when star centre Anthony Davis scored just two points, making his lone basket of the night in an irrelevant four minutes on court in the final frame. The oft-injured Davis had checked out of the contest in the third quarter after appearing to injure his left knee, sitting on the bench with it wrapped before returning to the game. The marquee clash lost much of its lustre, with Lakers superstar LeBron James sidelined by the sciatica that caused him to miss the first 14 games of his 23rd season and by foot joint arthritis. Advertisement Hawks forward Jalen Johnson had a triple-double by halftime with 11 points, 10 rebounds and 12 assists before the break and finished with 21 points, 18 rebounds and 16 assists. Miami had chances to win it in the waning seconds, but Powell missed a fadeaway jumper, the Heat had to burn their last timeout when they were unable to inbound the ball, and Bam Adebayo missed a three-pointer as time expired. Jalen Williams: 15 PTS, 8 REB, 5 AST Chet Holmgren: 15 PTS, 8 REB https://t.co/evv3lJ0XNk pic.twitter.com/ao2dympQyG — NBA (@NBA) December 6, 2025 Durant hits 31k It was a milestone night for Houston star Kevin Durant, who became the eighth player in NBA history to score 31,000 career points in the Rockets’ 117-98 victory over the Phoenix Suns. Durant came into his first game against his former team since a blockbuster July trade, needing just four points to reach the mark, which he achieved with a jump shot midway through the first quarter. Durant, eighth on the league’s all-time scoring list, finished with 28 points, and teammate Amen Thompson scored his season-high of 31 as the Rockets claimed a fifth victory in six games. “I’m just grateful to be in this position to live out my dreams every single day,” Durant, a former NBA Most Valuable Player and a two-time champion, said of his latest milestone. I’m just grateful for them and I want to keep it going.” At Madison Square Garden, the New York Knicks opened on a 23-0 scoring run and kept the pedal down in a 146-112 rout of the Utah Jazz.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c773vm4n3n0o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Trans women will not be allowed to attend main Labour Women's Conference events It is understood the party considers the format to be the least restrictive way of balancing accessibility and compliance with the law. The Women's Conference, which is usually held the day before the party's annual conference in the same venue, was cancelled in 2025 after the party received legal advice in the wake of the Supreme Court ruling. Prior to that ruling, Labour had allowed people to self-identify as a woman, so trans women could attend the event and also take part in "positive action" measures such as all-women shortlists. Labour launched a "comprehensive legal review" of the rules around its women's conference following the Supreme Court decision, a spokesperson said, before confirming the 2026 event would go ahead with new attendance rules in a place. It comes as the government continues to weigh a new code of practice in light of the ruling, guidance which issued to public bodies and businesses on how to apply the Equality Act. Outgoing EHRC head Baroness Falkner of Margravine told the Times she was "so certain" of the lawfulness of the guidance and suggested one explanation for the delay could be that the government was "terrified of their MPs who would wish for trans self-identification or trans inclusion to prevail across all areas of society".

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cx2d3w2dq10o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: 'The tattoo on my arm is now on my tongue after cancer treatment' 4 hours ago Share Save Grace Wood Yorkshire Share Save Harriet Trewhitt Harriet had emergency surgery in May 2025 but is now recovering well and cancer free A woman whose arm tattoo ended up on her tongue as part of reconstructive surgery during cancer treatment says the story makes a "good dating anecdote". Recovering her poise, she asked the medical team if she could wait 10 days before treatment in order to finish her drama course at LMA Drama School to avoid redoing the year again. That was on the Thursday (22 May) and I had my first operation on the Tuesday (27 May) but during those days they were doing loads of tests, MRIs, CTs and tests to make sure that I'd be OK to be under anaesthesia for as long as I was," she recalls. Harriet Trewhitt Harriet's arm tattoo was used to make part of her tongue during surgery Harriet underwent a six-hour procedure at University College London Hospital to remove the cancer from her mouth, which involved removing half her tongue and rebuilding it with skin - including the tattoo - from her arm. I tried to stay very positive throughout the whole ordeal, because I felt that was the only way I could cope was making jokes, that was the best way for me to cope with it all," she says. "So they had to go in and reconstruct that and also fix my lymph nodes that had been damaged during the first surgery." Since then she has had to relearn how to talk and swallow before undergoing more treatment in the form of proton beam therapy – a type of radiotherapy that uses protons instead of X-rays, which are directed to stop precisely inside the tumour - at The Christie Hospital in Manchester. "I had a mask that was moulded around my face and my chest that I wore every time I went in and it got like attached to a board and then this machine moved around me," she explains. Harriet Trewhitt Harriet was given the all-clear from cancer earlier this year Harriet says she paused a day of treatment for her graduation, because achieving the degree had been a big challenge. "You can't see the pain, but I can remember the pain afterwards, because I could barely eat at that point, I was in so much pain." Now Harriet is back home hopes to begin a master's degree at Derby University in drama therapy in 2026. So even though that feels like a world away, it's actually not that long ago." If you have been affected by the themes contained in this report, you can find more help and advice via the BBC Action Line.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/weather/articles/cn0kg15nlppo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: The month has already got off to a stunning start with a third consecutive supermoon lighting up night skies with the added interest of a rare double lunar halo and the Northern Lights also putting on a dazzling show.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c70rx8zylyjo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Hillsborough survivor 'followed by police' - IOPC 4 hours ago Share Save Jonny Humphries North West Share Save Reuters Fresh inquests in 2016 concluded people had been unlawfully killed as a result of the crush at Hillsborough The years-long investigation into police conduct surrounding the Hillsborough disaster found evidence that police officers had followed a victim's family member. It concluded that South Yorkshire Police (SYP) failed to plan properly ahead of the stadium crush, which killed 97 people, and then tried to deflect blame on to supporters in the years that followed. Hillsborough: 'Fundamental failures' by police - report by Anne-Marie Joyce Of the 25 complainants, all believed their phone calls had been monitored, while 16 suspected they were subjected to other forms of surveillance, such as being followed. It stated: "The IOPC did look in detail into one specific allegation, where a family member was conspicuously followed by police officers for almost a week, and on at least one occasion, spoke to the officers directly. WMP had been instructed to investigate the actions of SYP around the Hillsborough disaster, but the IOPC found it had been "biased" against supporters and in favour of its fellow force. The IOPC said it had contacted Merseyside Police for records of its response to those burglaries and initially received a "disappointingly slow" reply, which had to be escalated to senior officers. Ninety-seven Liverpool fans died as a result of the crush at Hillsborough on 15 April 1989 A spokesperson for the force told the BBC: "We acknowledge the findings of the IOPC in relation to how this matter was dealt with and how it was quickly resolved following contact with the head of the Professional Standards Department. "Due to the passage of time before the request there was a need to carry out substantial searches on force systems and all the information was provided to the IOPC as it was important that it was shared." When records were provided, the IOPC said there were concerns with how the burglary reports had been recorded, including one log conflating two of the incidents into one. Merseyside Police said: "The force had recognised processes in place at the time and work has been undertaken to ensure officers adhere to those processes." However, the IOPC said there was no evidence of police involvement in burglaries, and said one witness report had described "youths" being responsible. In a press conference after the report was released, Charlotte Hennessy, whose father James was killed at Hillsborough, said: "We will never truly know the full extent of South Yorkshire Police force's deception, but there is no hiding, there is no destroying, and there is no way to cover up that they failed their duties and then they sought to blame the victims."

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/12/06/g-s1-101066/sudanese-paramilitary-drone-attack-kills-50
Article: Sudanese paramilitary drone attack kills 50, including 33 children, doctor group says toggle caption AP/AP CAIRO — A drone attack by the Sudanese paramilitary forces hit a kindergarten in south-central Sudan, killing 50 people, including 33 children, a doctors' group said. Thursday's attack is the latest in the fighting between the paramilitary group, the Rapid Support Forces, also known as the RSF, and the Sudanese military, who have been at war for over two years. He said UNICEF urges all parties "to stop these attacks immediately and allow safe, unhindered access for humanitarian assistance to reach those in desperate need." Hundreds of civilians were killed throughout the Kordofan states in the last few weeks as intensified fighting shifted from Darfur after the RSF took over the besieged city of el-Fasher.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/06/trump-administration-will-expand-travel-ban-to-more-than-30-countries.html
Article: The Trump administration will be expanding its ban on travel for citizens of certain countries to more than 30, Homeland Security Secretary Kristi Noem said, in the latest restriction to come since a man from Afghanistan was accused of shooting two National Guard members. Noem, who spoke late Thursday in an interview with Fox News Channel host Laura Ingraham, would not provide further details, saying President Donald Trump was considering which countries would be included. In the wake of the National Guard shooting, the administration already ratcheted up restrictions on the 19 countries included in the initial travel ban, which include Afghanistan, Somalia, Iran and Haiti, among others. "If they don't have a stable government there, if they don't have a country that can sustain itself and tell us who those individuals are and help us vet them, why should we allow people from that country to come here to the United States?" Noem said. The Department of Homeland Security did not respond to requests for comment about when an updated travel ban might go into effect and which countries would be included in it. Additions to the June travel ban are the latest in what has been a rapidly unfolding series of immigration actions since the shooting Thanksgiving week of two National Guard troops in Washington. Citizenship and Immigration Services announced it was reducing the time period that work permits are valid for certain applicants such as refugees and people with asylum so they have to reapply more often and go through vetting more frequently.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/gallery/2025/12/6/chad-struggles-as-new-sudanese-refugees-strain-resources-and-infrastructure?traffic_source=rss
Article: Farchana refugee settlement, Chad – The Rapid Support Forces’ (RSF) capture of el-Fasher, North Darfur state’s capital, has triggered a fresh wave of violence, destruction and displacement in Sudan’s devastating civil war. The Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR) collaborates with Chad’s government to coordinate humanitarian operations, transfer refugees from border areas to established facilities, and provide essential protection services and aid, including water, shelter, food and medical provisions. The number of people here is overwhelming, and seasonal diseases and outbreaks make the situation even more difficult,” said Mohamed Ibrahim, a pharmacist from Al Jazeera state in central Sudan, who fled the war with his wife and children and now works at the Farchana Hospital.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/6/eus-kallas-says-washington-biggest-ally-despite-us-security-downgrade?traffic_source=rss
Article: European Union foreign policy chief Kaja Kallas has said the United States remains Europe’s “biggest ally” despite stinging criticism of the continent in a major strategy document amid ongoing ceasefire talks on the Ukraine war. Speaking at the Doha Forum in Qatar on Saturday, Kallas said some of the US National Security Strategy’s criticism of Europe, which included charges of lacking in “self-confidence” and facing “civilizational erasure”, a widely dismissed claim, were true, but insisted the EU and US should “stick together”. The document, which said Europe might one day lose its status as a reliable ally, struck a similar tone to the offensive launched by US President Donald Trump’s administration against Europe earlier this year as it pressed for countries to up their NATO contributions, accusing them of taking advantage of Washington’s generosity amid the Ukraine war. Trump has taken a lead in efforts to end the war, which started with Russia’s invasion of Ukraine in 2022, coming up with a plan that involves Ukraine surrendering land that Russia has not been able to win on the battlefield in return for security promises that fall short of Kyiv’s aspirations to join NATO. US officials are holding a third straight day of talks on Saturday with Ukrainian counterparts who have pushed for revisions to that draft, as a follow-up to five hours of talks in Moscow on Tuesday, which confirmed Russian President Vladimir Putin is not giving up on his maximalist demands and territorial claims. After the second day of talks on Friday, Washington had said “real progress” would depend on “Russia’s readiness to show serious commitment to long-term peace, including steps toward de-escalation and cessation of killings”. Advertisement Referring to previous US pressure applied on Kyiv to cede to Russian demands, Kallas told the Doha Forum that placing “limitations and stress on Ukraine actually does not bring us long-lasting peace”.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/sports/2025/12/6/infantinos-peace-prize-to-trump-raises-questions-about-fifas-neutrality?traffic_source=rss
Article: Craig Mokhiber, a former United Nations official who has campaigned to suspend Israel from world football over its genocidal war in Gaza, called the award to Trump a “truly shameful development”. “Not satisfied with two years of FIFA complicity in genocide in Palestine, Infantino and his cronies have now invented a new ‘peace prize’ in order to curry favour with Donald Trump,” Mokhiber told Al Jazeera. He added that the award also aims to “obscure” Trump’s “disgraceful record” of support to Israel, his deadly strikes on vessels in the Caribbean Sea, and “gross violations of human rights” inside the US. Infantino praises Trump While presenting the prize on Friday, Infantino expressed support for Trump’s international deals, including the so-called Abraham Accords that established formal ties between Israel and several Arab states without resolving the question of Palestinian statehood. “Mr President, you definitely deserve the first FIFA Peace Prize for your action, for what you have obtained in your way, but you have obtained in an incredible way.” Trump has openly campaigned for the Nobel Peace Prize but missed out on the award earlier this year. He said the new FIFA recognition is one of the “great honours” he has received, and he repeated his claim that his presidency has saved millions of lives and ended eight wars. “Now we have to protect the autonomy of sport: the political neutrality of sport and to protect the values of sport.” Two years later, critics point out that Infantino has created a prize to celebrate peace and unity, and then handed it to a president who called people from Somalia “garbage” just days prior. “Giving Donald Trump a prize for peace is like giving Luis Suarez a prize for not biting people’s ears off,” football journalist Zach Lowy wrote on social media, referring to the Uruguayan forward who has been caught up in at least three biting incidents on the pitch throughout his career. Trump’s record While Trump has helped broker some peace deals between warring parties, most recently between Rwanda and the Democratic Republic of the Congo, he has been an advocate for increased military spending across the Western world. “But his administration’s appalling human rights record certainly does not display ‘exceptional actions for peace and unity’.” For his part, Mokhiber, the former UN official, said the “vulgar” prize to Trump must be rescinded.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/world/europe/infighting-division-slows-european-response-crunch-time-ukraine-war-rcna247599
Article: should build up the “healthy nations of Central, Eastern, and Southern Europe through commercial ties, weapons sales, political collaboration, and cultural and educational exchanges.” “It’s clear that the United States is siding with Russia,” Ilves said. “I just saw a clip where Donald Trump is boasting, ‘Oh, they’re paying top dollar for our weapons,’” the Estonian added, paraphrasing the president’s remarks in the Oval Office from Wednesday. He was also particularly critical of the role played by Witkoff and Kushner, both noncareer diplomats, and the apparently limited involvement of Secretary of State Marco Rubio and the State Department in dealing with Russia. “I think that when you have a real estate magnate and the son-in-law of the president doing the highest-level diplomacy and being bamboozled by Putin, it’s inevitable that countries where they still have professional diplomats will react that way,” he said of European nervousness. White House Deputy Press Secretary Anna Kelly said Witkoff, Rubio and Kushner are “working tirelessly to stop the killing between Russia and Ukraine” and held “productive meetings to gather feedback from both sides on a plan that can foster a durable, enforceable peace.” “As President Trump has said, ‘it takes two to tango’ in order to bring the war to a close,” she added. After their Kremlin meeting, Trump told reporters in the Oval Office on Thursday that he had spoken with Witkoff and Kushner, who said they had a “reasonably good meeting” with Putin. “It makes a lot more sense to keep the assets where they are, and to keep using the profits that they generate,” said Sven Biscop, a director at the Egmont Institute, a Belgian think tank, who said he agreed with his government’s position. On Friday, German Chancellor Friedrich Merz and European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen traveled to Belgium in an attempt to persuade its prime minister, Bart De Wever, to drop his opposition. Undeniable, however, were the contents of Trump’s National Security Strategy, which starkly laid out the most ardent criticisms of Europe voiced by Vice President JD Vance and others this year. It said that declining birth rates had led to the “loss of national identities and self-confidence” and that “the continent will be unrecognizable in 20 years or less.” It also said that “the growing influence of patriotic European parties indeed gives cause for great optimism,” an apparent reference to the continued rise of Europe’s far-right political parties, some of which, in the case of Austria’s Freedom Party, have Nazi roots or, as with Alternative for Germany, are considered “extremist” by the country’s own intelligence agencies.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/ncaa/jimmy-rogers-iowa-state-hired-college-football-11166952
Article: More News: Marcus Freeman ‘Upset’ With Alabama Jumping Notre Dame BYU head coach Kalani Sitake appeared to be on his way to Penn State early in the week, but the No. More News: CFP Committee Explains Controversial Notre Dame-Alabama Decision With Sitake off the board, PSU shifted its focus to another program in the Big 12, nabbing Matt Campbell for Iowa State on Friday. "He’s the first-year head coach at Washington State and won a national title at South Dakota State in 2023 as the head coach there." Thamel noted that Rogers is a natural fit for ISU.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/inside-la-forgotten-beachfront-ghost-town-never-heard-surfridge-11141492
Article: Tyler Wells, 29, is a content creator living in Los Angeles, with his videos focusing on everything from lifestyle and pop culture to true crime and "lost history." One video with the on-screen caption "LAX's hidden ghost town" was recently shared to his TikTok account @ttylerwells, and explored the lost history of Los Angeles—to be specific, a former beachside community, home to dozens of people, which has ceased to exist. "If I pass something or notice something that looks like it used to be something else, I have a natural curiosity that I have to act on," Wells told Newsweek. "I just moved to Playa del Rey which is down the street, and one day, I passed the gated off, empty streets that planes take off over and had a feeling it used to be more than just airport grounds. So all it took was a Google search of the area for me to discover there once was an entire neighborhood there." In the video, posted on November 19, he introduced viewers to what used to be "an entire luxury beachside neighborhood right next to LAX, that's almost been completely forgotten about." Known as Surfridge and Palisades Del Rey, the neighborhood was built on sand dunes overlooking the ocean, giving families a relaxed, quiet life by the sea. But there was a problem that quickly became apparent: what we now know as the enormous LAX airport began in the 1920s as a barley field rented by aviation pioneers, who used a dirt runway to fly small propeller planes, according to the Flight Path Museum LA. Eventually, LA officials were forced to accept Surfridge had become "uninhabitable": they bought people out of their homes as the airport expanded, with other homes being demolished or moved to a different part of town. The old street layouts are still visible from above, driveways, the remains of walls, and steps to the complexes are still visible from the road, and the Vista Del Mar Park, if you know what you're looking for. And, for a look at what the neighborhood used to look like, Wells revealed it shows up in 1967 Elvis Presley movie Clambake, as he drives by the ocean with Surfridge homes visible on the side. The entirety of the old neighborhood is fenced off, and is now preserved land for an endangered butterfly species, the El Segundo blue butterfly, which were near extinction when the last of Surfridge's homes were removed. More than 1.5 million people have seen Wells' video on the history of Surfridge, which Wells believes is because "it is not as widely talked about, even if you’re an LA local...I think people do have a curiosity when it comes to entire ecosystems that once existed, and you would never guess today that such a place existed." Wells told Newsweek that while he is "not the first person to unearth the once thriving community of Surfridge," he wanted to use his storytelling skills, "not only tell the story of Surfridge, but invite other people to share their stories of Surfridge in the comments." And it had the desired effect—TikTok users were hugely interested, many learning about it for the first time, as one commenter wrote: "I've always wodered about those nice street lamps." "Always wondered what the purpose of that land was! I always wondered why that land was just empty." And one shared a photo they had taken from a flight, showcasing the old street layouts, and said: "Wow I saw this on a flight I took a few months ago and was wondering what it was!" Others wondered why the area would have been left vacant, or why LAX was built on "prime beachfront area"—but as one person explained: "When [LAX] was built this was not prime real estate but rather farm land far outside of city limits." ... Some shared their own stories from the former neighborhood, one revealing: "My aunt bought two homes from that area and had them towed to her empty lot in Los Angeles," and another recalled: "I grew up in El Segundo that’s literally adjacent to this! My dad had friends that lived here, and he remembers when they demolished all the houses." "There were so many people who felt comfortable enough sharing their connections in the comments of my video—which is exactly what I encourage with these stories," Wells said. "A couple that are on my personal list to explore are Sunken City in San Pedro and the history of what happened with Chavez Ravine and the construction of Dodger Stadium, which many people in my comments compared Surfridge to. "I have a whole bucket list of sites like this that I’m planning to dive into, and I’m continuing to explore and tell these stories on my platforms as I go."

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/judge-scolds-trump-officials-over-deportation-error-blatant-lawlessness-11167128
Article: A federal judge has launched a scathing attack on the Trump administration for deporting a Guatemalan man in violation of a prior immigration court ruling, calling the removal "blatant lawlessness." David C. Why It Matters The ruling highlights a recurring pattern in which the Trump administration has deported individuals despite existing legal protections, sometimes putting them at risk of persecution or torture. "Pablo Pablo has already shown in immigration court that 'it is more likely than not that he will be tortured by, or with the consent or acquiescence of, the Guatemalan government,'" the judge wrote in court documents. In his order, Judge Guaderrama noted that government lawyers conceded the removal was "unlawful." He granted a preliminary injunction, concluding that the deportation violated applicable federal law, in particular the statute barring the removal of individuals granted withholding of removal. The judge also emphasized the grave risks Pablo Pablo faces if not returned, including the possibility of torture, and said the court must act to uphold due process and statutory protections. One notable example is Kilmar Abrego Garcia, who was abruptly deported to El Salvador in March, even though a 2019 immigration judge’s ruling had found he was likely to face persecution by a local gang. His case attracted national attention after a judge ordered his swift return, sparking strong pushback from the White House and senior Homeland Security officials, who criticized both Abrego and the judges involved. The administration has admitted to other improper deportations, including individuals sent to El Salvador or Mexico despite court orders, pending asylum claims, missing "credible fear" interviews, or findings that they faced a high risk of torture. What People Are Saying Journalist David Toro Escobar wrote in a post on X: "The US government admitted to having illegally deported Guatemalan Faustino Pablo Pablo, who was protected by a court order. A federal court ordered his immediate return to the country." Judge Guaderrama wrote in court documents: "In Pablo Pablo’s case, the potential risk to his bodily safety, coupled with the losses he has already experienced from his deprivation of liberty, steeply outweigh the costs to the Government in facilitating his flight home." What Happens Next The administration has been ordered by a federal judge to return Pablo Pablo later this month.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/ncaa/florida-jon-sumrall-future-after-tulane-win-11166974
Article: More News: CFP Committee Explains Controversial Notre Dame-Alabama Decision "As the Florida opportunity became more of a reality for me, I voiced to them how important it was for me to finish this job the right way," Sumrall said. "I know how you enter a place matters, but how you leave a place maybe matters just as much, if not more, and Tulane has given me a tremendous opportunity. I wanted to be a part of this conference championship game this week, and hopefully something after that, if we can handle our business." The Green Wave handled their business, jumping out to a 31-7 lead over No. During his postgame interview on ABC, Sumrall suggested he was ready to coach Tulane in the CFP, saying the coaching staff and players wanted to "finish" the job in the postseason.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sprained-ankle-wouldnt-heal-true-diagnosis-11158635
Article: I had to be admitted to the emergency room to get that testing done, so I could then start chemotherapy, because that was the only way around the insurance issue. I’d been living with this pain for more than a year, and the idea of finally having the tumor out of my body brought a sense of relief I can’t fully describe.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/world-cup-draw-trump-messi-ronaldo-infantino-usa-haiti-11167077
Article: Friday's 2026 World Cup draw in Washington delivered exactly what you'd expect when FIFA President Gianni Infantino runs the show: a made-up peace prize for Donald Trump, a suspiciously favorable draw for the United States, and enough geopolitical awkwardness to fill a Kennedy Center. Once the ceremonial pageantry—including entertainers Kevin Hart, Heidi Klum, Andrea Bocelli, and Trump promptly placing his gold medal around his own neck—finally ended, 48 nations learned their footballing fates for the tournament that kicks off next June across host nations the United States, Canada, and Mexico. Lionel Messi ⬆ The 2026 World Cup draw set up a potential matchup two decades in the making: If Argentina and Portugal both win their groups, Messi will face his generational rival Cristiano Ronaldo in the quarterfinals in what would be their first ever competitive international match. Sepp Blatter ⬆ FIFA's disgraced ex-president was banned from soccer in 2015 after British reporter Andrew Jennings exposed bribes he took during his reign, only to watch his successor Infantino pull off perhaps the most blatant attempt yet to curry favor with the flattery-susceptible President Trump. Sébastien Migné ⬆ Led Haiti to its first World Cup in 52 years without once visiting the country, where gang violence has made it too dangerous for international flights to land. Ernst Kals ⬇ The last time European powerhouse Germany tangled with the tiny island nation of Curaçao was World War II, when the U-boat commander surfaced from the Caribbean to try to take out Allied oil tanks. After the war, when he received a 10-year sentence for war crimes committed during the campaign, he didn't think it was punishment enough, so he built a replica prison in his garden and remained there until his death in 1968. In an era when partisan media reinforces rather than questions assumptions, CW operates from the center—skeptical of left and right alike, committed to puncturing inflated reputations and recognizing overlooked truths.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/dad-cant-pay-toddlers-flight-woman-stuns-everyone-11155428
Article: Debbie Bolton, the co-founder of Norwex, a microfiber and sustainable cleaning products, was traveling on an early flight from Omaha, Nebraska, to Dallas Fort Worth last month when she saw something at the ticket counter that immediately caught her attention. “That day I was given the opportunity to be a miracle for someone else and I took action.” The Federal Aviation Administration estimates around 3 million people fly in and out of U.S.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/woman-spends-9-thrift-store-realizes-home-viral-11149280
Article: Bella Day (@2cats1bella), 25, a server from Southeast Massachusetts, came across the designer shoes at a Savers store on October 28 and instantly recognized the name—famous as Carrie Bradshaw’s footwear of choice in Sex and the City. "When I saw the tag, I stopped because I recognized it from my favorite show, Sex and the City, because those are Carrie’s favorite shoes so I’ve heard the name 100 times. According to Day, she then posted the TikTok, asking viewers for advice on what to do, and the video "immediately blew up," with commenters revealing how valuable the shoes were compared with the $9 she paid. Day reported that she downloaded Mercari marketplace app to have the heels authenticated, and the shoes were verified as real and in "basically perfect condition." Day said she learned she could make several hundred dollars from reselling them, but she didn’t want to charge “$500 when I only paid $9," so she ultimately sold them to a buyer she met on Facebook for $200. She added that she hopes the new owner in New York is "styling them now much better than I ever could!" Manolo Blahnik heels similar to the pair that Day found typically retail for upward of $565 depending on model and condition.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/ncaa/lane-kiffin-gets-lsu-defensive-coordinator-decision-amid-head-coach-buzz-11166984
Article: LSU head coach Lane Kiffin has been trying hard to keep the current defensive coordinator on the team despite head coaching interest from other programs, and he just got the coach's decision. Blake Baker, LSU's defensive coordinator last season, will be staying in Baton Rouge, according to reports, marking a significant coup for Kiffin, who keeps the successful coordinator who can lead the defense. More news: Penn State Finalizing Deal With Matt Campbell as Head Coach: Report Tulane was reportedly extremely interested in Baker, interviewing him for their head coach opening after Jon Sumrall announced his departure for Florida at the end of the season. More news: Ole Miss Players Call Out Lane Kiffin Over Claim About His Departure Tulane was Baker's alma mater, and he also got interest from Memphis, though he has spurned both and should end up getting a raise and potentially a longer leash at the program due to his commitment. Lane Kiffin's Reaction to Keeping Blake Baker as DC As soon as Kiffin signed on with LSU, reports surfaced that he wanted to keep Baker, and on Friday night, he made sure LSU kept their man. Kiffin was set to appear on College Gameday, which was in Atlanta for the SEC Championship, but he said that he needed to stay and make sure Baker remained a Tiger. #ItsDifferent” Now that his staff is mainly assembled, the real work begins for the former Ole Miss head coach, who needs to deliver a National Championship soon to keep the LSU faithful happy.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/mom-takes-photo-6-year-old-daughter-realization-grandma-11134144
Article: On a photo of Kailah, Krina wrote: "My daughter literally has my grandma’s whole face"; then she showed Judy as a young girl with the caption, "My grandma at my daughter’s age," and finally, the two portraits side by side. Before posting the comparison publicly, she shared it on Facebook where relatives and friends reacted just as she had: "Shocked!" Krina’s post has gone viral on TikTok, amassing over 808,000 views and a further 135,000 likes.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/cricket/articles/c9vjr9mwxllo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: On a Saturday that will sit alongside England's long history of misery at a ground where they have not won since 1986, Australia tortured the visitors with the bat then applied overwhelming pressure with the ball. Faced with a first-innings of deficit of 177, England started their second innings in the twilight against the pink ball with promise - the visitors were 45-0 from six overs at the dinner break. Ben Duckett can feel unlucky to be bowled by a scuttler from Scott Boland, yet Ollie Pope and Zak Crawley both played feckless drives to be caught and bowled by Michael Neser. Australia were earlier led by 77 from Starc - the pace bowler adding runs to his stellar series with the ball - to keep England in the field for almost two sessions and rack up 511.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/cricket/videos/crk76g23zrgo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Harry Brook uses a review to overturn a caught behind dismissal before being given out by the video umpire the very next ball as England fall to 123-5 on day three of the second Ashes Test in Brisbane.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/video/newsfeed/2025/12/6/colombia-signs-peace-building-deal-in-qatar-with-clan-del-golfo-drug-gang?traffic_source=rss
Article: NewsFeed Colombia signs peace-building deal in Qatar with Clan del Golfo drug gang Colombia has signed a peace-building agreement in Qatar with the country’s largest drug-trafficking group, the Clan del Golfo or EGC, which is accused of shipping hundreds of tonnes of cocaine to the US and Europe each year.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/politics/congress/republicans-worry-not-enough-affordability-strategy-trump-hoax-rcna247578
Article: WASHINGTON — Congressional Republicans are starting to publicly and privately sound the alarm about their party’s disjointed strategy to address Americans’ affordability concerns, with some growing increasingly frustrated with President Donald Trump’s sometimes cavalier attitude toward the subject. While Republicans say the high cost of living is a problem they inherited from President Joe Biden, many GOP lawmakers still think their party needs to sharpen its own message and platform ahead of the midterms — or else it could cost them their tenuous majorities in Congress. “If we as Republicans fail to do the same, it wouldn’t surprise me if we had a similar turnout.” Nearly two dozen Republican senators, House members, strategists and congressional aides shared their concerns about their party’s handling of affordability in interviews with NBC News. Their comments come after Democrats have secured wins in many of this year’s elections, with voters citing economic concerns, and as Trump has dismissed the issue as a Democratic “hoax,” rhetoric that has privately frustrated some Republicans. So we’ve got to deliver.” Some Republicans have voiced their concerns to GOP leaders in private conversations, phone calls and meetings, according to two Republican lawmakers with direct knowledge of the discussions. Jeff Van Drew of New Jersey — said he directly raised the issue with Trump during a call last week, though they were primarily focused on health care costs, which are set to skyrocket if Congress doesn’t act before the end of this year. Marjorie Taylor Greene, who was one of Trump’s top allies in Congress until recently, has been among the vocal Republicans complaining that Trump has spent too much time on foreign policy and not enough on domestic issues like the cost of living. And then, you know, the president’s poll numbers today were 36% in Gallup, and I don’t think our side should ignore that.” The Gallup poll found Trump’s approval declining significantly among Republicans and independents. Trump’s handling of the economy — long a strength for him — was at just 36% approval, while his handling of health care and the federal budget were at 30% and 31%, respectively. The results of a special election in Tennessee this week, where the Republican candidate prevailed by 9 points in a district Trump carried by 22 points just last year, have also fueled the GOP’s anxiety. “I’m tired of too many Republicans ceding affordability to Democrats.” Republican leaders urge calm Republican leaders have sought to calm members by assuring them that Americans will start to feel better about the economy once key provisions from Trump’s tax law fully kick in next year, such as no tax on tips or overtime and an increase for the child tax credit. Pressed by NBC News on whether Republicans are doing enough to address affordability concerns among Americans, Speaker Mike Johnson said his message to everybody is to “relax.” “We are exactly on the trajectory of where we’ve always planned to be. Americans are going to be feeling a lot better in the early part of next year.” But one senior House Republican, granted anonymity to share their views more candidly, believes it would be a mistake to rely on their mega law to assuage affordability concerns, arguing “no one in America knows what’s in that bill.” This lawmaker also complained that Johnson wasted almost two precious months of their majority — time they could have used to pass more cost-of-living bills or find a health care solution — by keeping the House out of session during the government shutdown. In an interview with NBC News this week, Vice President JD Vance said that Trump “certainly understands that prices got way too high” but that Democrats are blaming his administration for not immediately solving “affordability problems caused by Democrats.” “The hoax is the idea that it’s our fault and not the Democrats’ fault. A White House official insisted that the president’s policies have bolstered the economy, pointing to fuel standards and lowering drug prices among the policies that show the president’s ongoing commitment to affordability. That’s not changing anytime soon.” On Capitol Hill, House GOP conference Chairwoman Lisa McClain, of Michigan, told Republicans during a closed-door meeting this week that leadership plans to stay laser-focused on passing bills to tackle costs and vowed to stay on message on the issue, according to two GOP sources in the room. Republicans also received a presentation during a Republican Study Committee lunch this week from Trump’s pollster, Tony Fabrizio, who advised them to focus on topics like reducing drug prices when talking about health care and to be cognizant of voters’ feelings about the economy, according to attendees. Changing how voters 'feel' One of the challenges for Republicans is that while things like gas and egg prices are on the decline, many Americans are still feeling the squeeze from inflation, interest rates and a tightening job market. “We do need to say that a lot more, and remind people, ‘Do you know you were about to lose thousands of dollars of your paycheck, and we stopped it?’” he told NBC News. “They’re just not yet accomplished, and they need to get accomplished.” Hawley has pitched his new plan to allow out-of-pocket spending on insurance premiums to be deducted from taxes and to create a $25,000 deduction for medical expenses. If the GOP doesn’t pass an alternative and the ACA tax credits expire — which looks almost certain to happen at this point — that means millions of Americans’ health care premiums will surge next year.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cpd61w22e3no?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Four arrested after Tower of London display case containing State Crown defaced The Imperial State Crown is kept in the Jewel House at the Tower of London when not used for ceremonial occasions Four people have been arrested after custard and apple crumble were flung at a display case containing part of the Crown Jewels at the Tower of London. The Metropolitan Police said four people had been arrested on suspicion of criminal damage and the Tower's Jewel House has been closed to the public while the police investigation continues.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/cricket/articles/cqlk0q5n0r4o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: You've seen the way that Australia grafted and grafted earlier in the day when they wanted to get to this stage." England lost Ben Duckett shortly after dinner, but reached 90-1 before losing five wickets for 38 runs, with Zak Crawley and Ollie Pope both chipping return catches to Michael Neser before Joe Root, Harry Brook and Jamie Smith all edged behind. "In those situations you've just got to scrap and stay in and over time, you start to pick the ball up a bit quicker, you get used to the conditions, the bounce, and all of a sudden you start to find your flow." Ben Stokes and Will Jacks, both on four, will resume on Sunday with England still needing 43 runs just to make Australia bat again.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/11-killed-mass-shooting-south-african-bar-128168568
Article: Police say at least 11 people including three children have been killed in a mass shooting at a bar near Pretoria, South Africa At least 11 killed in mass shooting at South African bar By The Associated Press CAPE TOWN, South Africa -- At least 11 people, including three children, were killed in a mass shooting at a bar in a township near the South African administrative capital of Pretoria, police said on Saturday.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/06/at-the-2026-world-cup-draw-the-winner-is-donald-trump.html
Article: President Donald Trump receives the FIFA Peace Prize from FIFA President during the draw for the 2026 FIFA Football World Cup taking place in the U.S., Canada and Mexico, at the Kennedy Center, in Washington, DC, on December 5, 2025. Trump, who has campaigned aggressively this year for a Nobel Peace Prize, was given FIFA's inaugural peace prize for his efforts to promote dialogue and de-escalation in some of the world's biggest hotspots. The former TV reality show host dominated the scene at Washington's Kennedy Center on Friday, placing himself squarely at the center of one of the biggest events in the sporting world in a glitzy, celebrity-studded affair that bore the unmistakable stamp of the president. In a nod to Trump's love of spectacle, FIFA President Gianni Infantino, who served as master of ceremonies, had the three leaders stand behind brightly colored podiums - game-show style - to draw their teams. Last month, FIFA announced that a new annual award called the FIFA Peace Prize would be presented at the draw to "reward individuals who have taken exceptional and extraordinary actions for peace." A video prior to the presentation celebrated Trump for resolving the war in Gaza and trying to end Russia's war in Ukraine. The United States, he said, was "not doing too well" before he took office, but now "we're the hottest country anywhere in the world." Earlier, Trump told reporters he did not care about the prize, but noted that he had "settled eight wars" in his 10 months in office.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/video/newsfeed/2025/12/6/civilians-killed-in-drc-fighting-a-day-after-peace-deal-signing?traffic_source=rss
Article: NewsFeed Civilians killed in DRC fighting, a day after peace deal signing Children were among at least 23 people reported killed in fighting in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, just a day after the signing of a US-backed peace agreement between the leaders of the DRC and neighbouring Rwanda.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/video/newsfeed/2025/12/6/at-doha-forum-qatar-pm-warns-gaza-ceasefire-is-at-critical?traffic_source=rss
Article: At Doha Forum, Qatar PM warns Gaza ceasefire is at ‘critical moment’ NewsFeed At Doha Forum, Qatar PM warns Gaza ceasefire is at ‘critical moment’ At the Doha Forum, Qatar’s PM said Gaza talks remain at a “critical moment,” stressing the current arrangement is only a pause, not a full ceasefire.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/dry-january-what-happens-to-your-body-after-one-month-without-alcohol-11160907
Article: Now, a review from researchers at the Brown University School of Public Health, and the Warren Alpert Medical School, has analyzed 16 different studies, made up of more than 150,000 participants, and examined what happens when a person gives up alcohol for a month. Led by researchers at the Center for Alcohol and Addiction Studies (CAAS), the team found that giving up drinking, even for a short while, can have major impacts on the body. While some people gave up alcohol without going through the official Dry January campaign route, those who formally registered and used the tools on offer were much more likely to complete the month without using alcohol, and to continue drinking less after the month had ended. Lead author Megan Strowger said in a statement that the effort to give up alcohol for a month "leads to sustained moderation." "Most participants continue to drink less alcohol rather than increasing consumption afterwards," she said. "Overall, participating in Dry January allows people to pause, reflect and rethink their relationship with alcohol, including how it affects their social life, mental health and physical health." Researchers also found that participants tend to identify as heavier drinkers than average, which is usually a difficult group to reach through intervention programs. Overall, however, Suzanne Colby, professor of behavioral and social sciences, said the review shows that "taking a break from drinking can be reframed as a positive experience." "There is so much more support for living an alcohol-free lifestyle now," she said in her statement. Social norms have shifted, in part with the help of influencers on social media sharing the benefits of sobriety and reducing the stigma of not drinking." Do you have a tip on a science story that Newsweek should be covering?

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/winter-storm-warning-two-feet-snow-considerable-disruptions-11167179
Article: The agency warns of hazardous driving conditions across the affected areas, with travel in some parts expected to be "impossible." Winter storm warnings, issued when "a significant combination of hazardous winter weather is occurring or imminent," are in place for central Iowa, western Colorado, northwest Washington, as well as parts of Idaho, Montana, Utah, and Wyoming. In Colorado’s Elkhead and Park Mountains, the NWS said that additional snow accumulations between eight and 16 inches, with higher amounts up to two feet at the higher peaks of the Park Range would be possible. It warned that winter driving conditions are to be expected on all mountain routes "with significant impacts to conditions on Soldier Summit." The winter storm warnings for these areas are in place until 5 a.m. In Montana, a winter storm warning for Lolo Pass and Highway 93 Sula to Lost Trail Pass said heavy snow is expected and that "major winter storm impacts" are possible. One to five inches of snow accumulations are expected in the valleys, with eight to 15 inches possible in higher terrain including Lolo and Lost Trail Passes, according to the NWS. Widespread closures and disruptions to infrastructure may occur." Winter weather advisories—issued by the NWS when wintry conditions are "expected to cause a significant inconvenience, but not serious enough to warrant a warning"—are also in place for parts of South Dakota, Nebraska, Minnesota, Wisconsin, Illinois, North Carolina, Virginia, and Maryland. "A clipper system is expected to move from the Plains and into the Great Lakes Saturday Night into Sunday morning," the NWS forecast office in Chicago said in a post on X, Friday.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/does-your-dog-love-snow-expert-key-reason-why-11147014
Article: The heartwarming clip shared in November under the username @laurenandcody shows the golden retriever, Charlie, jumping around, wagging his tail, and burying his head in the snow, after his owner took him out to enjoy the first snowfall of the year. “If your dog is small and short-furred, you can consider taking your dog outside in a pet stroller where it can stay warm in a pile of blankets.” The video quickly went viral on social media and it has so far received over 2.6 million views and 627,000 likes on the platform. One user, Gina, commented: “Why is no one talking about the happy hops in the elevator.” Mandy510 said: “Charlie might just be curing my seasonal depression.” Sabrina added: “He was probably looking out the window all day and couldn’t wait to get out there.” Do you have funny and adorable videos or pictures of your pet you want to share?

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/marjorie-taylor-greene-donald-trump-furious-epstein-files-11167153
Article: What To Know During a CBS News 60 Minutes interview, Greene said that Trump grew "furious" with her after she signed a House discharge petition demanding the release of all government documents concerning convicted sex offender Epstein. And he was furious with me." Asked for details of Trump’s reaction, Greene said: "He said that it was going to hurt people." It marks Greene’s first national interview since announcing plans to resign from Congress, effective at the beginning of next year. What People Are Saying Speaking on the day Congress voted to compel the DOJ to release the Epstein files, Greene said: "Today’s vote to finally force the release of the Epstein files is a major victory for the survivors who’ve waited decades for the truth. Every document, every truth, every name." Trump has responded critically to Greene’s recent positions and her resignation, saying it was "great news for the country" after withdrawing support for her. At the time of her resignation, Trump said in a Truth Social post: "Marjorie ‘Traitor’ Brown, because of PLUMMETING Poll Numbers, and not wanting to face a Primary Challenger with a strong Trump Endorsement (where she would have no chance of winning!), has decided to call it ‘quits.’" What Happens Next The DOJ is now mandated to release all remaining Epstein-related documents within 30 days of the bill’s passage, in accordance with the new law backed by bipartisan congressional support and signed by Trump. The full public release of these files may prompt renewed media and legal scrutiny of Epstein’s associates, as well as greater transparency around the federal investigation into Epstein’s death in 2019.

Link: https://www.washingtonpost.com/lifestyle/2025/12/06/shelter-dog-adoption-backpack-nyc/
Article: Bryan Reisberg spends one day a week taking shelter dogs like Bertha out of their kennels, lifting them into a backpack that says “adopt me” and bringing them onto the subway and around New York. (Video: Jhaan Elker/The Washington Post) “The primary goal of every video is to get these dogs adopted,” he said, noting that the only dog who didn’t get adopted had a medical issue that had to be resolved. In Bertha’s case, he wrote that she likes “kisses, more kisses, specific toys, hot dogs, subway rides, making frens, being held,” and added: “did I say she loves giving and receiving kisses?” Bertha’s sole dislike, according to the post: “certain stuffed animals.” “It’s crazy to me, to be able to see a real-world direct impact that you’re improving the life of another person and the life of a dog because you took a few hours to go make some content,” Reisberg said. In 2015, Reisberg began building a large following on social media by sharing hilarious videos of his own dog, a fluffy corgi named Maxine, whom he would bring around New York City in a backpack. “People would be kind of miserable, head down, and then they would see a fluffy dog and light up.” He started posting videos of their daily commutes on social media. “It was crazy and totally unexpected.” He was constantly fielding questions from people about the pet carrier he was using, which he said was “poorly designed.” “I wouldn’t recommend it, because it had broken on me so many times,” he said. Through Maxine’s social media, “I was talking to people every day about how they felt about their pets, what they were missing, what they needed and what they wanted,” Reisberg said. “He wandered in one day and asked if he could help,” said Julie Castle, CEO of Best Friends Animal Society, which works with Animal Care Centers of NYC and thousands of other shelters and rescues around the country. “It was just so fortuitous because he’s got a really big reach.” Shelter workers help Reisberg select dogs to go out on his excursions, which he tries to do about once a week. “When Bryan comes in and uses his channels to influence adoption, he’s a hero to these dogs and to our staff.” Castle said the impact of Reisberg’s videos was immediate — not just for the pups featured and adopted, but for other dogs associated with Best Friends Animal Society. “We attribute most of that to him and the power of his social media presence and how he’s showcasing these dogs.” Castle said the exposure extends beyond Best Friends Animal Society. “They’re really cool and looking for a loving home.” Flattering photography has long played a role in getting shelter dogs adopted, but Reisberg said videos can take it to another level. “Bryan is a great example of what a single person can do, but virtually anyone can get involved.” Reisberg said he has been having the time of his life taking the pups out on adventures, and he said that anyone else inclined to do it should give it a go.

Link: https://www.washingtonpost.com/nation/2025/12/06/national-guard-shot-dc-andrew-wolfe/
Article: Wolfe’s “parents report that his head wound is slowly healing and that he’s beginning to ‘look more like himself,’” Morrisey said in an update on Wolfe’s condition published on his website Friday. “Overall, the family expects that Andy will be in acute care for another 2-3 weeks but have been optimistic about his progress.” Wolfe, who had earned multiple awards since joining the West Virginia National Guard in 2019, and Beckstrom were among more than 2,000 National Guard members deployed to D.C. The day after, Wolfe’s mother Melody Wolfe said he had been in surgery and that the first two weeks would be a “waiting game.” Earlier this week, the suspect, Rahmanullah Lakanwal, was formally charged with first-degree murder, assault with intent to kill while armed, and two counts of possessing a firearm during a crime of violence in the incident, which unfolded on the afternoon before Thanksgiving.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/06/the-history-of-denim-and-how-jeans-were-created.html
Article: Her husband's denim work pants kept ripping, so her tailor, Jacob Davis, had the idea to add copper rivets to key points of strain, like the pocket corners and the base of the button fly, to keep them from tearing. Davis' "riveted pants" soon became a roaring success and, unbeknownst to him at the time, marked the official birth of the blue jean, a garment that would transform fashion and come to represent the United States around the globe. "It really has democratized American fashion and it also is the greatest export that we have sent to the world, because people identify jeans specifically with American Western culture," said Shawn Grain Carter, a fashion professor at the Fashion Institute of Technology in New York. These days, denim is a major sales driver for retailers big and small, as the global denim market reached $101 billion this year, up 28% from 2020, according to data from market research company Euromonitor International. Major apparel companies from American Eagle to Levi Strauss are in a race to corner that market, leaning on A-list celebrities like Sydney Sweeney and Beyonce to win over shoppers and drive sales in an unsteady economy. But if it weren't for Levi Strauss, founder of the eponymous blue jeans company, Davis' invention may not have gone far beyond the railroad town where it was created in the early 1870s. How Levi's created blue jeans Soon after Davis created his riveted pants, called "waist overalls" or "overalls" at the time, they began selling like "hot cakes" and he needed a business partner to secure a patent, said Tracey Panek, Levi's in-house historian. So he wrote to Strauss, a Bavarian-born immigrant who was running a successful wholesale business in San Francisco and had supplied Davis the denim he used to create his riveted pants. "The secret of them Pents is the Rivits that I put in those Pockets and I found the demand so large that I cannot make them up fast enough," Davis wrote Strauss in a letter, according to PBS. He was manufacturing himself and selling to retailers." On May 20, 1873, the two men secured a patent for the riveted pants and eventually opened a factory on Fremont Street, close to the modern-day Salesforce tower in San Francisco's financial district. Dude ranch duds and the American worker Through Strauss' connections as a wholesaler, the company's riveted overalls soon spread across the U.S., becoming the garment of choice for working men everywhere: miners, cowboys, farmers – any role that required durable clothing. Companies like Levi began releasing advertisements highlighting their denim as "dude ranch duds" and "authentic western riding wear" to capture shoppers looking for jeans to bring with them on vacation, according to archival advertisements from the time. For years, Americans had been forced to ration common goods like rubber, sugar and meat while simultaneously being encouraged to save their money by buying war bonds and socking away spare cash.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/world/united-kingdom/tower-london-closed-custard-crumble-thrown-crown-jewels-rcna247728
Article: “The Tower has been closed to the public while the police investigation continues.” Footage posted on X showed a group gathered around the display case before hurling food and dousing one side of the case in yellow liquid. "Two Take Back Power supporters covered the glass containing the crown jewels in custard and apple crumble," read a statement on their website, which refers to the organization as a "new nonviolent civil-resistance group." The website calls for the U.K. government to "establish a permanent citizen’s assembly - a House of the People, which has the power to tax extreme wealth and fix Britain." The case contained the Imperial State Crown, one of the crown jewels kept in the high-security museum at the Tower of London, one of the city's oldest landmarks.

Link: https://www.latimes.com/california/story/2025-12-06/jo-ann-boyce-clinton-12-member-civil-rights-trailblazer-dies
Article: Students Jo Ann Allen (later Boyce), left, and Minnie Ann Dickey (later Jones) walk down the steps outside the recently desegregated Clinton High School in Clinton, Tenn., in September 1956. She loved life and always sought to see the good in people through all the adversity.” Advertisement Allen, who later married and changed her last name to Boyce, carried that spirit into every chapter of her life — as a pediatric nurse, a member of the family music group The Debs and co-author of, “This Promise of Change: One Girl’s Story in the Fight for School Equality,” which she shared with student audiences across the country. Jo Ann was someone who was so generous with her own story and shared it with people across the country … She inspired everyone she met,” the Green McAdoo Cultural Center, a museum that preserves the legacy of the Clinton 12, said in a statement. “There were times during those days that we did not make it to school due to inclement weather or some other untoward event,” she wrote in a biographical post on the McAdoo Center website. I could just see the hate in their hearts.” Violence escalated in Clinton when Kasper was arrested for violating a restraining order meant to keep him away from the school. She talked about the A’s and a B she’d earned that semester, declaring she had “accomplished something.” The previous five months had been the most painful of her life, she later said. “She had a sparkle like nobody’s business.” “Whether owing to that striking optimism or some other loftier force at work,” said family member Gregory Small, she had survived with pancreatic cancer for 12 years, a feat that left her doctors dumbfounded. Advertisement She co-authored the book, “This Promise of Change,” in 2019 with Debbie Levy and worked with the Green McAdoo Cultural Center, which is located in her childhood elementary school building, to continue the fight for awareness and equality that began when she was 14. It’s the only way I can put it.” Boyce is survived by her three children — Kamlyn Young, London Boyce and Victor Boyce — her sister Mamie, three grandchildren and countless people who affectionately call her Nana.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/video-shows-coast-guard-sniper-eliminating-major-drug-boat-operation-11167216
Article: Coast Guard intercepted a vessel carrying more than 20,000 pounds of cocaine in the Eastern Pacific, completing the largest drug seizure to date by a national security cutter from a high-speed "go-fast" boat. Video footage shared by the Department of Homeland Security shows Coast Guard personnel, including a sniper from the Helicopter Interdiction Tactical Squadron (HITRON), using disabling fire against a go-fast vessel during the mission, which was part of Operation Pacific Viper. Tim Kaine (D-Va.), Adam Schiff (D-Calif.), and Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer (D-N.Y.), directs the president to refrain from using armed forces in such operations "unless specifically authorized by a declaration of war or a specific authorization for the use of military force." Since September, U.S. What People Are Saying Hegseth said Tuesday: "We’ve only just begun striking narco-boats and putting narco-terrorists at the bottom of the ocean because they’ve been poisoning the American people." Former Special Counsel Department of Defense Ryan Goodman on X: "This collapses the one 'argument' Hegseth had against it being war crime: "Two men killed as they floated holding onto their capsized boat .. DID NOT APPEAR TO HAVE RADIO OR OTHER COMMUNICATIONS DEVICES, the top military official overseeing the strike told lawmakers." The Department of Homeland Security wrote in a post on X: "Operation Pacific Viper ELIMINATES narco-terrorists in the Eastern Pacific." What Happens Next The Senate Armed Services Committee is reviewing the strikes carried out on suspected drug smugglers in the Caribbean.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nfl/bryan-cox-fired-giants-adbul-carter-11166966
Article: Carter was benched for the first quarter in the Giants' 33-15 loss to the New England Patriots on "Monday Night Football." Amid issues with Carter, the defensive line has underperformed this season.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/black-women-see-huge-drop-in-imprisonment-rates-11166463
Article: The Sentencing Project is an organization that “advocates for effective and humane responses to crime that minimize imprisonment and criminalization of youth and adults by promoting racial, ethnic, economic, and gender justice,” according to its website. The organization released a fact sheet on Thursday focusing on female incarceration based on data from the Bureau of Justice Statistics, Office of Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention, and the FBI Uniform Crime Reporting Program. “Part of the reason for the progress in reducing imprisonment rates more for Black women and men compared to whites is that reforms have disproportionately impacted people living in urban areas, where people of color are more likely to reside. For white women, we see increased admissions for drug offenses.” Why It Matters Budd said she hopes the data will drive people to ask when incarceration will become “a last resort” instead of “the first line of offense.” “These data tell us we are still using the same old tired playbook, versus helping women survive and thrive. What To Know The number of incarcerated women increased by over 600 percent between 1980 and 2023, rising from a total of 26,326 in 1980 to 186,244 in 2023, The Sentencing Project said. “These changes sent more people to prison and kept them there much longer, both during a period of time when crime rates were increasing (until the mid 1990s) and even afterwards when crime rates were declining,” Budd said. Budd, senior research analyst at The Sentencing Project and an author of a fact sheet released Thursday, in comments to Newsweek: “Instead of providing social support to help women and their families flourish, this country relies on a system of punishment that upends family stability and contributes to trauma with little to show in return.” National Institute of Justice, in a January 2025 report on formerly incarcerated women and reentry: “The increase in justice-involved women (and, consequently, incarcerated women) is mainly attributable to several policy-level changes implemented in the 1980s and 1990s, including mandatory minimums for drug crimes, significant increases in female arrests for drug crimes, and growth in assault rates for females due to mandatory arrest policies for domestic violence” Do you have a story that Newsweek should be covering?

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/woman-stomach-cramps-then-comes-biggest-shock-her-life-11144318
Article: “That’s how I ended up at the hospital because I thought something was wrong with me.” Indeed, when the pains became excruciating, Dickerson headed to the hospital to get checked out. Her experience has stunned the internet, with a video showing her new son Champion going viral and generating over 485,900 views and 45,800 likes on TikTok at the time of writing. I’m still trying to wrap my head around all this, but overall, I’m happy.” The online response is beyond anything Dickerson expected, and Champion has already become quite the internet sensation due to his unexpected arrival. Super mom you are!” While another person replied: “My genuine worse fear, I’m glad everything worked out for you.” Do you have any viral videos or pictures that you want to share?

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/nurses-increasingly-turning-to-side-hustles-out-of-financial-need-11135869
Article: Thomas University and released on November 18, found that four in five nurses have a side hustle outside of nursing, with nearly half having started theirs in the last one to three years. Why It Matters The welfare and financial security of nurses have come into the spotlight in recent weeks after the Department of Education excluded nursing from the list of what it determined were "professional" degrees, meaning nurses will now receive significantly smaller loans for tuition and training than other medical professionals. The move has outraged many nurses, as well as patients, and more than 200,000 Americans signed a petition started by the American Nurses Association to ask the department to modify the policy to include nursing. What The Study Found The study also found that nurses with side hustles earn 17 percent of their total income from these additional streams, and the most common side hustles include selling products (37 percent), travel nursing shifts (20 percent), rideshare or delivery (17 percent) and content creation (16 percent). The study also found that 71 percent of nurses took on their side hustles due to concerns about inflation and rising costs of living, while 34 percent started them to cover their student loan debt. Speaking To Nurses With Side Hustles Following the release of the study, and the Department of Education's exclusion of nursing as a "professional" degree, Newsweek spoke to a number of nurses with side hustles. Janine Kelbach, a nurse of 20 years and founder of WriteRN, an digital platform led by nurses who write to share trustworthy medical information online, told Newsweek that in nursing "your salary barely moves," and while a nurse may get a small raise each year, they do not receive anything "life-changing." She said the most financial stress she's ever experienced was during her pregnancy, as maternity leave was unpaid, and so she said she kept working "right up until labor so I could afford more time at home with my baby." "Side hustles weren’t optional—they were part of survival," she said. "It put me in a constant scarcity mindset—always hoping the next paycheck would be enough." With the rising cost of living, stagnant nursing wages, and massive student loan debt, she said, "it’s no surprise nurses are burning out or leaving. "If we want safe, high-quality care and experienced nurses to stay in the profession, fair pay and better support aren’t optional—they’re essential." Jenn Plescia, a board-certified nurse practitioner who set up an intravenous hydration and aesthetics business in New Jersey, told Newsweek that "like many nurses, I found myself needing a side hustle to feel financially secure and to build a future with more stability and flexibility." Her first side hustle—performing rapid PCR COVID tests in 2020—afforded her full maternity leave when she had her second daughter. But again, managing a side hustle on top of a demanding full-time job, was not only hard financially, but also mentally, as she was left with post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) from working as a bedside nurse during the COVID-19 pandemic. Ida Adesina, a former working nurse and American Heart Association instructor and an accredited Nursing Continuing Education (CEU) Provider who runs her own mentoring program for nurses, told Newsweek her experience as a nurse has been "miraculous." "I haven't experienced what many nurses have because I was strategic and got through four nursing programs debt-free," she said. Not having to cover student debt meant she could "save, invest, and afford the things I need." She said that while she does have a side hustle, that business is "designed to help other nurses do what I've been able to do."

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/local/texasam-forest-service-expand-resources-volunteer-firefighters-statewide/500-eef7bc96-a035-4d33-8966-f19c43d630f4
Article: COLLEGE STATION, Texas — The Texas A&M Forest Service approved $17.6 million in funding on Friday to award volunteer fire departments across Texas through the Rural Volunteer Fire Department Assistance Program. The Rural Volunteer Fire Department Assistance Program was established by Texas House Bill 2604 in 2001 to provide grants to rural volunteer fire departments for essential firefighting equipment and training. The funding is the second phase in distributing over $192 million to Texas volunteer fire departments following approval by the 89th Texas Legislature for departments that submitted funding requests on or before Nov. During the legislative session, this program was also appropriated approximately $88 million in base funding for the biennium (fiscal years 2026-27)—the most ever allocated—to address ongoing needs for critical equipment at the local level.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/life/family/army-veteran-receives-keys-to-mortgage-free-home-in-woodway/500-b775a2d4-a305-4985-a50b-d15d283a9f5f
Article: "Thank you for being here today for this special day for Jakob and his family as they get the keys to their new home today," said Lee Kirgan, vice president of Operation Finally Home. "I'm still at a loss of words for today because it's just so remarkable, the way that God has decided to bless me and my family." Walking through every corner brought new surprises. But for these kiddos and for a family, that's something they absolutely deserve." Kirgan said the experience gives him 'chill bumps.' "Handing the keys over to a brand-new mortgage-free home to a veteran who has done so much... There's no way I can even adequately describe it." Kirgan says he's happy not just for the family, but for the community that gets to "experience that joy of giving, especially when you're giving to someone who's literally put their life on the line for you." As Operation Finally Home celebrates its 20th anniversary, Kirgan reflected on the organization's mission to give back to those who gave so much. And they got a family that they don't know how they're going to provide a home for...You can literally see the burden lifted off their shoulders when they find out they're getting a home." The Spraggins family was first surprised with the news on December 20, 2024, at what they thought was a preliminary interview with BAM Builders.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/local/texas/brianna-aguilera-texas-am-student-death-buzbee/285-1c33f8f3-9f47-4d7f-abb8-7c7b1c724807
Article: HOUSTON — Attorney Tony Buzbee is calling for the investigation into the death of Texas A&M student Brianna Aguilera to be reopened with a new investigator, saying the Austin Police Department’s handling of the case has been “sloppy,” “unprofessional,” and based on a conclusion formed “within hours” of her death. Later on Friday after the news conference, Austin police released a statement, saying they stand by the information they've released in the case and said it does remain an open investigation. Family disputes police timeline and conclusions The news conference came one day after Austin police released new information saying the evidence “does not point to criminal activity” in Aguilera’s death and that investigators believe she took her own life after falling from a 17th-floor apartment balcony early on Nov. Her mother said the investigation was “lazy” and full of “inconsistencies,” and Buzbee described the circumstances as “very suspicious,” arguing that police “created more questions than answers.” “We refused to believe that this young woman committed suicide,” Buzbee said, adding that Aguilera “was not suicidal” and had no history of self-harm. Police acknowledged that a rape kit was performed, but “don’t even know where they’re going to send it.” He argued that APD’s lead detective did not have the authority to determine the cause of death and improperly announced conclusions before the medical examiner had weighed in. Buzbee said police eventually confirmed in writing that Aguilera returned the phone to its owner before going onto the balcony, something he argues conflicts with APD’s earlier statements that her friends were asleep and unaware of her whereabouts. “Whoever’s phone she was using was standing right next to her as she went over the balcony—if she went over the balcony.” He also questioned: Why did the friends reportedly wait until 12:14 p.m. Witness accounts family says APD ignored Buzbee outlined multiple witnesses he says were never interviewed by APD, including: A TikTok user who reported hearing “fighting, screaming, somebody saying ‘get off of me!’” between 12:30 and 1 a.m. A neighbor across the hall who said she heard running, screaming, and could tell “something bad had happened.” A person who sent an anonymous message saying Aguilera had been locked out on the balcony. From the beginning, our priority has been and continues to be, to conduct a thorough, complete, and respectful investigation." Background: What police say happened According to the information APD released Thursday: Aguilera had been drinking at a tailgate at the Austin Rugby Club on Nov.

Link: https://abc13.com/post/texas-flooding-911-calls-hard-hit-kerr-county-released-distressing/18256058/
Article: Hundreds of 911 calls during the July 4 Texas flood that devastated the Hill Country have been released from hard-hit Kerr County The Kerrville Police Department released the calls late Thursday following Freedom of Information Act requests from eight media outlets. RELATED: Families of Camp Mystic campers, counselors who died in Texas flood file lawsuits The first call related to flooding in western Kerr County came in to the police department's 911 center at 2:52 a.m. The operator said, "Just know we have everyone heading that way." At 4:19 a.m., a caller said they rescued a pair of young girls who had been swept away from Camp Mystic, a Christian all-girls sleepaway camp located along the Guadalupe River in Kerr County that saw devastating, deadly flooding. "We're OK, but we live about a mile down the road from Camp Mystic and we've already got two little girls who have come down the river and we've gotten to them, but I'm not sure how many else are out there," the woman said. "These public safety team members showed incredible perseverance as they faced high call volumes and did their best to provide assistance and comfort to every caller." Some calls were transferred to neighboring dispatch centers based on the protocols regarding high volume, he said.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/supreme-court-weighs-step-favor-broad-presidential-power-128168964
Article: Chief Justice John Roberts has led the Supreme Court’s conservative majority on a steady march of increasing the power of the presidency The Supreme Court weighs another step in favor of broad presidential power sought by Trump WASHINGTON -- Chief Justice John Roberts has led the Supreme Court 's conservative majority on a steady march of increasing the power of the presidency, starting well before Donald Trump's time in the White House. The court's conservatives, liberal Justice Elena Kagan noted in September, seem to be “raring to take that action.” They already have allowed Trump, in the opening months of the Republican's second term, to fire almost everyone he has wanted, despite the court's 1935 decision in Humphrey's Executor that prohibits the president from removing the heads of independent agencies without cause. The officials include Rebecca Slaughter, whose firing from the Federal Trade Commission is at issue in the current case, as well as officials from the National Labor Relations Board, the Merit Systems Protection Board and the Consumer Product Safety Commission. The only officials who have so far survived efforts to remove them are Lisa Cook, a Federal Reserve governor, and Shira Perlmutter, a copyright official with the Library of Congress. The court already has suggested that it will view the Fed differently from other independent agencies, and Trump has said he wants her out because of allegations of mortgage fraud. Proponents of the unitary executive theory have said the modern administrative state gets the Constitution all wrong: Federal agencies that are part of the executive branch answer to the president, and that includes the ability to fire their leaders at will. As Justice Antonin Scalia wrote in a 1988 dissent that has taken on mythical status among conservatives, “this does not mean some of the executive power, but all of the executive power.” Since 2010 and under Roberts' leadership, the Supreme Court has steadily whittled away at laws restricting the president's ability to fire people. In 2020, Roberts wrote for the court that “the President’s removal power is the rule, not the exception” in a decision upholding Trump’s firing of the head of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau despite job protections similar to those upheld in Humphrey’s case. In the 2024 immunity decision that spared Trump from being prosecuted for his efforts to overturn the 2020 election results, Roberts included the power to fire among the president's “conclusive and preclusive” powers that Congress lacks the authority to restrict. But according to legal historians and even a prominent proponent of the originalism approach to interpreting the Constitution that is favored by conservatives, Roberts may be wrong about the history underpinning the unitary executive. “Both the text and the history of Article II are far more equivocal than the current Court has been suggesting,” wrote Caleb Nelson, a University of Virginia law professor who once served as a law clerk to Justice Clarence Thomas. Jane Manners, a Fordham University law professor, said she and other historians filed briefs with the court to provide history and context about the removal power in the country's early years that also could lead the court to revise its views.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/06/goldman-says-buy-stocks-like-nvidia-wynn-and-dicks-sporting-goods.html
Article: "The launch of Wynn Al Marjan in the UAE in 1Q27, plus WYNN's best-in-class Las Vegas assets, leverage to a higher-income consumer, a strong 2026 Las Vegas event calendar, and an improving backdrop in Macau should drive transformative upside at WYNN," she went on to say. "We reiterate our Buy rating on DKS as the company likely continues to benefit from an ongoing trend towards health and wellness, strong brand heat, market share gains, and structurally higher margins, with gross margins and EBT remaining well above pre-pandemic levels," she wrote. Herzog, who raised her price target to $83 per share from $80, says the company continues be an innovator which will ultimately help drive revenue to other parts of Monster's business. "Bottom line — MNST remains one of our preferred stock picks, as we continue to believe it's one of the most attractive volume-driven growth stories in broader Staples," she went on to say. Nvidia "We reiterate our Buy rating as we continue to believe Nvidia has a sustainable model advantage over peers in AI training applications, we see significant upside to Street estimates, and we view valuation as relatively appealing at current levels." Genius Sports "We remain confident in our view of Genius Sports as a company: 1) well-positioned to benefit from a number of secular growth tailwinds and a clear product roadmap translating into compounded revenue well into the double-digits; 2) well positioned to produce predictable incremental margins (with better visibility into its multi-year cost structure." Wynn "WYNN is exposed to the highest-end customer on the strip. The launch of Wynn Al Marjan in the UAE in 1Q27, plus WYNN's best-in-class Las Vegas assets, leverage to a higher-income consumers, a strong 2026 Las Vegas event calendar, and an improving backdrop in Macau should drive transformative upside at WYNN." Dick's "We reiterate our Buy rating on DKS as the company likely continues to benefit from an ongoing trend towards health and wellness, strong brand heat, market share gains, and structurally higher margins, with gross margins and EBT remaining well above pre-pandemic levels." Monster Beverage "Looking ahead, mgmt struck an upbeat tone as it relates to the category growth outlook next year despite challenging y/y comps.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/06/berkshire-hathaway-is-on-track-to-lag-behind-the-sp-500-in-buffetts-last-year-as-ceo.html
Article: In this article BRK.B BRK.A Follow your favorite stocks CREATE FREE ACCOUNT (This is the Warren Buffett Watch newsletter, news and analysis on all things Warren Buffett and Berkshire Hathaway. You can sign up here to receive it every Friday evening in your inbox.) Just before Warren Buffett surprised shareholders in early May with his plan to step down as CEO at the end of the year, Berkshire Hathaway's B shares were outperforming the benchmark S&P 500 by 22.4 percentage points in 2025. Zoom In Icon Arrows pointing outwards But it hasn't been enough to catch up with the S&P's 37.9% surge since its closing low of the year of 4982.77 on April 8. Zoom In Icon Arrows pointing outwards So, with 17 trading days remaining in 2025, and 26 calendar days until Greg Abel takes over as Berkshire's CEO, Berkshire's B shares are trailing the S&P by 5.5 percentage points. Melinda French Gates: Giving Pledge is a work in progress Melinda French Gates says The Giving Pledge, which she launched in 2010 along with Bill Gates, her former husband, and Warren Buffett has more work to do to achieve Buffett's goal of changing "the norm around what is expected of people with great wealth." The Pledge's website says that "more than 250 of the world's wealthiest philanthropists" have promised to "give the majority of their wealth to charitable causes in their lifetime or wills." Melinda Gates, co-chair of the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation, participates in a panel titled “Digital Public Infrastructure: Stacking Up the Benefits” at the 2023 Spring Meetings of the World Bank Group and the International Monetary Fund in Washington, April 14, 2023. Elizabeth Frantz | Reuters In an appearance on Wired's "The Big Interview" podcast this week, French Gates said, "I wish we had been even more successful with the pledge than we have been to date; it's a problem to continue working on." Have those making the pledge been "actually giving money?" "Some of them, yes, some of them at massive scale, and we are trying to demonstrate through the pledge that you can give at massive scale. You know, some are doing it, and some are trying or aren't ready to." She acknowledged a key problem is getting very wealthy people to begin giving away their money, in part because "it takes a while to know which organizations you can trust to be effective with your money." And if you create your own vehicle, "Who do I hire that I can trust so that it stays with my values, my mission?" "There are a lot of barriers that keep people from starting, but we know what they are. You can go big, you can go bold." VIDEO: In 2018, Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation co-chair and co-founder Melinda Gates sat down with CNBC's Becky Quick to discuss how the foundation was aiming to improve global health and eliminate poverty. In August, a report from the Institute for Policy Studies argued the Giving Pledge is "unfulfilled, unfulfillable, and not our ticket to a fairer, better future," with many early pledgers getting "far wealthier since they signed." A Giving Pledge spokesperson called the report "misleading" with incomplete data that excludes "significant forms of charitable giving," including contributions to foundations. BUFFETT AROUND THE INTERNET HIGHLIGHTS FROM THE ARCHIVE Buffett on evaluating 'moats' (1999) Warren Buffett explains why it's important to look at what he calls a company's "moat," its ability to maintain an advantage over competitors. WARREN BUFFETT: The moat and the management are part of the valuation process, in that they enter into our thinking as to the degree of certainty that we attribute to the stream of income — stream of cash, actually — that we expect in the future and the amount of it. But if you and I were each looking at the chewing gum business — we own no Wrigley, so I use Wrigley fairly often in class — pick a figure that you would expect unit growth of chewing gum, you know, to grow in the next 10 or 20 years. You know, it gets back to Peter Lynch's remark that he likes to buy a business that's so good that an idiot can run it, because sooner or later one will. If there's 6 billion people in the world — I don't know what percentage of them have something in their mind that's favorable about Coca-Cola, but it would be a huge number. And the question is, 10 years from now is that number even larger, and is the impression just a slight bit more favorable, on average, for those billions of people that have it? Holdings are as of September 30, 2025, as reported in Berkshire Hathaway's 13F filing on November 14, 2025, except for: Itochu, which is as of March 17, 2025, and Mitsubishi, which is as of August 28, 2025.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/06/sp-500-quietly-rebounds-to-near-a-new-record-where-to-next-after-a-quick-round-trip-.html
Article: The broad S & P 500 index in the past week barely fluttered the curtains, tiptoeing higher by 0.3%, slowing its two-week, 5.5% rebound rally and finishing just a quarter-percent shy of its former closing high set on Oct. The smooth, if slow, progression reflects a market back in gear after running rough in November, with rotation among sectors supporting the tape and suppressing volatility, the S & P 500 Volatility Index bleeding toward 15 for the first time in almost six weeks. .SPX YTD mountain S & P 500, YTD Yet a close look and careful listen reveal a more emphatic message, that of a market repositioning for a reacceleration of the economy, following the playbook that's often cracked open in an early-cycle phase when the Federal Reserve is loosening policy. The small-cap Russell 2000 notched a new record close, which owes something to the lower-quality speculative names that sit among its largest components, but also rhymes with the notion of a pickup in growth coinciding with the Fed executing another rate cut next week. Still, note the last time these lines gapped apart to a similar degree at the end of 2024, when the crowd insistently bet on "growth-friendly policies" of the new administration energizing the economy. There is general agreement in blessing the consensus S & P 500 earnings-growth forecast of 14%, the assumption that profit margins will stay high and the belief that the index can hold most of its valuation (now at 22.5-times forward 12-month profits). Bank of America strategist Savita Subramanian is more cautious on S & P 500-level returns next year, looking for a modest lift to 7100, and for "earnings to grow in the mid-double digits but multiples to compress by 5-10%." She sees the AI-buildout story growing choppier, with lower returns on capital, as the money-flow backdrop grows less generous: "Liquidity is full blast today, but the direction of travel is likely less not more - less buybacks, more capex, less central bank cuts than last year and a Fed cutting only if growth is weak." An equity market that "broadens" as capital migrates toward older-economy areas – something so many professional investors wish to see — is not necessarily one that would flatter the headline indexes. That's not to say the market will be down over the next 5 years, just that it may well be below average." Then again, this market has for years defied valuation-based mean-reversion arguments. The S & P 500 five years ago was above 23-times forward earnings – higher than nearly every reading since 2000 – and since then it has compounded at nearly a 15% annual rate of return. With the index quickly recovering from its 5% pullback and with short-term rates due to be trimmed further in a few days, the rule that says "Don't fight the Fed and don't fight the tape" is still favoring the upside case. stocks would be up 28% and the Fed is on the way to completing 175 basis points of rate cuts in 15 months with no recession in view and financial conditions lax. Besides, the S & P 500's near-20% mini-crash last spring, which came two-and-a-half years after a 20%, nine-month bear market, means we aren't "due," in any important respect, for a wrenching payback phase.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/06/loan-fraud-author-tells-of-discovering-200000-in-debt-in-her-name.html
Article: In Collier's new book, "What Debt Demands: Family, Betrayal, and Precarity in a Broken System," she tells the story of her decadelong attempt to remove those fraudulent debts from her record, how the experience affected her relationship with her mother, and the role debt plays in so many Americans' lives. KC: My mother's addiction seemed to have started around the time I began college, which means that I was mostly away from home during the years it was the worst. KC: After 10 years of refuting this debt, I used the bankruptcy process to force a conversation, and my mother, the lenders and I signed paperwork that removed the debt from my name. KC: A family with fewer resources will very likely translate to more debt for their student, and maybe for the parents, too, if they take out a Parent Plus Loan.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/06/elliotts-activism-could-drive-upside-as-barrick-mining-hunts-for-new-ceo.html
Article: Business: Barrick Mining , formerly Barrick Gold Corporation, is a gold and copper producer, which is engaged in the production and sale of gold and copper, as well as related activities, such as exploration and mine development. Activist: Elliott Investment Management Ownership: n/a Average Cost: n/a Activist Commentary: Elliott is a multistrategy investment firm that manages about $76.1 billion in assets (as of June 30, 2025) and is one of the oldest firms of its type under continuous management. 18, Elliott announced a position in Barrick Mining and expressed its interest in seeing a potential separation of North American assets from its mines in riskier regions across Asia and Africa. The core of this business is its North America Gold assets, which consists of some of the highest quality deposits in the world, specifically Nevada Gold Mines, a joint venture with Newmont in which Barrick owns 61.5% and serves as its operator. Despite this, Barrick continues to trade at 0.9 times its price to net asset value ratio, a significant discount to North American peers, who trade well above 1x, with best-in-class peers like Agnico Eagle trading at approximately 1.5x. Barrick has not been a top operator amongst its peers and, as a result, they abruptly parted ways with their CEO in September and replaced him with Mark Hill, the former COO, as interim CEO. First and most importantly, they get to have a voice in who the new CEO will be regardless of whether they settle with the company for a board seat or just remain an outspoken shareholder. While they may not always be in the room when the discussions are had or the decision is made, we know of no CEO who would take a job at a company with an activist like Elliott engaging unless they knew that Elliott approved of the hiring. Barrick's North American operations have been sullied by the company's exposure to higher-risk regions and separating the two would go a long way to close the valuation gap between Barrick and Agnico Eagle . Since then, the price of gold has appreciated by over 70% but the company's stock has appreciated by more than 100%, so much of that gain has been realized but there is still some value to be realized from a breakup. They have likely had a position in Barrick for many months at this point and have already received a great return from the company's 100% appreciation in the past six months. Ken Squire is the founder and president of 13D Monitor, an institutional research service on shareholder activism, and the founder and portfolio manager of the 13D Activist Fund, a mutual fund that invests in a portfolio of activist investments.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/06/dollar-general-tops-list-of-most-overbought-stocks-due-for-a-pullback.html
Article: The latest rally, ahead of an expected quarter-point cut in interest rates by the Federal Reserve at its last meeting of the year next week, is sending some of the best performers to the point where they're looking overbought. In an attempt to find the stocks that have run the farthest and the fastest, and may now be overextended, we used the CNBC Pro stock screener to identify those companies with 14-day relative strength index (RSI) values above 70 — a threshold suggesting future weakness — and weekly gains of at least 5%. Alexandria Real Estate Equities, a real-estate investment trust with an RSI of 25.3, is unloved after its stock slumped about 13% last week in reaction to it slashing its quarterly dividend 46%. The Pasadena, California property owner also reduced its 2026 funds from operations per share outlook to a range of $6.25 to $6.55, below analysts' consensus estimate of $6.88, according to FactSet.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/6/lebanese-army-arrests-six-after-gunmen-attack-un-peacekeepers-in-south?traffic_source=rss
Article: The Lebanese army arrested six people after gunmen attacked international peacekeepers patrolling in the south of the country, as a United Nations Security Council (UNSC) delegation was to embark on a visit to the zone. The army said in a statement on Saturday that its intelligence directorate had detained six Lebanese suspects in connection with Thursday’s attack, which saw six men riding on three mopeds opening fire on a UN peacekeepers’ patrol vehicle without hurting anyone. For nearly five decades, its peacekeepers have acted as a buffer between Israel and Lebanon, with further monitoring of a ceasefire struck in November last year between Israel and Lebanese armed group Hezbollah. The arrests were made after Lebanese President Joseph Aoun met a visiting UNSC delegation on Friday, signalling that its members would be embarking on a tour of southern Lebanon to check “the situation on the ground”. Aoun said the delegation’s trip south would help it to “see the real picture of what is happening there”, after discussions on escalating tensions with Israel and the army’s efforts to disarm Hezbollah. However, Israeli forces continue to occupy at least five positions inside Lebanese territory and have conducted near-daily attacks across Lebanon that have killed more than 300 people, according to the UN. Advertisement Israel claims its operations are targeting Hezbollah members and infrastructure to prevent the armed group from rebuilding its military capabilities, but it has killed dozens of civilians in its attacks and destroyed residential buildings and critical infrastructure. The UNSC visit to the country comes amid tentative signs of potential deeper engagement between Lebanon and Israel, with the pair holding direct discussions on Wednesday under the auspices of a ceasefire monitoring mechanism. Aoun told UNSC delegates on Friday that his country had “adopted the option of negotiations with Israel” and that “there is no going back.” But the first signs of engagement in decades angered Hezbollah, which said Lebanon had offered Israel a “free concession” that would not halt the attacks.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/business/consumer/small-business-owners-layoffs-personal-rcna247229
Article: Cautious consumers While some small businesses are actively laying off workers, as the November data showed, others are making more subtle personnel decisions, such as pausing new hiring or simply not replacing workers who leave. She said that while she has not had to lay off any employees, her total headcount has fallen this year by three, down from 24 to 21 because some long-time employees left for health reasons. Bike Friday, a manufacturer of custom bicycles in Eugene, Ore Google maps Scholz says her American customers are pulling back on spending as uncertainty around the rising cost of living weighs on them. At the very least, she said, “it slows the bleeding.” Soaring costs Stuart Leventhal, owner of Down to Earth Living, a decor and furniture store in Pomona New York, is also facing a drop in customer demand. Google maps But Down to Earth Living is also facing another cost it didn't have to worry about this time last year: Shouldering part of the added tariff costs for its largely imported inventory, rather than passing them on directly to consumers. On the other side of the country from Leventhal's furniture shop, Lacie Carroll-Marsh has seen the cost of imported products soar this year at her Snohomish, Washington craft candle company, Malicious Women. “Every single member of my retail team is working at the warehouse.” Blame games As small businesses struggle around the country, policymakers and advocacy groups in Washington are eager to blame the other side for the growing economic pain. “President Trump promised to bring prosperity back to Main Street with an America First agenda that benefits every small business, just as he did in his first term," said White House spokeswoman Taylor Rogers. "In addition to slashing regulations and lowering energy costs, the Trump administration signed the largest Working Families Tax Cut in history to unleash unprecedented growth for small businesses with a permanent 20% small business tax deduction and full expensing of equipment investments.” President Donald Trump delivers remarks on reciprocal tariffs as Secretary of Commerce Howard Lutnick holds a chart during an event in the Rose Garden entitled "Make America Wealthy Again" at the White House on April 2. And then remember, as you deport people, that’s going to suppress private job numbers of small businesses,” he said in an interview Thursday on CNBC’s “Squawk on the Street.” “I think this is just a near term event,” said Lutnick, referring to the job losses at small businesses.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/ncaa/lane-kiffin-teases-big-announcement-after-final-college-gameday-decision-11167478
Article: "The Champ Week trip to Atlanta marks the 10th time College GameDay is originating from the SEC Championship and the third straight season," the Worldwide Leader said in a statement. The Bulldogs are making their third appearance on GameDay this season, while the Tide is making its second." Head coaches Kirby Smart and Kalen DeBoer are scheduled to join the broadcast with a surprise appearance from new LSU head coach Lane Kiffin. After landing athlete Lamar Brown, Kiffin received a message from a fan that read, "All Tiger fans wanted was a coach who works." The head coach responded, teasing more big news in the near future.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/wrestling/wwe-may-be-planning-major-shift-for-veteran-performer-report-11167468
Article: According to a new report from the Wrestling Observer Newsletter, the idea has gained traction backstage following her recent heel turn and Women’s World Championship match against Stephanie Vaquer at "Survivor Series: WarGames". More news: Nikki Bella Reunites With Ex-Boyfriend At WWE Raw The report suggests that WWE may position her as a manager for an "up-and-coming" talent, using her as a mouthpiece rather than relying on her as a full-time in-ring performer. No specific talent has been chosen for her to manage, and Bella continues to be featured as an active competitor while WWE figures out the next step for her heel persona in the aftermath of "Survivor Series". The wrestling world is currently focused on the upcoming "Saturday Night’s Main Event" on December 13, where John Cena will wrestle his final match against either GUNTHER or LA Knight. With the "Royal Rumble" in Saudi Arabia also on the horizon for January 2026, WWE creative is actively reshuffling its roster and storylines to prepare for the road to "WrestleMania 42." More WWE News:

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/dogs-hilarious-reaction-to-getting-caught-wins-pet-of-the-week-11162273
Article: From an unlikely suspect caught at a liquor store breaking bottles in Virginia to a golden retriever stealing a cake from a rural farm store, this week's headlines shone a light on how animals tend to walk on the wild side, at least sometimes. "[The vet] said he either got hurt by playing with another cat or he pulled it out by scratching it." This led to an expensive emergency surgery lasting about two hours. Owner Angela Smith told Newsweek that Patches first started coming around to her house last winter, and being a cat lover, she couldn't stand the thought of him being in the cold. "I got a warm cat house that eventually he started staying in, and a warm cat bowl, and he has been around since." Other neighbors also left food out for him, but Patches instead picked the Smith family to make a home. If you think your pet could be next week's Newsweek "Pet of the Week," send us your funny and heartwarming videos and pictures of your pet, along with a bit about them, to life@newsweek.com, and they could appear in our "Pet of the Week" lineup.

Link: https://abc13.com/post/fort-bend-isd-substitute-teacher-off-job-allegedly-assaulting-student-almeta-crawford-high-school-officials-say/18255276/
Article: Fort Bend ISD substitute teacher off job after allegedly assaulting student, officials say A substitute teacher won't be allowed to return to Almeta Crawford High School after allegedly assaulting a 14-year-old student, officials said.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/06/crypto-investors-estate-planning-taxes-mistakes.html
Article: "Leaving property or mutual funds behind in a will is pretty cut and dried, but with more and more assets placed in cryptocurrency, a large share of inherited assets are in danger of forfeiture," said Azriel Baer, partner in the estate planning and administration group at law firm Farrell Fritz. This issue could be mitigated, in part, by crypto ETFs, which are gaining popularity with investors since the first batch of spot bitcoin ETFs were approved by the SEC in 2024, such as the iShares Bitcoin Trust (IBIT), followed a few months later by ethereum spot price ETFs, such as the Fidelity Ethereum Fund ETF (FETH). Wills, if they exist, often don't include digital assets language Only 24% of Americans have a will that describes how they want their money and estate managed after their death, according to a survey from Caring.com. Even people who have wills in place have not updated them for many years, with nearly one in four Americans saying they haven't touched their wills since their original was drafted, according to the survey. "Obviously, it means time and money going into court." Even with a will, crypto assets can get stuck in court A standard will is appropriate for many people, but many attorneys recommend clients also utilize a revocable living trust as part of their estate plan. Not sharing basic crypto information can cost millions You don't have to tell heirs you're worth a fortune in bitcoin before you pass away, but you should make sure they know how to access your crypto after you're gone. Someone should know how to access the assets, whether through written instructions in a safe box, a safe at home, or directions kept with a lawyer or with one of the various crypto inheritance services that help ensure crypto assets are passed on to your family members, Baer said. Many designated fiduciaries can't handle crypto The person you chose to handle your other assets may not be the right person to deal with the crypto portion of your estate. The recent volatility in the price of bitcoin is a reminder that if you name someone who needs weeks to get up to speed on how to transact with bitcoin, the financial losses could be meaningful, Baer said. Failure to plan for crypto estate taxes With the massive explosion in the values around cryptocurrency, many people have large crypto holdings, which could be subject to significant taxes, whether that's income taxes or estate taxes, and failure to plan could be detrimental to their families, said Jonathan Forster, shareholder at law firm Weinstock Manion. They created a limited liability corporation, transferred the crypto into the LLC and gifted an interest in the LLC to an irrevocable trust for the benefit of minor children with an independent trustee, Forster said. If you want to gift the assets while you're alive, you need to have the basis so the recipient can properly account for the crypto if it's eventually sold, Baer said.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/video/newsfeed/2025/12/6/francesca-albanese-tells-al-jazeera-us-sanctions-have-made-her-non-person?traffic_source=rss
Article: NewsFeed Francesca Albanese tells Al Jazeera US sanctions have made her ‘non-person’ At the Doha Forum, UN special rapporteur Francesca Albanese outlined how US sanctions imposed over her Gaza reports have effectively removed her from the global financial system.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/video/newsfeed/2025/12/6/ukraine-official-warns-of-a-new-law-of-power-after-russian-aggression?traffic_source=rss
Article: Ukraine official warns of a ‘new law of power’ after Russian aggression NewsFeed Ukraine official warns of a ‘new law of power’ after Russian aggression At the Doha Forum, Ukraine’s representative warned Russia’s invasions have created a ‘new law of power’ that will allow strong states to occupy weaker ones unless the international system is restored.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c5yq9yr31mgo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Scottish Conservative peer defects to Reform UK Just now Share Save James Delaney BBC Scotland Share Save BBC The former Conservative business and Scotland Office Minister, Lord Malcolm Offord, has defected to Reform UK. "And that's why I'm leaving the Scottish Conservative Party, because the Scottish Conservative Party, I believe, have given up on Scotland and, ladies and gentlemen, I can't do that." He added: "From today, for the next five months, day and night, I shall be campaigning with all of you tirelessly for two objectives. "The first objective is to remove this rotten SNP government after 18 years, and the second is to present a positive vision for Scotland inside the UK, to restore Scotland to being a prosperous, proud, healthy and happy country." Lord Offord, who founded investment firm Badenoch and Co, was made a life peer in 2021 under Boris Johnson. The group attracted controversy after being forced to withdraw a cinema advert which claimed Scots would lose access to the Great Ormond Street Hospital in London in the event of a Yes vote. She said: "This defection proves what we already know, Reform aren't even Tories in disguise anymore, they are just Tories - the same Tories that broke the immigration system, collapsed the economy and left working Scots to pay the price.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cev80rpxpvno?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Severe weather forces closure of storm-hit port terminal Holyhead Port was partially closed for seven months after damage caused by Storm Darragh in December 2024 Holyhead faced months of disruption after Storm Darragh hit Wales in December 2024 , having only fully reopened in July after seven months of partial closure. The port was closed for five weeks, including over the Christmas period, as engineers fixed one of the damaged berths - Holyhead partially reopened in January and services resumed to a revised timetable.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/us-ukraine-talks-security-framework-continue-saturday-state/story?id=128167820
Article: LONDON -- American and Ukrainian representatives will continue discussions on a possible framework for a peace deal to end Russia's full-scale invasion of its neighbor on Saturday, the State Department said in a statement, following meetings between the two teams in Miami this week. President Donald Trump's envoy Steve Witkoff and Trump's son-in-law Jared Kushner held "constructive discussions" with the Ukrainian delegation this week on "advancing a credible pathway toward a durable and just peace in Ukraine." The statement said the two delegations agreed on a framework of security arrangements and necessary deterrence capabilities that the State Department said will lead to a "lasting peace" between Ukraine and Russia. Handout/STATE EMERGENSY SERVICE OF UKRAI Kyiv has long said it cannot accept any peace deal that does not include concrete security guarantees from Western partners, chief among them the U.S. The readout said that the Ukrainian delegation -- which was led by Rustem Umerov, the secretary of the country's National Security and Defense Council -- "reaffirmed that Ukraine's priority is securing a settlement that protects its independence and sovereignty, ensures the safety of Ukrainians and provides a stable foundation for a prosperous democratic future." The statement also said that the U.S. envoys discussed their recent meeting with Russian President Vladimir Putin in Moscow, plus "steps that could lead to ending this war." "Both parties agreed that real progress toward any agreement depends on Russia's readiness to show serious commitment to long-term peace, including steps toward de-escalation and cessation of killings," the statement added. Ahead of the first meeting in Miami on Thursday, Zelenskyy said in a post to social media that his team's task was "to obtain full information about what was said in Russia and what other pretexts Putin has come up with to drag out the war and to pressure Ukraine," referring to the visit of Witkoff and Kushner to the Russian capital earlier in the week. "Only a dignified peace provides real security, and we fully understand that this requires -- and will continue to require -- the support of our partners." The Kremlin's public statements suggest it is maintaining its maximalist demands, which include Ukraine's withdrawal from territories still partially under Kyiv's control in the east of the country. Russia's President Vladimir Putin, accompanied by Kremlin economic envoy Kirill Dmitriev and Kremlin aide Yuri Ushakov, meets with special envoy Steve Witkoff and Jared Kushner at the Kremlin in Moscow on December 2, 2025. Kristina Kormilitsyna/Sputnik/AP Putin is projecting confidence, last week claiming a "positive dynamic" everywhere on the front despite high rates of Russian casualties -- according to Kyiv's reporting -- and slow battlefield progress. Russia, the president said, is "ready in principle" to "fight to the last Ukrainian." Both Russia and Ukraine are sustaining their long-range strike campaigns amid the White House's latest diplomatic push.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/sports/liveblog/2025/12/6/live-real-betis-vs-barcelona-la-liga?traffic_source=rss
Article: blinking-dot Live Match Live Match, LIVE: Real Betis vs Barcelona – La Liga Follow our live build-up, with full team news coverage, ahead of our text commentary stream of the La Liga match.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/nation-world/christmas-tree-safety/507-a88514fd-730e-4eb8-9be6-d2d558d3f292
Article: The National Fire Protection Association reports that nearly half of home Christmas tree fires are caused by electrical problems, and heat sources placed too close to trees account for about one in four.

Link: https://abc13.com/post/kevin-durant-joins-elite-nba-club-31000-points-milestone/18256119/
Article: Kevin Durant joins elite NBA club with 31,000 points milestone HOUSTON -- Kevin Durant became the eighth player in NBA history to reach 31,000 career points on Friday night in the Houston Rockets' game against the Phoenix Suns. The 37-year-old Durant did it in his 1,141st career game, tying the NBA's all-time leading scorer LeBron James for doing it in the third-fewest games behind Michael Jordan (1,011) and Wilt Chamberlain (1,015).

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/liveblog/2025/12/6/live-israel-kills-3-palestinians-in-gaza-as-deadly-violations-intensify?traffic_source=rss
Article: blinking-dot Live updates Live updates, LIVE: Israel kills 3 Palestinians in Gaza as deadly violations intensify Qatar and Egypt call for the immediate withdrawal of Israeli troops and deployment of an international military force.

Link: https://www.today.com/video/russia-ramps-up-attacks-on-ukraine-amid-peace-talks-253891653590
Article: Copied Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy said Russian drone strikes burned down a railway station in central Ukraine and hit residential and commercial buildings near Kyiv, killing at least one person.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/ncaa/alabama-georgia-suffer-unfortunate-losses-before-sec-title-game-11167599
Article: Ahead of the SEC title game against Georgia, Alabama head coach Kalen DeBoer opened up on the injuries facing the team regarding running back Jam Miller, offensive lineman Kam Dewberry and tight end Josh Cuevas. More Football: NFL Reaches Punishment Decision After Patrick Mahomes Incident vs Colts ESPN's Pete Thamel revealed Miller isn't expected to play as Alabama prepares to be without its top two running backs. Georgia will also be short-handed in the contest, according to Thamel who revealed, "Drew Bobo, their star center is out for this game." He took it a step further by suggesting there isn't much optimism for Bobo to return during a run to the College Football Playoff either.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nfl/dont-start-these-week-14-busts-in-fantasy-football-11167604
Article: Offenses have attacked Green Bay via the run over the last five weeks (33/163/2, 34/111/0, 38/147/3, 20/93, and 39/119/1), leading the Packers to face only 121 passes over this span. He rolls into Week 14 with five consecutive losing days (2/6, 3/35, 5/49, 5/22, and 3/32) in receiving stats, but Metcalf did score in Week 12 on a lateral pass. Read More: Bucky Irving and Three More Must Start Running Backs Baltimore sits 22nd in wide receiver defense (148/1,862/13 on 254 targets), which should invite an upside day for Metcalf.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/betting/draftkings-promo-code-claim-200-bonus-for-cfb-games-300-in-missouri-11167355
Article: Let's take a look at the options: Texas Tech -2.5 alternate spread (-476) BYU-Texas Tech over 37.5 alternate total (-449) Georgia +9.5 alternate spread (-456) Georgia-Alabama under 60.5 alternate total (-456) Duke +16.5 alternate spread (-470) Ohio State +5.5 (-438) CFB Championship Saturday Parlays Make sure to survey the popular pre-made parlays for conference championship Saturday games. These are often compatible with promos at the top of the home page: Indiana, Georgia, Texas Tech, Virginia all win (+744) Texas Tech -12.5, Alabama +2.5, Virginia -4, Boise State -4 (+1223) Ohio State -4, Georgia -2.5, Duke-Virginia over 57.5 (-581) Ohio State, Alabama, BYU all win (+1542) Log in at the start of each day to view the popular parlay options for the biggest games. Then, follow these steps: Enter basic identifying information (Name, date of birth, mailing address, etc.) Make an initial deposit with a secure payment method (Credit card, debit card, online banking, etc.) Place your first bet of at least $5 on any college football game Missouri users will immediately get the $300 in bonus bets Users in other states will get $200 in bonus bets if their initial wager wins Use your bonus bets within one week before they expire Newsweek may earn an affiliate commission if you sign up through the links in this article.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/betting/espn-bet-promo-code-newsweek-claim-100-bonus-for-cfb-championships-nfl-week-14-11167299
Article: Some suggestions are listed below: BYU +23.5 alternate spread (-400) BYU-Texas Tech over 39.5 total points (-450) Alabama +10.5 alternate spread (-500) Duke +15.5 alternate spread (-450) Duke-Virginia under 67.5 alternate total (-330) Ohio State +5.5 alternate spread (-450) Indiana-Ohio State over 36.5 alternate total (-475) Alternate lines like these are great to maximize your chances of winning your first bet and securing the $100 in bonuses. The most popular options are listed below: Texas Tech, Georgia, Virginia, Ohio State all win (+400) Alabama, Duke, Indiana all win (+1229) Texas Tech moneyline, BYU-Texas Tech over 49.5 total points, Western Michigan moneyline, Miami (OH)-Western Michigan over 44.5 total points (+636) Virginia moneyline, Duke-Virginia over 54.5 total points, Ohio State moneyline, Indiana-Ohio State over 49.5 total points (+667) Texas Tech -12.5, Georgia -2.5, Ohio State -4.5 (+648) Unlock ESPN BET Promo Code NEWSWEEK Reward Click here or on any of the other links we have provided to get started with this offer.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/psychologist-reveals-5-ways-parents-accidentally-spark-kids-bad-behavior-11140424
Article: “Questions like ‘Why did you do that?’ or ‘What happened?’ require executive functioning they simply don't have access to in that moment.” What adults perceive as guidance lands instead as pressure. Saying, ‘Let's put on shoes when you finish that puzzle piece’ instead of ‘We need to go NOW’ gives children time to wrap up one activity before moving on to the another." Recognizing early signs of dysregulation can prevent meltdowns altogether.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nfl/pittsburgh-steelers-mike-tomlin-surprising-career-change-11167581
Article: The Pittsburgh Steelers have struggled over the last few weeks and are in danger of falling out of the playoff picture, which could mean tough decisions when it comes to head coach Mike Tomlin.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/ncaa/sec-program-makes-unexpected-coaching-change-after-missing-bowl-game-11167588
Article: Expect there to be some things to change as we get into the next 7 to 10 days," he said when asked if he anticipates adding members to the coaching staff. 6, Lebby reportedly fired defensive coordinator Coleman Hutzler and is replacing him with former Bulldogs head coach Zach Arnett, who was team's defensive coordinator from 2020-22 before serving as head coach for one season. Mississippi State ended the season with a 5-7 record and still technically has a chance at a bowl game as one of the top 5-7 alternates if Kansas State decides not to play its bowl game.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/mlb/mets-devin-williams-sends-edwin-diaz-message-with-future-in-doubt-11166939
Article: If Díaz returns, Williams will not be the closer in Queens, but should Díaz leave, Williams, a two-time National League Reliever of the Year himself, would have the ninth inning. Despite a high ERA, Williams had the second-highest strikeout rate in the big leagues in the second half of the season, 39.3%, among pitchers with at least 25 innings pitched.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/wrestling/wwe-reportedly-planning-big-change-for-2026-royal-rumble-11167537
Article: With the event still weeks away, the company has room to adapt storylines as they develop through upcoming key dates, including "NXT Deadline," "Saturday Night’s Main Event" featuring John Cena’s final match on December 13, and "Saturday Night's Main Event XLIII" in January. The winners of the respective Rumble matches will earn a world championship opportunity at "WrestleMania 42." Uniquely, the winners will have the choice to challenge for either the titles on "Raw" (World Heavyweight Championship or Women's World Championship) or "SmackDown" (Undisputed WWE Championship or WWE Women's Championship). With the event airing on Peacock in the United States and Netflix internationally, the streamlined card suggests a broadcast strategy focused on maximizing the engagement of the two main event Rumble matches, which typically last around an hour each.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/polar-vortex-map-states-triple-cold-surge-11167201
Article: A displaced polar vortex in Canada is set to unleash three waves of Arctic air through mid-December, "delivering the coldest conditions of the season so far," forecasters at AccuWeather said. "The repeated blasts, the first of which is now in place across the Midwest and Northeast, will drive up energy demand and create hazardous travel from multiple rounds for accumulating snow from the Plains to the Northeast,” the outlet said in an advisory shared with Newsweek on Friday. The series of Arctic outbreaks, of which at least three are expected, will likely surge south out of Canada into the Plains, Midwest and Northeast through mid-month, AccuWeather said, adding that the first had been moving south and east through Thursday night. "With rounds of sub-zero temperatures expected in portions of the Plains and Midwest, widespread lows in the teens and 20s can occur as far east as the mid-Atlantic," said AccuWeather. Flurries, snow showers and squalls swept in with the first Arctic front across New York and New England, and more snow will extend from the Plains into the Midwest this weekend, AccuWeather said. "The second blast of Arctic air is expected to advance from the northern Plains today to the Midwest on Sunday and then to the East on Monday," AccuWeather meteorologist Dan Pydynowski told Newsweek on Saturday. "Yet another round of Arctic cold looks to dive southward into the northern Plains on Wednesday December 10 and then progress south and east through the upcoming weekend, December 13-14," the meteorologist said. The coldest days in the Northeast and mid-Atlantic will be Saturday the 13th and Sunday the 14th, according to Pydynowski, with afternoon high temperatures potentially struggling to reach freezing both of these days in New York City.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/ncaa/penn-state-search-takes-bizarre-twist-after-matt-campbell-news-11167534
Article: "He is a stellar coach with a proven track record of success and his values, character and approach to leading student-athletes to success on and off the field align perfectly with the traditions and values of Penn State." Penn State's search for Franklin's replacement ended with a coach that received heavy interest from most major programs like USC and NFL teams like the Detroit Lions and Chicago Bears. This could be spin from the university, suggesting Campbell was a top candidate for the job all along or it could be a legitimate miscommunication from one of the most powerful college football programs in the country.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/old-man-devastated-as-senior-cat-goes-missing-tears-at-what-happens-next-11149628
Article: Julie Nashawaty was supposed to be celebrating her second wedding anniversary with husband, Steve Granelli, on the evening of Tuesday October 21, but all she could think about was Ariel the 17-year-old cat. “The latch on his door didn’t catch properly, and when the wind blew it open overnight, Ariel slipped out.” The more she learned about what had happened, the more upset Nashawaty felt. A 2018 study published in the journal Animals based on a survey of just over 1,200 cats and their owners found 75 percent of those that went missing were eventually found within 500 meters of where they escaped. They came over and, with the help of a step ladder and by moving slowly and carefully, Nashawaty was able to scoop Ariel up and, with the help of her husband and the fellow neighbor, get the senior cat to safety. Seeing Ariel calm and back in her home… It was one of those moments that stays with you.” Nashawaty decided to share Ariel’s story to TikTok not just because it had a happy ending but because of the message it sends that “community matters.” “A handful of neighbors, a ladder, and a little compassion changed the ending of this story,” she said.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/wrestling/released-wwe-star-is-returning-to-action-with-new-name-11167491
Article: The former WWE Tag Team Champion, who was released in May of this year alongside names like Shayna Baszler and Braun Strowman, is set to compete for the first time since her departure.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/ncaa/byu-coach-kalani-sitake-pushes-major-cfp-change-before-big-12-title-game-11167479
Article: He argued this would make it easier for the CFP committee to decide who gets into the bracket when looking at teams playing for their conference championship versus those that aren't. There are also ongoing debates about whether Notre Dame should be considered a playoff team, while other teams like the Miami Hurricanes and Texas Longhorns can make a strong case for the CFP based on who they beat this season. BYU's coach Sitake could be onto something with his idea, as the NCAA has expanded its college basketball tournament over the years, bringing more teams into the competition with the First Four games. The Cougars take on the Texas Tech Red Raiders on Saturday, beginning at 12 noon Eastern Time with coverage on ABC, in a day full of exciting conference championship games which could bring possible CFP chaos and more debates.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/mark-kelly-pete-hegseth-court-martial-11167228
Article: Democratic Senator Mark Kelly of Arizona has shrugged off threats that he will face a court-martial, and mocked President Donald Trump and Secretary of Defense Pete Hegseth as unserious politicians. Why It Matters The escalating confrontation between Kelly, a former Navy combat pilot and current Democratic lawmaker, and figures in the Trump administration—including Hegseth—places long-standing norms about civilian oversight, military justice, and the separation of powers under scrutiny. The controversy follows a video featuring Kelly and five other Democratic lawmakers, all veterans or intelligence professionals, encouraging military personnel to refuse illegal orders—prompting allegations of “sedition” from Trump and the start of federal investigations. The Pentagon confirmed that it had "received serious allegations of misconduct" against Kelly and launched an investigation that could result in a rare recall to active duty for possible court-martial proceedings or other administrative measures. According to NPR, only Kelly, as a formally retired Navy captain, could be recalled for court-martial; such proceedings are extremely rare, particularly for actions taken while serving in public office. That’s how unprofessional this (Justice Department) has become." Trump responded to the video on Truth Social at the time: "SEDITIOUS BEHAVIOR, punishable by DEATH!", later clarifying he was "not threatening death" but maintaining, "IT WAS SEDITION AT THE HIGHEST LEVEL, AND SEDITION IS A MAJOR CRIME. THERE CAN BE NO OTHER INTERPRETATION OF WHAT THEY SAID!" A previous Pentagon statement said: "The Department of War has received serious allegations of misconduct against Captain Mark Kelly, USN (Ret.). § 688, and other applicable regulations, a thorough review of these allegations has been initiated to determine further actions, which may include recall to active duty for court-martial proceedings or administrative measures. Further official comments will be limited, to preserve the integrity of the proceedings." In response to queries about the legal justification, retired military lawyer Mick Wagoner told NPR: "This is a real stretch by the administration. This has generally applied for events that happened on active duty and were discovered post [active-duty] service… It is hard to see it going forward." House Speaker Mike Johnson told reporters: "For a senator like Mark Kelly or any member of the House or Senate to behave in that kind of talks is to me so just beyond the pale." What Happens Next The Pentagon has not yet announced a decision as to whether it will proceed with recalling Kelly to active duty for a court-martial.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/ce86z84e947o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Bethlehem Christmas tree lights up for first time since start of Gaza war 27 minutes ago Share Save Yolande Knell Middle East correspondent, Bethlehem Share Save EPA For two years during the Gaza war, all public celebrations for Christmas were cancelled in Bethlehem in the occupied West Bank – where Christians believe Jesus was born. But after the recent ceasefire, the holy city decided that this year the festivities would return as symbolised by the lighting of its traditional, giant Christmas tree in front of the historic Nativity Church. "We're all living here from tourism and tourism was down to zero." The mayor accepts that the idea of resuming celebrations was not without controversy, as suffering continues in Gaza – including for those in its tiny Christian community, many of whom have relatives in Bethlehem. This is the light of hope for us." Locals – both Christians and Muslims - pose for selfies in front of the tree hung with red and gold baubles in Manger Square. Mayor Maher Canawati was keen to resume Christmas celebrations in Bethlehem "We're very happy to have the tree, first thing, and to see foreigners in Bethlehem and to be able to celebrate Christmas in its true spirit," says local jewellery designer Nadya Hazboun. And this year, if Christmas is peaceful, then I hope it will bring a nice message for the whole world." The neighbouring towns of Beit Jala and Beit Sahour are also planning to light Christmas trees in the coming days. Nadya Hazboun is very happy that the tree is back and tourists are returning to Bethlehem One tourist from Russia, Angelica, is on her second pilgrimage to the Holy Land. When I came before you had to wait in line for a few hours minimum." For now, the souvenir stores dotted around Bethlehem have little business, and outside the cream-coloured walls of the Nativity Church, which date back to the Fourth Century, tour guides largely stand idle. Since the deadly Hamas-led attacks on southern Israel in October 2023 which triggered the war, tens of thousands of Palestinian labourers from the West Bank have been blocked from entering Israel and its settlements for work.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/formula1/articles/cd6xgjgx9ddo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Red Bull used team-mate Yuki Tsunoda to give him a slipstream down the second back straight on his first lap, and the result was the fastest lap of the weekend by more than 0.4secs. And we certainly did that in qualifying." Norris was only third fastest on the first runs in qualifying, 0.456secs off Verstappen and slowest of the title contenders, but he narrowed the gap by more than half on his second lap. I still want to win tomorrow and that's going to be the goal." Piastri said: "The last lap was pretty good, there wasn't a whole lot left in that, not quite quick enough today but it sets up a pretty exciting day tomorrow."

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/louisiana-shrinking-tribes-fighting-protect-left-communities-128170781
Article: Some tribes are fighting to protect what's left of their communities Volunteers fill mesh containments with oyster shells during a reef barrier project organized by the Coalition To Restore Coastal Louisiana in Cocodrie, La., Friday, Oct. They hope to avoid the fate of the Jean Charles Choctaw Nation, a nearby tribe that was forced to move three years ago about 40 miles (64 kilometers) north from the encroaching Gulf of Mexico. It’s a difficult problem to solve without being able to count on the Mississippi River to periodically drop sediment to maintain the land, said Sam Bentley, geology professor at Louisiana State University. "And there are going to be a lot of changes that are very hard to deal with.” Indigenous burial and cultural sites risk eroding, and traditional ways of life — shrimping, fishing and subsistence farming — are under pressure. Since the Pointe-au-Chien tribe had a 400-foot (123-meter) reef built in 2019 to protect a historic mound, the coalition has measured a 50% reduction in the rate of land loss where the reefs were built, said coalition spokesman James Karst. Their work might seem like a tiny drop in the bucket, "but when you are losing land at the rate you are,” Karst said, “you need all the drops in the bucket you can get.” Some of the coalition's most recent work came about 30 miles to the southwest of the Pointe-au-Chien's land, in a project with the Grand Caillou/Dulac Band of Biloxi-Chitimacha-Choctaw Tribe that wrapped up in November. With help from groups like the Lowlander Center, a nonprofit working with Indigenous and coastal communities facing risks such as climate threats and land loss, the tribe is rebuilding in a stronger way. The Grand Caillou/Dulac Band of Biloxi-Chitimacha-Choctaw applied for a federal grant to build a community center stocked with food, water and renewable energy in case of emergencies that's designed to hold up during hurricanes.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/hong-kong-police-arrest-man-posts-deadly-fire-128170637
Article: An aerial view of the burnt buildings after a deadly fire that started Wednesday at Wang Fuk Court, a residential estate in the Tai Po district of Hong Kong's New Territories, Friday, Nov. (AP Photo/Ng Han Guan) An aerial view of the burnt buildings after a deadly fire that started Wednesday at Wang Fuk Court, a residential estate in the Tai Po district of Hong Kong's New Territories, Friday, Nov. (AP Photo/Ng Han Guan) HONG KONG -- Hong Kong’s national security police arrested a man on Saturday in the first publicly confirmed arrest relating to criticism of authorities over a high-rise apartment blaze that killed at least 159 people. “That mainly included (materials intending to) incite hatred among (others) toward the Hong Kong government and the central government,” Steve Li, chief superintendent of the police National Security Department, told reporters. At least 21 people have been arrested by authorities as officials investigate suspected corruption and negligence over a major renovation project that had been taking place at the housing complex before the fire broke out. Last weekend, the organizer of a petition calling for government accountability over the fire was arrested by national security police on suspicion of sedition, local media including HK01 and Sing Tao Daily reported. Li did not confirm nor deny any other arrests but said officials had spotted a lot of fake information about the fire that they believed was intended in part to incite hatred against Hong Kong and Beijing. Li also said that some people were attempting to provoke conflict by distributing pamphlets and putting up slogans near the scene of the fire, which he said resembled scenes from massive anti-government protests in Hong Kong in 2019.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/philippines-china-fired-flares-patrol-plane-disputed-south-128170181
Article: Philippine officials say Chinese forces have fired three flares from an artificial island toward a Philippine plane undertaking a routine patrol in the disputed South China Sea Philippines says China fired flares toward its patrol plane in the disputed South China Sea MANILA, Philippines -- Chinese forces fired three flares from an island toward a Philippine plane undertaking a routine patrol Saturday in the disputed South China Sea, but the incident did not cause any problem and the aircraft proceeded with its surveillance mission, the Philippine coast guard said. It was not immediately clear how far the flares that Filipino officials said were fired from the Chinese-occupied Subi Reef were from the Cessna Grand Caravan aircraft of the Philippine fisheries bureau. Chinese officials did not immediately comment on the incident, Beijing has claimed virtually the entire South China Sea, a key global trade route, and has vowed to staunchly defend its sovereignty. “The Bureau of Fisheries and Aquatic Resources aircraft recorded video footage of three flares fired from the reef toward the aircraft during its lawful overflight,” said the Philippine coast guard, which carried out Saturday’s surveillance flight with the fisheries agency. “These flights aim to monitor the marine environment, assess the status of fisheries resources and ensure the safety and welfare of Filipino fishermen in the West Philippine Sea,” the coast guard said, using the Philippine name for the stretch of the South China Sea that Manila claims. The Philippine patrol plane spotted a Chinese hospital ship, two Chinese coast guard ships and 29 suspected militia ships anchored in the waters off Subi, the Philippine coast guard said. Subi is one of seven disputed and mostly submerged reefs which China turned more than a decade ago into what are now island bases in the Spratlys, the most hotly disputed region of the South China Sea. The United States has no territorial claims in the sea passage but has patrolled the waters for decades and repeatedly warned it’s obligated to defend the Philippines, its oldest treaty ally in Asia, if Filipino forces come under an armed attack, including in the South China Sea.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/wireStory/threats-pile-indiana-republicans-confront-pressure-trump-redistricting-128171369
Article: Republicans in the Indiana Senate are facing threats as President Trump pushes for lawmakers to redraw the state's congressional map FILE - Annette Groos holds a sign before the start of a rally featuring former Transportation Secretary Pete Buttigieg at the Statehouse in Indianapolis, Thursday, Sept. (AP Photo/Michael Conroy, File) FILE - Annette Groos holds a sign before the start of a rally featuring former Transportation Secretary Pete Buttigieg at the Statehouse in Indianapolis, Thursday, Sept. The three are among roughly a dozen Republicans in the Indiana Senate who have seen their lives turned upside down while President Donald Trump pushes to redraw the state's congressional map to expand the party's power in the 2026 midterm elections. It's a bewildering and frightening experience for lawmakers who consider themselves loyal party members and never imagined they would be doing their jobs under the same shadow of violence that has darkened American political life in recent years. Mike Braun and the House of Representatives are on board, the proposal may fall short with senators who value their civic traditions and independence over what they fear would be short-term partisan gain. “When you have the president of the United States and your governor sending signals, you want to listen to them,” said Rogers, who has not declared her position on the redistricting push. “But it doesn’t mean you’ll compromise your values.” On Friday, Trump posted a list of senators who “need encouragement to make the right decision," and the conservative campaign organization Turning Point Action said it would spend heavily to unseat anyone who voted “no.” Senators are scheduled to convene Monday to consider the proposal after months of turmoil. The police in his hometown of West Lafayette knew the senator was a potential target for “swatting,” a dangerous type of hoax when someone reports a fake emergency to provoke an aggressive response from law enforcement. “The country would be an uglier place for it,” he said just days after Vice President JD Vance visited the state in August, the first of two trips to talk with lawmakers about approving new maps. Sue Glick, a Republican who was first elected in 2010 and previously served as a local prosecutor, said she has never seen “this kind of rancor” in politics in her lifetime. Andy Zay said his vehicle-leasing business was targeted with a pipe bomb scare on the same day he learned that he would face a primary challenger who accuses Zay of being insufficiently conservative. “For those who have made a decision to stand up for history and tradition, the tactics of persuasion do not embolden them to change their viewpoint.” The White House did not respond to messages seeking a reaction to Zay's comments. Some 21% of Republican voters backed Nikki Haley over Trump in last year's presidential primary, even though the former South Carolina governor had already suspended her campaign two months earlier. But the governor before him, Republican Mitch Daniels, recently said it was “clearly wrong.” The proposed map, which was released Monday and approved by the state House on Friday, attempts to dilute the influence of Democratic voters in Indianapolis by splitting up the city.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Health/wireStory/house-cats-bird-flu-pose-risk-public-health-118664274
Article: "Companion animals, and especially cats, are 100% a public health risk in terms of the risk of zoonotic transmission to people," said virologist Angela Rasmussen, PhD, who studies disease progression in emerging viruses at the University of Saskatchewan's Vaccine and Infectious Disease Organization. Veterinarian Jane Sykes, PhD, who specializes in infectious diseases in cats and dogs at the University of California Davis School of Veterinary Medicine, said people should not assume it's bird flu if their cat is sick -- even if their animal spends time outdoors or eats a raw diet. The American Veterinary Medical Association says the risk of H5N1 spilling over from a pet to a person is "considered extremely low, but not zero." State and local public health agencies, including those in Los Angeles County and Washington state, have issued similar warnings against raw food diets for pets. Concerns for human health are partly why the FDA announced last month it is now requiring cat and dog food companies to update their safety plans to protect against bird flu. This came after the Oregon Department of Agriculture discovered a cat that was "strictly an indoor cat" had contracted H5N1 and died after consuming a frozen turkey product made by the raw pet food brand Northwest Naturals. It stated that "tests confirmed a genetic match between the virus in the raw and frozen pet food and the infected cat." Northwest Naturals voluntarily recalled that batch of its frozen turkey-based product. The company told KFF Health News and NPR that the recall involved "a small product run" and that it has concerns about the accuracy of the Oregon Agriculture Department's testing. Los Angeles County's public health department said five cats from two households tested positive for bird flu after drinking unpasteurized raw milk from the Raw Farm dairy in California's Central Valley. Raw Farm voluntarily recalled its milk and cream after retail products tested positive for H5N1, but it denies any food safety issues, calling the concern "a political issue." Veterinarians also warn pet owners not to allow cats unsupervised time outside as there's the risk of them getting H5N1 by interacting with other animals that might carry the disease. There isn't a lot of research on transmission of bird flu from companion animals like cats or dogs to humans, though Rasmussen agreed it's definitely a concern: The more infections you have in animals, "the more your luck is potentially going to run out." Most people who have caught H5N1 are agricultural workers who had direct contact with infected poultry or cattle. And the more people who catch H5N1, the more likely it would adapt to be more efficient, said Suresh Kuchipudi, PhD, MVSc, a virologist at the University of Pittsburgh School of Public Health, where he researches zoonotic diseases. Sometimes the results are benign, though it was likely a reassortment that involved an avian virus that led to the 1918 flu pandemic, which killed an estimated 50 million people. That includes limiting a pet's exposure to H5N1 by not feeding them raw food or unpasteurized milk, and trying to keep them from interacting with animals like rodents and wild birds that could be infected with the virus. KFF Health News is a national newsroom that produces in-depth journalism about health issues and is one of the core operating programs at KFF -- an independent source of health policy research, polling, and journalism.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Health/wireStory/long-covid-patients-frustrated-federal-research-found-new-118037671
Article: Despite long COVID's vast reach, the federal government's investment in researching the disease -- to the tune of $1.15 billion as of December -- has so far failed to bring any new treatments to market. This disappoints and angers the patient community, who say the National Institutes of Health (NIH) should focus on ways to stop their suffering instead of simply trying to understand why they're suffering. "It's unconscionable that more than 4 years since this began, we still don't have one FDA-approved drug," said Meighan Stone, executive director of the Long COVID Campaign, a patient-led advocacy organization. Stone was among several people with long COVID who spoke at a workshop hosted by the NIH in September where patients, clinicians, and researchers discussed their priorities and frustrations around the agency's approach to long COVID research. Without clinical trials, physicians specializing in treating long COVID must rely on hunches to guide their clinical decisions, said Ziyad Al-Aly, MD, chief of research and development with the VA St. "What [RECOVER] lacks, really, is clarity of vision and clarity of purpose," said Al-Aly, saying he agrees that the NIH has had enough time and money to produce more meaningful progress. At the end of October, RECOVER issued a request for clinical trial ideas that look at potential therapies, including medications, saying its goal is "to work rapidly, collaboratively, and transparently to advance treatments for long COVID." This turn suggests the NIH has begun to respond to patients. "We've been spending much more money than this, yearly, for 30, 40 years on other conditions." NYU received nearly $470 million of RECOVER funds in 2021, which the institution is using to spearhead the collection of data and biospecimens from up to 40,000 patients. This vast repository, Horwitz said, supports ongoing observational research, allowing scientists to understand what is happening biologically to people who don't recover after an initial infection -- and that will help determine which clinical trials for treatments are worth undertaking. The NIH told KFF Health News and NPR that patients and caregivers have been central to RECOVER from the beginning, "playing critical roles in designing studies and clinical trials, responding to surveys, serving on governance and publication groups, and guiding the initiative." But the consensus from patient advocacy groups is that RECOVER should have done more to prioritize clinical trials from the outset. People with long COVID say this type of clinical research contributes to what many describe as the "gaslighting" they experience from doctors, who sometimes blame a patient's symptoms on anxiety or depression, rather than acknowledging long COVID as a real illness with a physiological basis. Sweeney, director and founder of the Black Long COVID Experience, said she's even taken breaks from seeking treatment after getting fed up with being told that her symptoms were due to her diet or mental health. Insurance Battles Over Experimental Treatments Since there are still no long COVID treatments approved by the FDA, anything a physician prescribes is classified as either experimental -- for unproven treatments -- or an off-label use of a drug approved for other conditions. But I also don't want to hide it." There's a host of pharmaceuticals that have promising off-label uses for long COVID, said microbiologist Amy Proal, PhD, president and chief scientific officer at the Massachusetts-based PolyBio Research Foundation. For instance, she said that scientists have evidence -- partly due to RECOVER research -- that some patients continue to harbor small amounts of viral material after a COVID infection. KFF Health News is a national newsroom that produces in-depth journalism about health issues and is one of the core operating programs at KFF -- an independent source of health policy research, polling, and journalism.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Health/wireStory/spondylolisthesis-spine-condition-reported-plague-luigi-mangione-116920540
Article: "When we get to weakness is really when we start to worry, because that's when that nerve is getting pretty severely damaged and sometimes, especially with certain nerves, once they get so much pressure on them, you get so weak that the nerve actually can't heal itself anymore." She noted that people can develop spondylolisthesis for various reasons. "Acute injuries, like traumas, obviously get more injury to their nerve because it happens all of a sudden, and their nerves haven't been stretched for a long time so they don't have that kind of protective nerve root healing that's slowly going on," Stark explained. Stark said most surgeons also clean out the disc and put in "some type of interbody, meaning cage, into the disc space to allow for anterior fusion as well, because it's a lot of stress on those screws, on the rods, and that can fail over time." This gives the intervention a better chance of holding, she explained.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/06/china-us-technology-spying-senate-concerns.html
Article: Democratic Senator Mark Warner of Virginia, the top Democrat on the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence, is now worried about another Chinese company that he predicts will eclipse Huawei in both scale and consequence: BGI. Today, the Chinese telecom giant is a symbol of how quickly China can dominate a strategic technology sector and in the process create new national security and market threats for U.S. A man visits the booth of BGI at the Healthy Life Chain area of the third China International Supply Chain Expo CISCE in Beijing, capital of China, July 16, 2025. Congressional investigators have previously warned that BGI maintains close ties to the Chinese Communist Party and Chinese military, according to a report from the House Select Committee on the CCP. DNA profiles can reveal ancestry, physical traits, disease risk, and family relationships, and when linked with artificial intelligence, the data can also be used for surveillance, tracking and long-term biological research tied to national security, according to the Washington Post's reporting. Warner described China as a great nation and great competitor, and as a former telecom executive (he was among the founders of Nextel), he said what Huawei was able to execute on — producing good products at inexpensive prices before the U.S. Huawei rose by combining massive state support, global market access and aggressive pricing, not only outcompeting Western firms on scale and cost, but positioning itself inside the world's telecom infrastructure before governments understood the security implications. During a separate interview with Javers at the CNBC CFO Council Summit, the Republican Chairman of the House committee on the Chinese Communist Party, Michigan congressman John Moolenaar, said "We've seen how they run the play of excess capacity, price manipulation, driving people out of business in different areas; they're going to continue to run that play," he said. The Soviet Union was a military and ideological competitor, but China, in tech domain after domain, Warner says — from telecom and 5G to AI, quantum computing and biotech — is a different kind of competitor. Those relationships are now under strain, he said, and key partners including the United Kingdom, the Netherlands, and France have gone public in saying they are reluctant to share intel with the U.S. to leverage innovations occurring around the globe, "even if it didn't arise in America." Across technology domains, influencing standards and protocols are critical to not only maintaining a competitive edge but also establishing ethical boundaries.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/06/4-good-enough-financial-moves-to-reach-your-goals-with-less-time-and-hassle-from-a-money-expert.html
Article: If you feel this sort of pressure, you come by it honestly, says Christine Benz, director of personal finance and retirement at Morningstar and author of "How to Retire." "The [financial] industry has this optimizing mindset," she tells CNBC Make It. "If you're just learning and getting up to speed, you probably start to think that's the only way to do this stuff and that you're doing it wrong if you cut corners." To be clear, if you're the kind of person who enjoys drilling down into every tiny detail of your finances, and has time to do so that's fine, Benz says. Though they may not be moves to "maximize" your finances, consider these four strategies, which she says will achieve similar results "with much less time and hassle." Reverse budgeting Many major financial goals, such as saving for retirement and paying down debt, are predicated on your ability to consistently save a portion of your income, Benz says. "Even if you make subpar decisions about investment selections, for example, if the savings rate is decent, it addresses a lot of things that might not be perfect in the plan." Put simply, consistently investing 20% of your income into a below average portfolio will likely get you a better outcome than putting 5% in and earning above-average returns. Rather than trying to tinker with your spending to optimize your savings rate, pick a flat percentage of your income — Benz says 15% is a good target — and set that money to automatically come out of each paycheck to be put toward financial goals. That's why Benz recommends building a core portfolio of index funds, which come with low fees and merely track the performance of market indexes rather than trying to beat them. "They can give you exposure to a lot of different parts of the stock and bond market with a single holding." "To me, index funds are a great intersection of optimization and the 'good enough' portfolio." Simplifying financial relationships No one wants to park their cash in an account that offers practically no interest. "The best way to tip things in your favor is to go with a low-cost provider that will deliver a persistently competitive yield." In the context of a brokerage, that may mean comparing what you'll get on so-called "sweep accounts" — the places where your money sits within your brokerage account when it's not invested, she says.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/06/week-in-review-stocks-rise-meta-gets-real-on-metaverse-and-salesforce-bounces.html
Article: While the PCE report was delayed because of the government shutdown, it was welcome news in a data-starved market ahead of the Fed's two-day policymaking meeting on Tuesday and Wednesday. .SPX 1M mountain S & P 500's 1 month performance It has been a couple of weeks since New York Fed President John Williams breathed new life into the possibility of a central bank rate cut. It would be a wise move by CEO Mark Zuckerberg, especially if it means the company focuses on technology that can be monetized more quickly, such as Meta's smart glasses and its AI efforts. It's become commonplace to see CrowdStrike — and even our other cyber stock, Palo Alto Networks — trade lower after earnings, only to recover and move higher in the weeks ahead. (See here for a full list of the stocks in Jim Cramer's Charitable Trust.) As a subscriber to the CNBC Investing Club with Jim Cramer, you will receive a trade alert before Jim makes a trade.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/6/gaza-ceasefire-at-a-critical-moment-mediators-say-at-risk-of-collapse?traffic_source=rss
Article: Doha, Qatar – Qatar’s prime minister has warned that the Gaza ceasefire is at a “critical moment” and could unravel without rapid movement towards a permanent peace deal, as Turkiye’s foreign minister also cautioned that the process could lose momentum. Sheikh Mohammed bin Abdulrahman bin Jassim Al Thani told the Doha Forum on Saturday that what exists on the ground amounts to merely a “pause” in hostilities rather than a genuine ceasefire. He said a true ceasefire “cannot be completed unless there is a full withdrawal” of Israeli forces, alongside restored stability and freedom of movement for Palestinians, none of which have materialised. Fidan said that senior US officials “need to intervene in a timely manner so that we can go into the second phase, otherwise we can lose momentum”, adding that Hamas has largely fulfilled its obligations on returning captives. Their warnings come as Israel’s genocidal war on Gaza continues unabated, with some 600 violations of the ceasefire in the last seven weeks, and with three Palestinians killed on Saturday in the latest Israeli attack in the northern town of Beit Lahiya. Advertisement Fidan said several Muslim-majority countries that could send troops to Gaza for a proposed international stabilisation force, now endorsed by the United Nations Security Council, want Turkiye to contribute troops, but Israel’s government is opposed. “Mr Netanyahu doesn’t hide it,” Fidan said at the event, adding that he “openly doesn’t want to see Turkish troops there.” Norway’s foreign minister went further, insisting the force and an international peace council “must be formed this month”. Espen Barth Eide said that the Trump administration’s plan contains sequencing ambiguities that allow “each of the sides to stall on doing their required parts” until the other fulfils its obligations first. Egypt’s Foreign Minister Badr Abdelatty proposed deploying the international force along Gaza’s so-called yellow line immediately to verify ceasefire compliance, noting that “Israel is every day violating the ceasefire and claiming the other side is the one who is violating it”. His warning came as eight Muslim-majority nations, including Egypt and Qatar – both key ceasefire mediators – issued a joint statement condemning Israel’s plan to open the Rafah border crossing exclusively for Palestinian departures. The countries expressed alarm that the one-way arrangement breaches the US-brokered peace plan and could facilitate the permanent displacement of Gaza’s population, only allowing Palestinians to leave their territory, but not to return, and block the entry of humanitarian aid.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/betting/underdog-promo-code-newsweek-claim-100-bonus-for-ncaaf-nfl-week-14-picks-11167376
Article: We have a massive football weekend ahead of us with college football championship games today followed by the NFL's Week 14 slate tomorrow, and that means now is a perfect time to create a new account with the Underdog promo code NEWSWEEK. Let's go through an example: Chase Brown under 53.5 rushing yards Joe Burrow over 253.5 passing yards Josh Allen over 237.5 passing yards De'Von Achane under 82.5 rushing yards Patrick Mahomes over 236 passing yards After you have made your selections, pick between a max and flex payout. Underdog Saturday In-App Promos Underdog is providing users with plenty of profit boost opportunities for several events this weekend: 50% Profit Boost: Get a 50% profit boost for an entry with 3-8 picks ($50 max) 30% Soccer Profit Boost: Get a 30% profit boost for a soccer entry ($50 max) 40% Profit Boost: Get a 40% profit boost for any entry you make ($50 max) 40% UFC Profit Boost: Get a 40% profit boost for an entry you make for UFC 323 ($50 max) 30% Golf Profit Boost: Get a 30% profit boost for a golf entry ($50 max) Sign Up With Underdog Promo Code NEWSWEEK Claiming this offer from Underdog is easy. Just click here and complete the steps listed below: Enter the promo code NEWSWEEK Input basic identifying information (Legal name, date of birth, mailing address, etc.) Make a deposit with a compatible payment method (Credit card, debit card, online banking, etc.) Start making your selections for this weekend Risk at least $5 with your first play to get the $100 in bonuses credited to your account Newsweek may earn an affiliate commission if you sign up through the links in this article.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/how-to-watch-duke-vs-michigan-state-live-stream-ncaa-college-basketball-tv-channel-11165787
Article: How to Watch Duke vs Michigan State When: Saturday, December 6, 2025 Time: 12:00 PM ET TV Channel: FOX Live Stream: Fubo ( try for free Duke escaped with a 67-66 victory over visiting No. Sophomore Isaiah Evans canned a 3-pointer with 21 seconds to go to give the Blue Devils the lead, and junior Caleb Foster and senior Maliq Brown got steals on Florida’s final two possessions to seal it.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/ncaa/nick-saban-urges-ncaa-to-make-massive-change-to-college-football-11167606
Article: However, according to Saban — now in his second year on ESPN’s College GameDay — there should be a commissioner overseeing all conferences, along with a competition committee that “defines the rules of how we’re going to play the game.” “I think we need a commissioner who’s kind of over all the conferences, as well as a competition committee who kind of defines the rules of how we’re going to play the game, because that’s what we don’t have right now,” Saban said. And if you really don’t support that, then you’re kind of supporting anarchy — which is what we have right now.” More news: Big Ten School Lands Massive $401 Million Donation After Hiring New Football Coach More news: Lane Kiffin, LSU Suffer Big Loss as Commit Flips to Ole Miss It’s been a running joke on the College GameDay desk for a while now that Saban should be the commissioner of college football. That includes bowl games and even the College Football Playoff, which happened for the first time this season when Lane Kiffin left Ole Miss for LSU despite the Rebels earning a CFP berth.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/how-to-watch-iowa-state-vs-purdue-live-stream-ncaa-college-basketball-tv-channel-11166381
Article: How to Watch Iowa State vs Purdue When: Saturday, December 6, 2025 Time: 12:00 PM ET TV Channel: CBS try for free ) Live Stream: Fubo ( Iowa State enters the game undefeated at 8-0, riding a wave of confidence after a 132–68 demolition of Alcorn State, a night highlighted by a scorching performance from Milan Momcilovic, who dropped 27 points and helped the Cyclones shoot nearly 71 % from the floor and over 73 % from three. They’re playing their first true road test of the season, but come in with elite offensive numbers: leading the nation in field-goal percentage and ranking among the top teams in 3-point shooting and scoring (roughly 96.3 PPG). The Boilermakers are highly efficient, shooting 51.0% from the field, ranking near the top nationally in assists per game (about 20.6), and showcasing balance, with several players scoring in double figures. Given the home-court advantage at Mackey Arena and depth across their rotation, they start as the favorite, but if the Cyclones bring the energy and shooting, this could be a tightly contested showdown.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/san-diego-considers-30-million-settlement-police-involved-128172689
Article: The San Diego city attorney’s office has agreed to pay $30 million to the family of a 16-year-old youth who was fatally shot by police last January in what would be one of the largest settlements of a police-involved killing case in U.S. history SAN DIEGO -- The San Diego city attorney’s office has agreed to pay $30 million to the family of a 16-year-old youth who was fatally shot by police last January in what would be one of the largest settlements of a police-involved killing case in U.S. He was not a threat and not a suspect, yet he was shot in the back by a police officer who only saw him for one second before deciding to pull the trigger.” If approved, the settlement would exceed the $27 million the city of Minneapolis agreed to pay the family of George Floyd, whose May 2020 murder by a police officer who kneeled on his neck sparked a nationwide racial reckoning. “Defendants committed acts of racial violence against DECEDENT, a teenager, by shooting him in his back as he ran past Defendant GOLD, in an attempt to get to a place of safety.” Wilson was pronounced dead at UC San Diego Health Medical Center less than an hour later.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/wireStory/detroit-reflects-mike-duggans-tenure-final-days-mayoral-128173375
Article: Mike Duggan is stepping down as Detroit mayor at the end of the year after three terms in office Detroit reflects on Mike Duggan's tenure as his final days in the mayoral office near DETROIT -- When Mayor Mike Duggan announced his plan to run for Michigan governor, he did so from a tower in the iconic but aging Renaissance Center overlooking Detroit. “Duggan did a good job from what the city was to how it has been revamped," Millender said from his father's porch in a neighborhood where many homes are dilapidated. “We have it going in the right direction, but the next mayor’s gonna have to go build on what I do and the following mayor is gonna have to build on that mayor,” Duggan said. “It’s going to take decades to bring the city all the way back.” Duggan, a former prosecutor and health center chief, ran for mayor in 2013, when Detroit was broke and saddled with billions of dollars in long-term debt. Bing, a successful business owner and basketball Hall of Famer, was elected in 2009 after a scandal involving once-popular Mayor Kwame Kilpatrick roiled City Hall and forced Detroit's financial straits into the spotlight. It’s going to take decades of growth to get all the way back.” A census estimate placed Detroit's population at 645,705 in 2024, showing an increase of about 12,000 people since 2021, according to the city. “It has to reach the whole town.” City Council President Mary Sheffield, who was elected this month to succeed Duggan and will take office in January, says she will build on his success and ensure “Detroit’s progress reaches every block and every family.” Any mayor's first responsibility is to attend to the “entirety of the civic fabric,” said Rip Rapson, chief executive of the private Kresge Foundation, which provides grants and invests in cities nationwide. making sure neighborhoods have adequate housing, safe housing stock, small business cultures, educational opportunities that anchor a neighborhood.” “People will have quarrels with bits and pieces, but he’s done all of those things,” Rapson said of Duggan.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Health/wireStory/hhs-employees-sort-return-office-mandate-118451884
Article: Employees at HHS and its various sub-agencies are struggling to figure out how to implement President Donald Trump's executive order requiring them to report in-person to their work sites full-time, and how the changes will affect them. The two-paragraph order stated that "Heads of all departments and agencies in the executive branch of government shall, as soon as practicable, take all necessary steps to terminate remote work arrangements and require employees to return to work in-person at their respective duty stations on a full-time basis, provided that the department and agency heads shall make exemptions they deem necessary." The order was further explained in a January 27 memo to agency heads from both the Office of Personnel Management (OPM) and the Office of Management and Budget (OMB). That memo directed agency heads to submit no later than February 7 plans that will "describe the steps the agency will take to revise telework agreements for all eligible employees including major milestones for implementation" and "provide timelines for the return of all eligible employees to in-person work as expeditiously as possible." Agencies must also explain their plans for getting those who are working remotely full-time back to the office, especially those who live more than 50 miles from their duty stations, and outline any exceptions they intend to grant. Joni Ernst (R-Iowa) released a report stating that only 6% of federal workers were in the office full-time; the report was titled "Out of Office: Bureaucrats on the beach and in bubble baths but not in office buildings." Ernst's percentage was very much at odds with a 2024 OMB report -- which has since been removed from the OMB website -- that found that 54% of federal employees work in the office full-time, while the other 46% of the federal workforce is telework eligible, according to a story on the Meritalk website. Generally Popular With Both Parties Overall, however, telework actually has been popular on both sides of the aisle, Max Stier, president and CEO of the Partnership for Public Service, said last month on a phone call with reporters: "There has been bipartisan support for telework in the federal space for many, many years, because it's been shown to -- when well-applied -- provide both for better performance and improved ability to recruit the best talent for federal positions." The Partnership for Public Service says its aim is to build "a better government and a stronger democracy." In the past few years, "there's obviously been a push to try to move people in the federal space back into the office," Stier continued. We know it's really important to understand that you have those [telework] components that have been working very well, even pre-pandemic, and you wouldn't want to disrupt them, because that would have very negative consequences for the American people." The in-office order comes as the General Services Administration announced plans to significantly reduce the federal government's real estate footprint. "So those things do run in conflict with each other, and certainly it's so important to understand the transition needs of any organization." Like everyone else in the federal workforce, HHS's more than 80,000 employees -- several of whom spoke to MedPage Today on condition of anonymity -- are trying to figure out how the back-to-work order will be implemented in their specific situation. Some who have previously worked at the Washington headquarters, for example, say there is likely not enough interior space or parking to accommodate all of the employees if everyone now assigned there were to return full-time. Still another employee said that their colleagues were "none too pleased" to hear about the back-to-office-full-time requirement, noting that the rule appeared to supersede other arrangements in which people could, for instance, work four 10-hour days and get the fifth day off. There are ways to achieve the overall goal of serving the American people well, but this is not that." Changes to Work/Life Balance With this change, "people's work/life balance is about to be completely tipped over," the person continued. They noted that "the flexibility of remote work allowed them to create lives where they were much more productive as parents and still got their work done; if they had to do a carpool at 3 p.m., they could do that and work into the evening. But you can't do that if you're in the office 5 days a week with inflexible workplace rules." Another employee said that telework made it easier to work longer hours when necessary. Before telework, "it would take me an hour to get into work in the morning and maybe 90 minutes or longer to get home in the afternoon," they said, explaining that they worked a 7 a.m.-to-3:30 p.m. But with telework, "I could work before 7 or after 3:30, and that has happened commonly -- things come up and require more than just the 8 hours that you do on Monday through Friday." One thing that might affect whether and when HHS employees return to the office full-time is any collective bargaining agreements that employee unions have with the federal government. "In the OPM memo, they indicated that there were some issues that need to be resolved through the collective bargaining process before employees that were represented by the unions could actually return to the office," the employee added.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/6/south-africa-shooting-leaves-12-dead-including-young-child-police?traffic_source=rss
Article: Athlenda Mathe, spokesperson for the South African Police Service (SAPS), confirmed on Saturday that a total of 25 people were shot in the bar in Saulsville township, 18km (11 miles) west of Pretoria, adding that 14 had been taken to hospital. The shooting occurred in what Mathe described as an “illegal shebeen” – or bar – within a hostel at about 4:30am (02:30 GMT), with three gunmen indiscriminately firing at a group of men who were drinking. The country has one of the world’s highest murder rates, spurred by robberies and gang violence, with some 63 people killed each day between April and September, according to police data.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/opinions/2025/12/6/why-qatar-lives-rent-free-in-the-far-rights-head?traffic_source=rss
Article: Laura Loomer, a US-based influencer who acts as an unofficial loyalty enforcer for US President Donald Trump, has reinvented herself as an expert on “Qatar infiltration” and the Muslim Brotherhood. Over the past two years, Qatar has been cast as a catch-all villain, the hidden architect of Western decay: Bankrolling student protests, driving immigration, manipulating US diplomacy, and advancing the “Islamification” of the West. Yet while Loomer’s admiration among traditionally anti-Semitic white nationalists has prompted concern from some members of the American Jewish community, her fierce pro-Israel politics sometimes override concerns about the extremism she channels. Even Republican leaders are folded into the conspiracy, with baseless claims that Congresswoman Lisa McClain and her staff leaked internal questions from a committee hearing on anti-Semitism to the Qatari embassy. The fantasy of ‘Eurabia’ The pattern in these narratives fuses two older conspiratorial narratives: the “Red-Green alliance” myth – claiming a covert ideological pact between the radical left (red) and Islamists (green) – and the early-2000s “Eurabia” theory popular in Islamophobic and hardline pro-Israel circles, which alleges that European elites had secretly colluded with Arab states to Islamise the West. Advertisement This Eurabia trope has mutated into a new storyline: Qatar, as the puppeteer of Western decline, is buying influence to smuggle Islamism via the Muslim Brotherhood into the heart of Europe and the United States. Although Robinson put out anti-Qatar content after October 7, 2023, his interest in Qatar appeared to intensify after a recent trip to Israel, at the invitation of Amichai Chikli, Israel’s Minister of Diaspora Affairs. Think tanks like MEF, the Foundation for the Defense of Democracies (FDD), and the Israel-funded Institute for the Study of Global Antisemitism and Policy (ISGAP) have developed an increasingly unhinged obsession with Qatar. For others, it’s geopolitical: Qatar’s role as a mediator with Hamas frustrates Israeli hardliners who would prefer isolation over negotiation, while other regional powers’ longstanding rivalry with Doha’s influence in the Arab world gives an incentive to amplify hostility and drive a wedge between Qatar and the United States. In the US, there’s also a domestic political calculation: Framing Qatar as the hidden sponsor of campus protests, left-wing movements and even conservative dissenters gives culture warriors a convenient external enemy to rally against. But the propaganda obsession with painting Doha as the nucleus of a global Islamist plot is an absurd conspiracy theory designed to appeal to the Republican Party, which, as Mike Rothschild argues, is increasingly beholden to conspiracy theories.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/world/gaza/gaza-ceasefire-talks-critical-moment-second-phase-rcna247725
Article: The body of just one Israeli hostage remains in Gaza, nearing the fulfillment of a key plank of President Donald Trump’s 20-point ceasefire plan for the enclave, but major hurdles exist to a planned second phase. Phase two of Trump’s plan calls for the establishment of a new governing mechanism in Gaza, the disarmament of Hamas, and the formation of an international stabilization force, known as the ISF, that would take over responsibility from the Israel Defense Forces currently occupying parts of the Gaza Strip. Qatari Prime Minister Sheikh Mohammed bin Abdulrahman al-Thani, whose country has played a key role in a series of international negotiations, said Saturday that discussions were at a “critical” moment. "A ceasefire cannot be completed unless there is a full withdrawal of Israeli forces, (until) there is stability back in Gaza, people can go in and out, which is not the case today," he said. Egypt’s Foreign Minister Badr Abdelatty told the conference that the International Stabilization Force was needed "as soon as possible on the ground," while Norway's Foreign Minister Espen Barth Eide said measures must be put in place this month, warning the current ceasefire "cannot hold for many more weeks in its current phase." As the international community hopes for progress, the ceasefire’s trajectory so far underscores both its fragile gains and its persistent vulnerabilities. A Palestinian girl walk to a classroom, as displaced adults sit near hanging laundry watching, at the UNRWA Deir al-Balah Joint School, west of Deir al-Balah, in the central Gaza Strip on Dec. Bashar Taleb / AFP - Getty Images Since the ceasefire came into effect on 10 October, 20 living hostages and the remains of 27 others have been returned to Israel. Israel has repeatedly said all hostages must be returned before a phase two deal, with Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu this week stressing the need for an “intensive and immediate effort” to complete the commitment. Israel agreed to halt its assault on the Gaza Strip during the ceasefire, but flare-ups and violence have persisted, with Israeli strikes killing more than 350 people since the ceasefire began, taking the death toll in the enclave beyond 70,000, according to Palestinian Health Ministry figures. Israel said Gaza’s Rafah crossing in the south will soon reopen to allow Palestinians to enter Egypt, but it will not reopen the crossing in both directions — another commitment under the deal — until Gvili’s remains are returned. While Trump's peace plan stipulates that Hamas will disarm, the group has reasserted control of Gaza during the first phase of the ceasefire and shown no immediate signs of disarmament. And when it comes to Gaza's governance, Hellyer added, "Trump can create his board of peace," referring to the group that would sit atop Gaza's governing structure under Trump's plan, but "you can’t simply enforce this stuff on the ground without cooperation from the population, unless you just want to turn it into a new type of occupation." Turkey’s Foreign Minister Hakan Fidan said on Saturday that negotiations over the Gaza stabilization force remain ongoing, including its mandate and rules of engagement, and that its main objective should be to separate Israelis and Palestinians along the border. "I think once we deploy ISF, the rest will come." But Fawaz Gerges, professor of international relations at the London School of Economics, echoed Hellyer's concerns, noting that so far, "no state has agreed to support its forces into Gaza and potentially and ultimately get into confrontation with Hamas." Gerges also feared that "we will never see the actual implementation of what phase two is supposed to be," adding it was "an illusion" to call what’s happening in Gaza a ceasefire, "because the Palestinians, particularly civilians, continue to be killed on a daily basis." "Even though the humanitarian situation of the Palestinians has improved a bit, it’s still catastrophic," he said.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cvg87j86xg3o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Young people are getting a 'raw deal', and that's good news for the Greens and Reform 39 minutes ago Share Save Laura Kuenssberg Presenter, Sunday with Laura Kuenssberg Share Save BBC "If I was a politician I'd be going, 'Oh blimey, there is a demographic time bomb'. There are now people of voting age - well into their 30s - who just have not had a good deal, and they have started to vote with their feet." Whether it's paying for a decent place to live, struggling with student debt, or finding a suitable job - one leader in the youth sector warns the government needs to urgently deal with the profound problems affecting young people. The fact that around a million are not working, not studying and not being trained for anything - being described by that ugly acronym, Neet (not in education, employment or training). An average of four polls carried out this autumn for the research group, More in Common - which polled around 2,000 people each time - show Zack Polanski's Green party the most popular with young women. The polls show Nigel Farage's party and the Greens are tying on 20% behind Labour's 30% with young men, but Reform is leading the pack among young men who don't have degrees. Luke Tryl, from More in Common says with all the pressure "it's little wonder that these young people are giving up on mainstream politics and instead turning to parties that promise to burn it all down and start again like Reform and the Greens". I don't think the Work and Pensions Secretary Pat McFadden will be that blunt when he joins us in the studio tomorrow to talk about tackling the rising numbers of young people who aren't working. Separately, after an interview with us earlier this year when the health secretary said he thought mental health problems were over-diagnosed, Wes Streeting now suggests he'd been too quick to judge. Given the party's historic belief in the welfare state it is not easy for Labour politicians to say this out loud, but sometimes, as one minister admits privately, "if you can get more money by claiming you are sick, it is logical to do so". Although the government had to back down from changes to some benefits in the face of angry backbenchers, the former Work and Pensions Secretary, Liz Kendall, did introduce the idea of "right to try", where people can try out a job, without the fear of losing their income, and having to reapply for benefits if it doesn't work out. Bloomberg via Getty Images One government source says: "The left have a very paternalistic view that people on welfare can't look after themselves, the right thinks those people will never make anything of themselves. We have to reject both of those views." But with the costs of welfare spiralling, and the sheer number of young people not gainfully employed or learning, there is a political, financial, and perhaps even moral pressure on the government to act. But in the next few months the government will introduce the Youth Guarantee, which will give young people who haven't had a job or been studying for 18 months guaranteed paid work. A youth charity boss suggests: "It's like a guilty secret, the country knows that young people are getting a raw deal but nobody is doing anything about it." Ministers would deny that claim, but there is an apparent political danger for those who choose not to confront it - and perhaps an opportunity for politicians who do.

Link: https://www.nytimes.com/video/opinion/100000010567489/pete-hegseth-is-ordering-executions-at-sea.html
Article: But at the beginning of the attack, Secretary Hegseth had reportedly given an order to “kill everybody,” which led the commander of the operation, Admiral Frank Mitchell Bradley, to order a second strike that killed those survivors. I’m questioning why the administration is engaging in this campaign.” Everyone should be held accountable for their role, but we should remember that as Secretary of Defense, Pete Hegseth is responsible for the American military. But whether he’s posting bizarre memes about his boat strikes, or sending detailed military plans to a group chat that accidentally included a journalist, It doesn’t seem to be getting through to him: Our leaders have to abide by the law, and if they don’t, Our leaders have to abide by the law, and if they don’t, they should be removed.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/opinions/2025/12/6/world-cup-2026-re-disappearing-mexicos-disappeared?traffic_source=rss
Article: The city of Guadalajara in Mexico is scheduled to host four World Cup matches next year, and labourers are working around the clock to revamp infrastructure in time for the tournament. Advertisement In the case of Cardenas Flores, the poster specified that the young man had been “taken” on May 19 by agents from the state prosecutor’s office, from which appointment he never returned. While there is a tendency to blame Mexico’s astronomical disappearance rates on violent drug cartels, including the notorious Jalisco New Generation Cartel, the government is thoroughly implicated in the phenomenon, as well – whether by direct action, collaboration with criminal outfits, or simply in terms of safeguarding the panorama of near-total impunity that permits such crimes to flourish. It bears underscoring, too, that the vast majority of disappearances took place following the launch in 2006 of Mexico’s so-called “war on drugs”, which not only failed to resolve the drug issue but also set the stage for more than 460,000 homicides in the country. But heaven forbid World Cup spectators be subjected to such a morbid reality – although it is becoming rather difficult to cover up the discovery of mass clandestine graves and hundreds of bags containing human remains in the vicinity of the Guadalajara football stadium. While in Guadalajara, I spoke with Maribel Cedeno, a representative of the Guerreros Buscadores de Jalisco (Warrior Searchers of Jalisco), one of various collectives dedicated to the search for the missing in the face of willful government inaction. As Cedeno commented to me, “absolutely nothing has changed” during the presidency of Claudia Sheinbaum, who assumed office last year after promising a more sympathetic approach to the issue of Mexico’s disappeared. In March, the Guerreros Buscadores de Jalisco discovered a clandestine crematorium on a ranch outside the town of Teuchitlan, an hour from Guadalajara, which was reportedly utilised by the Jalisco New Generation Cartel as a recruitment and training centre in addition to an extermination site. On my final day in Guadalajara, I took an Uber out to the ranch, which appeared on the Uber app as “Campo de adiestramiento y exterminio” – training and extermination camp. Thinking better of it, I put the Teuchitlan town centre as my destination, and while en route proposed to the driver that I pay him in cash to swing by the ranch, as well. A gregarious middle-aged man from eastern Jalisco, the driver had spent 11 years as an undocumented worker in California and Oregon; his son was studying engineering at a university in Michigan. He had personally known several people, including two sisters, who had been disappeared from his hometown, and lamented that the only time the Mexican authorities seemed inspired to seek justice for homicides was when the victims themselves had been members of the security forces. And although a die-hard football fan, the driver said he could not justify the state’s decision to pour massive quantities of money into a World Cup spectacle that would not remotely benefit the average Mexican. When we found the camp blocked by the Mexican National Guard – an outfit with which I have had my fair share of unpleasant run-ins – we returned to battle the traffic of Guadalajara. To be sure, it is in the distinct interest of the Mexican government to retroactively cover up whatever it can about Teuchitlan, which has already caused enough damage due to the uncharacteristically wide international media coverage the case received. And while efforts to bury that grave for the World Cup may be a first-half goal for organised crime and complicit politicians alike, the score could still be settled in the second half – by the people who refuse to let their disappeared loved ones be definitively disappeared.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/politics/trump-administration/national-parks-trump-birthday-free-days-juneteenth-mlk-interior-rcna247734
Article: The Department of the Interior made the changes last month, designating those 2026 dates “resident-only patriotic fee-free days.” Other changes include adding the Fourth of July weekend and President Theodore Roosevelt’s birthday to the list, while removing the anniversary of the Great American Outdoors Act in August and National Public Lands Day in September. In a press release announcing new prices for annual passes to the nation’s national parks for nonresidents, the Interior Department — led by Interior Secretary Doug Burgum — also released a list of fee-free dates for next year. Qian Weizhong / VCG via Getty Images file The dates for 2026 include President’s Day in February, Memorial Day in May, Flag Day/Trump’s birthday in June, Independence Day weekend in July, the 110th Birthday of the National Park Service in August, Constitution Day in September, Theodore Roosevelt’s birthday in October and Veteran’s Day in November. One of those dates — Veteran’s Day — has been a fee-free day before, according to a list of the 2025 fee-free dates and a list of the 2024 fee-free dates. Another date that has been observed as a fee-free day in the past that wasn’t included on the 2026 list is the first day of National Park Week in April. In a 2025 announcement regarding fee-free days, the National Parks Service website said that free admission would be offered to everyone, but a notice regarding upcoming changes for 2026 said that entrance fee-free days will “only apply to US citizens and residents.” Representatives for the White House, the Interior Department and the National Park Service did not immediately respond to a request for comment about the changes. The National Park Service earlier this year faced public criticism for removing content from its website about Harriet Tubman and the Underground Railroad, though the agency restored the content in April.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/betting/draftkings-missouri-promo-code-claim-300-bonus-for-cfb-championship-games-11167303
Article: DraftKings Sportsbook is extending its launch offer for those located in Missouri this weekend, so you will be able to bet $5 on any game to unlock $300 in bonus bets. DraftKings Missouri Promo Code For CFB Saturday Let's use the Indiana-Ohio State game as an example, as this matchup between the top two teams in the country will garner a lot of attention. Go to the college football section to find these trending options: Indiana, Georgia, Texas Tech, Virginia all win (+768) Ohio State, Georgia, Virginia all win, BYU +12.5 (+720) Indiana +4, Georgia -1.5, Virginia -4, BYU-Texas Tech under 24.5 1st half pooints (+1185) Ohio State -4, Georgia -1.5, Duke-Virginia over 57.5 total points (+584) Indiana +4, Georgia -1.5, BYU +12.5, Virginia -4 (+1240) Ohio State, Alabama, BYU all win (+1427) Claim DraftKings Missouri Promo Code Offer Follow these steps and take note of additional details with this offer from DraftKings Sportsbook: to go through the registration process Click here to go through the registration process Enter basic identifying information (Name, birth date, mailing address, etc.) Make a deposit with a compatible payment method (Credit/debit card, etc.) Place your initial $5 bet on any game Gambling problem?

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/betting/missouri-sports-betting-apps-every-offer-you-need-for-cfb-ufc-323-nfl-week-14-11167284
Article: Fanatics Sportsbook: Claim $300 In FanCash Bet $10 each of the first three days after you sign up with Fanatics Sportsbook to get $100 in FanCash for each of those wager. ESPN BET (Now theScore Bet) Promo Code NEWSWEEK: Unlock $100 Bonus Offer ESPN BET has rebranded to theScore Bet for the start of December, and new users can still get in on a $100 bonus welcome offer.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nba/luka-doncic-shares-personal-news-after-missing-second-straight-game-2-11167793
Article: After defeating the Toronto Raptors on Thursday night on a last-second buzzer-beater from Rui Hachimura, they traveled to Boston for a matchup at TD Garden against the Celtics, where they were dominated from start to finish while missing both Luka Doncic and LeBron James. Head coach JJ Redick noted after Thursday’s win that there is no set timeline for Doncic’s return, though many expect he could be back for Sunday’s matchup against the Philadelphia 76ers—a significant boost for the 16-6 Lakers, who have leaned heavily on Austin Reaves in the absence of both Doncic and LeBron James.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nfl/jared-goff-incident-could-lead-to-big-nfl-fine-for-cowboys-pass-rusher-11167875
Article: The Dallas Cowboys’ playoff chances took a big hit with their 44-30 Week 14 loss to the Detroit Lions on “Thursday Night Football.” And while the defeat stung, it could prove costly for one certain Cowboys player. Up 30-27 with 8:24 left in the fourth quarter, Lions quarterback Jared Goff fired off a 29-yard completion to wide receiver Jameson Williams that set them up right outside the red zone. The penalty moved Detroit up to the Dallas 13-yard line, and two plays later, Jahmyr Gibbs punched it in from 10 yards out and extended the Lions lead to 37-27. More News: Browns QB Shedeur Sanders’ Popularity Tops All NFL Players in New Ranking More News: AT&T Stadium’s Temporary Name Change Has Cowboys Fans Upset That late hit from Houston, who finished with two tackles, two pressures, one sack, and one QB hit, cost the Cowboys in the game, and it’s likely to cost him personally as there’s a strong chance the 27-year-old pass-rusher will be fined next weekend for his late hit. The NFL has been cracking down on unsportsmanlike conduct penalties this season, and with an increased emphasis on protecting QBs, Houston’s actions are likely to draw a $17,389 fine for hit on a quarterback. No Cowboys players were fined last week, but two weeks ago linebacker DeMarvion Overshown was hit with a $8,166 fine for a late hit and wide receiver George Pickens was penalized $26,085 for use of a prop.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/how-to-watch-real-betis-vs-barcelona-live-stream-la-liga-tv-channel-11166198
Article: How to Watch Real Betis vs Barcelona Date: Saturday, December 6, 2025 Time: 12:30 PM ET Channel: ESPN+ ( watch now ) Stream: ESPN Real Betis come in riding a solid spell, unbeaten in their last several La Liga matches and currently in the top five, with a home fixture at a neutral venue providing a chance to build momentum.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/three-children-killed-in-mass-shooting-at-south-africa-bar-11167641
Article: A mass shooting at an unlicensed bar in South Africa early Saturday morning left 11 people dead, including three children, and another 14 people injured, according to local police spokesperson. The latest incident comes amid a backdrop of persistently high homicide rates in South Africa, which recorded more than 26,000 homicides in 2024—a figure translating to over 70 killings a day and placing the nation among those with the highest per capita murder rates globally. "What I can tell you is that these illegal shebeens are really giving us a problem as the police, because a lot of murders are being reported at these illegal establishments," she said. What People Are Saying Brigadier Athlenda Mathe, spokesperson for the South African Police Services, told Radio Bloem Saturday: “It's quite problematic, because also in these mass shootings, it's either they happen at licensed premises or illegal shebeens. So we are intensifying our operations in terms of our inspections, and that is why you see a large number of them being shut down." What Happens Next South African police have launched a manhunt for three unidentified male suspects and are appealing to the public for information.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/donald-trump-suffers-legal-blow-over-guantanamo-bay-move-11167472
Article: Why It Matters The ruling delivers a significant legal setback for the administration’s hard‑line immigration enforcement policy, adding to a series of court challenges that have questioned the legality and scope of its immigration enforcement tactics, particularly the use of Guantanamo Bay as a detention site for migrants awaiting deportation. In February, the White House began holding migrants designated for deportation at Guantanamo Bay, following an order from President Trump to prepare the facility to accommodate up to 30,000 individuals. The judge did not order Secretary of Homeland Security Kristi Noem to close the facility; however, the ACLU said the organization plans to seek a closure order: a court directive that requires a facility to be shut down. What People Are Saying ACLU Attorney Lee Gelernt said: “The court squarely rejected the Trump administration’s legal claim that Congress gave it the extraordinary power to detain immigrants in military bases overseas. We will now move promptly to end the policy based on this legal ruling.” “The Trump administration cannot be allowed to build upon Guantanamo’s sordid past with these latest cruel, secretive, and illegal maneuvers,” Eunice Cho, senior staff attorney with the ACLU’s National Prison Project, said in a previous statement. "Our Constitution does not allow the government to hold people incommunicado, without any ability to speak to counsel or the outside world." President Donald Trump said on January 29: "We have 30,000 beds in Guantanamo to detain the worst criminal illegal aliens threatening the American people. Some people are so bad, we don't even trust the countries to hold them because we don't want them coming back, so we're going to send them out to Guantanamo." What Happens Next The ruling may create substantial operational and political complications for the Trump administration, which has framed tougher immigration enforcement as central to its agenda.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/how-to-watch-western-michigan-vs-miami-ohio-live-stream-mac-championship-game-tv-channel-11165695
Article: The Western Michigan Broncos (8-4) look to avenge their only Mid-American Conference loss of the season on Saturday and win their first MAC title since 2016 when they take on the Miami (Ohio) Redhawks (7-5) in the conference championship game at Ford Field in Detroit. How to Watch Western Michigan vs Miami (Ohio) When: Saturday, December 6, 2025 Time: 12:00 PM ET TV Channel: ESPN try for free ) Live Stream: Fubo ( Western Michigan finished a 7-1 MAC campaign with a 31-21 win at Eastern Michigan on Nov.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/ncaa/nick-saban-reveals-how-he-guided-a-very-confused-lane-kiffin-11167736
Article: LSU head coach Lane Kiffin was scheduled to make an appearance with ESPN's "College GameDay" on Saturday morning, but was unable to make the trip to Atlanta as he landed the nation's No. Still, the "College GameDay" crew discussed Kiffin's ultimate decision to leave the Ole Miss Rebels in the midst of their program-best season to take his new heading coaching gig in Baton Rouge. During his introductory press conference at LSU, Kiffin revealed that he called a few veteran coaches from his college football past for advice — including former Alabama Crimson Tide head coach and current ESPN "College GameDay" analyst Nick Saban. Saban revealed the role he played in Kiffin's decision during Saturday morning's episode of "College GameDay." “Well, I think I get a lot of calls, because some people view me maybe as a senior professional that has a lot of experience in the game, after 50 years, 25 years of the head coach, so as a person, as a human being, you want to help everybody you can,” Saban said, via On3 Sports. “You know, I’m kind of in this for the betterment of the game, really, for the players and coaches…So anyone who calls me, whether it’s a player, a coach, an administrator, I try to do the best I can, to give them the best information to make the best decisions for the betterment of the game." ... More Football: Florida Legend Steve Spurrier Calls Out Lane Kiffin’s LSU Move “The first thing I ask a coach, if he’s talking about contemplating changing jobs, is, what do you want to do? I just try to bring some thought into it so that they can make good decisions for themselves and their family and their future.” Kiffin left Ole Miss just before its College Football Playoff run.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/ncaa/urban-meyer-has-strong-advice-for-ohio-states-ryan-day-on-texas-cfp-snub-11167712
Article: Ohio State legend Urban Meyer offered a bold suggestion for current Buckeyes coach Ryan Day based on the games he schedules and how they could impact his College Football Playoff situation. That brings into question whether or not that game could hurt or help Texas, much like it seemed to hurt Texas this season, giving them an early loss, which is one of their three this season.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/betting/sleeper-promo-code-newsweekxl-get-120-bonus-for-cfb-championships-nfl-week-14-11167369
Article: By taking full advantage of both parts of the promotion, you can claim a total of $120 in bonuses, giving you a substantial bankroll to use on tonight's NBA slate, including the featured Warriors vs. Butler is averaging 19.5 points on an efficient 51.9% from the field and will attack a Cavaliers frontcourt that is missing the defensive presence of both Jarrett Allen and Larry Nance Jr. For example, if your first deposit is $50, Sleeper will match it with $50 in bonus funds, and you will still receive the additional $20 bonus for a total of $70 in site credit.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/betting/fanduel-promo-code-get-150-bonus-for-cfb-games-300-missouri-offer-11167336
Article: The suggestions that are provided below are made with the national offer in mind, as the initial $5 bet needs to settle as a win to secure the $150 in bonus bets. Missouri users are free to use these markets or any other within FanDuel Sportsbook to activate their offer: BYU +39.5 alternate spread (-6000) BYU-Texas Tech over 20.5 alternate spread (-50000) Georgia +24.5 alternate spread (-6000) Alabama over 300+ total yards (-450) Duke +28.5 alternate spread (-4000) Indiana +31.5 alternate total spread (-7000) Conference Championship Odds With FanDuel Sportsbook As noted above, each of the Power 4 conference championship games will impact the College Football Playoff picture. 1 Ohio State: -4.5 (-108) / -198 / U47.5 (-105) Register With FanDuel Promo Code Offer Click here or on any of our other links on this page to start the registration process. There, you will have to complete these steps to claim this offer: Enter basic identifying information (Legal name, date of birth, mailing address, etc.) Make a deposit with a compatible payment method (Credit card, debit card, online banking, etc.) Place your $5 bet to get a chance at $150 bonus bets or get the $300 in bonuses instantly in MO Use any bonus bets you receive within one week before they expire Newsweek may earn an affiliate commission if you sign up through the links in this article.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/betting/caesars-sportsbook-promo-code-newswk20x-double-winnings-for-ncaaf-nfl-week-14-11167306
Article: Indiana In theory, new users could use a 100% profit boost on each college football championship game and still have more left over to use on the NBA, NHL and UFC 323 on Saturday. Take a look at a few of the most popular options below: Championship or Bust Boost: Texas Tech, Alabama and Ohio State all to win (+300) Georgia Bulldogs at Alabama Crimson Tide: Georgia win by 13-18 points (+750) The Dogs are Out Boost: Indiana and Duke each to cover +4.5-point spread (+250) Newsweek may earn an affiliate commission if you sign up through the links in this article.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/how-to-watch-texas-tech-vs-byu-live-stream-big-12-championship-game-tv-channel-11165212
Article: 6, 2025 Time: 12:00 PM EDT Channel: ABC ( try for free Stream: Fubo The Big 12 Championship will be decided on Saturday as table-topping Texas Tech takes on No. The Cougars have secured the long-term future of head coach Kalani Sitake despite Penn State’s probing and are looking to cement a 12-win season for the first time in his 10th season at the helm. Turnovers will prove key considering the Red Raiders’ only loss this season - to Arizona State back in October - saw them lose one turnover while winning none of their own.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/millennial-therapist-1-question-boomer-parents-respectfully-why-11154567
Article: During her career, she has noticed something that parents born between 1946 and 1964 "consistently do" that she "truly doesn’t understand." In the 1.2 million-view video (@yourjourneythrough), Somich acts out a series of phone calls in which she plays a parent aged 61 to 79. How It Lands With Younger Generations However, this approach can make millennial or Gen Z children feel "twice as upset." Somich said that withholding information about family health or crises can lead to feelings of betrayal, anger, sadness, and a loss of trust. They also get to avoid being vulnerable as long as possible." 'A Social and Cultural Phenomenon' Somich, who specializes in family dynamics, told Newsweek: "It is a social and cultural phenomenon I have witnessed in my personal and professional life." After many clients shared the same hurt and frustration, Somich decided it was time to poll her audience—particularly baby boomers—to better understand the behavior. Somich said: "Millennials and Gen Z encourage children to name feelings, seek support, and share personal struggles rather than hide them." Those born between 1981 and 2012 value "transparency and frequent communication." Parents from these generations also frequently compare their children’s upbringing with their own, with one mom saying she is learning to regulate her emotions alongside her 4-year-old daughter. The Mental Load for Parents Today "Both eras have strengths, but the mental load of parenting today is undeniably heavier," Somich said, explaining that younger parents are exposed to unlimited information, pressure, and comparison online.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/how-to-watch-2025-fcs-playoffs-live-stream-yale-vs-montana-state-north-dakota-state-vs-illinois-state-tv-channel-11166460
Article: How to Watch FCS Playoffs: Second Round When: Saturday, December 6, 2025 TV Channel: ESPN+ watch now ) Live Stream: ESPN ( The second round of the NCAA Division I Football Championship Subdivision (FCS) postseason begins Saturday, December 6, with a full slate of matchups.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/million-veterans-healthcare-boost-women-11167340
Article: What To Know Women veterans enrolled in VA health care can now schedule appointments directly with VA gynecology specialists in a new streamlined process that eliminates the previous requirement for a PCP referral. Additional recent VA initiatives impacting women veterans include: What People Are Saying VA Secretary Doug Collins said: "This is what it looks like when VA is focused on putting Veterans first. By relentlessly focusing on customer service and convenience, we are building a department that works better for the men and women we are charged with serving." Marine Corps and Army veteran Ubon Mendie, who participates in the Million Veteran Program, said: "My investment in research isn’t necessarily just for me or my friends that served—it’s for my son, who could possibly be the one serving next." What Happens Next The VA plans continued outreach to ensure all women veterans are aware of expanded health care options.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nfl/tom-brady-blamed-amid-raiders-looming-pete-carroll-decision-11167692
Article: The Las Vegas Raiders are in the midst of a brutal season – tied for third-worst record in the league and eliminated from playoff contention with five games left on the schedule.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/ncaa/notre-dame-cfp-chances-boise-state-win-11167664
Article: More News: Marcus Freeman ‘Upset’ With Alabama Jumping Notre Dame The Fighting Irish finished the regular season 10-2, going on a ten-game winning streak after starting the year with losses to Miami and Texas A&M. Boise State's win helped Notre Dame's CFP chances The Irish already received a little help during conference championship weekend on Friday night when Boise State beat UNLV 38-31 in front of 27,152 fans at Albertsons Stadium to claim the Mountain West championship. "Indeed, idle teams can move following the results of the championship games and how they impact the teams that are around those that play in the championship game, and data such as strength of schedule--teams that may be idle," Yurachek said. "So yes, teams that are idle can move up or down." ND will need more luck to go its way on Saturday, but it had a nice start to the weekend on Friday night.

Link: https://abc13.com/post/business-owners-claim-city-houstons-scooter-curfew-is-taking-toll-bottom-line/18256219/
Article: Business owners claim City of Houston's scooter curfew is taking a toll on their bottom line On a typical Friday, ERYD rents scooters to visitors of downtown Houston, but after the city imposed a curfew, many are left parked with no riders. is when they start trickling in and 9, 10, and 11 are your highest volume hours, so by cutting out those three additional hours, you're essentially taking out 80-90 percent of their business," said Bret Hightower, lobbyist for Legal Scooter Coalition. While he's on board with making the streets of Houston safer, he and others in the industry feel that can still be done if the city makes adjustments to the new law. "If the curfew would end at 11 o'clock and had a 30-minute grace period, and everything lights off at 12, you're going to see a thriving business still standing as it did for many years." From January 2021 to last month, there were 536 EMS calls downtown for scooter incidents, according to the Houston Fire Department.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/football/articles/c1m8p0n2mzmo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Villa had an expected goals (xG) tally of 2.27 on Saturday, the highest by any team against the Gunners in the Premier League this season, and created five big chances, including the goals for Matty Cash and Buendia. They have have scored 5.45 more goals [22 in total] than their xG [16.55] and conceded 5.83 fewer goals [15] than their xGA [20.83] in the Premier League this season. Villa's director of football operations and Emery's trusted lieutenant Damian Vidagany wrote on X after last week's 1-0 win over Wolves that it did not matter if Villa scored from the moon, just that they were getting the points. Buendia is now Villa's joint top Premier League scorer with Donyell Malen on four goals - Ollie Watkins, Morgan Rogers and Cash have three - so Villa are also not relying on one player to put the ball in the net. The players are the protagonists." It is a long way from Villa's early-season struggles when they failed to win any of their opening six games - including going out to Brentford in the Carabao Cup. They did not score in the Premier League until their sixth game, a 1-1 draw against 10-man Sunderland, but since that point in late September they have won 13 out of 15 games. "The Premier League is very difficult and our target in 38 matches, we will see it, but of course now we are feeling good and feeling strong and feeling comfortable in the position we are."

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/6/syrias-al-sharaa-promises-peace-and-unity-in-face-of-israeli-aggression?traffic_source=rss
Article: Speaking to CNN’s Christiane Amanpour on Saturday during the Newsmaker Interview at the Doha Forum, al-Sharaa said Israeli leaders “often exports crises to other countries” as they increasingly invoke security pretexts to expand military action. “Israel has become a country that is in a fight against ghosts.” Since the the Bashar al-Assad regime fell in December 2024, Israel has carried out frequent air strikes across Syria, killing hundreds of people, while also conducting ground operations in the south. Advertisement “However, in return, Israel has met us with extreme violence, and Syria has suffered massive violations of our airspace.” ‘Syria attacked by Israel, not the opposite’ Al-Sharaa said Israel must withdraw to where they were before the fall of al-Assad, and preserve the 1974 Disengagement Accord. “This agreement has held on for over 50 years,” al-Sharaa said, cautioning that efforts to replace it with new arrangements, such as a buffer or demilitarised zone, could push the region “into a serious and dangerous place”. Israel often says that they are afraid of coming under attack from southern Syria, so who will be protecting this buffer zone or this demilitarised zone, if the Syrian army or the Syrian forces are going to be there?” he asked. On Tuesday, Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said a deal with Syria was within reach, but that he expected Syrian government forces to create a demilitarised buffer zone extending from the capital, Damascus, to Jabal al-Sheikh in the Israeli-occupied Syrian Golan Heights. “This doesn’t occur even in advanced countries that are living through relative stability.” According to al-Sharaa, people in Syria “simply did not know each other well” due to issues inherited from the al-Assad regime. “We actually resorted to pardoning a large number of people and a large number of factions so that we can build a sustainable, safe and secure future for the Syrian people,” he added. Some of them were living in fear.” Syria witnessed an outbreak of sectarian violence earlier this year, including in the coastal areas in March, where hundreds of people from the Alawite religious minority were killed, with members of the new government’s security forces among the perpetrators. But I say that Syria is a state of law, and the law rules in Syria, and the law is the only way to preserve everybody’s rights.” Many rights groups are concerned that women will be particularly at risk under the new government led by the former al-Qaeda operative, as al-Sharaa’s Hayat al-Tahrir group severely restricted women’s freedoms, including public participation and dress code, during their rule over Idlib in northwest Syria. Nevertheless, al-Sharaa said parliamentary elections will take place within five years of when the temporary Constitutional Declaration was signed back in March, giving him the mandate to lead Syria through a five-year transition period. “Rulers have to gain the satisfaction of the majority of people in order to rule properly, so this is what we believe in, and I think that this is the suitable path for Syria.”

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/formula1/articles/c80xdez7nrdo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Lewis Hamilton said he felt "anger and rage" after ending his first Formula 1 season with Ferrari by being knocked out of qualifying in the first session for the third consecutive time - fourth if sprint qualifying in Qatar last weekend is also included.

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/12/06/g-s1-101082/abbott-glucose-monitor-deaths-recall-freestyle-libre
Article: 7 deaths and hundreds of injuries are linked to faulty Abbott glucose monitors toggle caption Jill Delsaux/Getty Images Abbott Diabetes Care has warned of faulty glucose readings on some of its devices, potentially linked to seven deaths and hundreds more serious injuries. Some 3 million of the company's FreeStyle Libre 3 and FreeStyle Libre 3 Plus sensors were affected by the issue that was determined by internal testing to have resulted on a single production line. In a press release, the company said "internal testing determined that some sensors may provide incorrect low glucose readings." Customers who confirm their device is affected "should immediately discontinue use and dispose of it," Abbott said. Sponsor Message "If undetected, incorrect low glucose readings over an extended period may lead to incorrect treatment decisions for people living with diabetes, such as excessive carbohydrate intake or skipping or delaying insulin doses," the company said. "These decisions may pose serious health risks, including potential injury or death, or other less serious complications." Abbott said it continues to produce sensors through the process and the company did not expect significant supply disruptions as a result of the issue.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/sports/2025/12/6/jaiswal-ton-kohlis-form-help-india-beat-south-africa-in-odi-series?traffic_source=rss
Article: Virat Kohli says he has rediscovered his peak batting level for the first time in three years after inspiring India to a series-clinching victory over South Africa in their three-match one-day international (ODI) series. After Yashasvi Jaiswal’s maiden ODI hundred and Rohit Sharma’s 75 laid the foundation, Kohli smashed 65 off 45 balls with three sixes before dramatically scoring the winning runs by charging down the pitch. Advertisement The bowlers set up victory after left-arm wrist spinner Kuldeep Yadav and fast bowler Prasidh Krishna took four wickets each to bowl out South Africa for 270 in 47.5 overs. With the series level at 1-1, India finally won an ODI toss after losing 20 in a row as skipper KL Rahul broke the scarcely believable jinx and put South Africa in to bat. Opener Quinton de Kock made 106 off 89 balls and put on 113 runs with skipper Temba Bavuma, who made 48, as South Africa looked set for a big total at 168-2 but the batting collapsed. “The Indian team showed their quality, kudos to them.” ‘I feel free in my mind’ “Honestly, just playing the way I have in this series has been the most satisfying thing for me. “It’s very exciting to build on and something that I’ve always tried to do as a player, kind of maintain my own standards that I’ve set for myself and play at the level that I can make an impact for the team. “And I know when I can bat like that out there in the middle, it helps the team in a big way because I can bat long, I can bat according to the situation. Just being confident makes me feel like … I have what it takes to handle that situation and bring it in favour of the team.” The veteran, who retired from tests and T20 internationals, admitted that even players of his experience – with more than 16 years in ODI cricket – faced periods of self-doubt, especially when one mistake could affect a batter’s confidence. The ODI series win is some consolation for the 2-0 Test whitewash by the Proteas although it was achieved after the team was boosted by the presence of veterans Kohli and Rohit who now play just the 50-over format.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/weather/winter-weather/winter-weather-midwest-rcna247742
Article: The highest snow totals will target the mountains, where parts of Wyoming, Utah, Montana and Colorado could see an additional 5 to 12 inches, with up to 20 inches possible in some areas. Cold air mass takes hold Temperatures will remain on the cooler side for the Rockies, the Plains, the Northeast and parts of the Southeast on Saturday afternoon, with highs 5 to 20 degrees below average. Active week in the Northwest A series of strong Pacific storms fueled by an atmospheric river will bring a risk of widespread flooding to parts of Washington and Oregon through the week. Flood alerts will go into effect for the western half of these states, including Seattle and the Oregon cities of Portland and Eugene starting Sunday night and lasting through Friday.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c0q5lejppeno?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: National Guardsman 'slowly healing' after being shot in Washington DC 44 minutes ago Share Save Grace Eliza Goodwin Share Save Getty Images Members of the National Guard patrolling a metro station in Washington DC A National Guardsman is on the mend after he was critically injured in an ambush-style shooting last month in Washington DC. The family expects the Air Force staff sergeant to be in acute care for the next two to three weeks, and they feel optimistic about his progress, said the governor in a statement.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/football/articles/cpvd0ynlpdjo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: England will play all three of their group games in the United States, with their first two matches against Croatia, on 17 June, and Ghana, on 23 June, kicking off at 21:00 BST.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/world/mass-shooting-at-south-african-hostel-bar-leaves-11-dead-including-3-children
Article: CAPE TOWN, South Africa (AP) — A mass shooting carried out Saturday by multiple suspects in an unlicensed bar near the South African capital left at least 11 people dead, police said. READ MORE: Shooting at central California banquet hall leaves 4 people dead, 3 of them children The shooting happened at a bar inside a hostel in the Saulsville township west of the administrative capital of Pretoria in the early hours of Saturday. There have been several mass shootings at bars — sometimes called shebeens or taverns in South Africa — in recent years, including one that killed 16 people in the Johannesburg township of Soweto in 2022. Mathe said that mass shootings at unlicensed bars were becoming a serious problem and police had shut down more than 11,000 illegal taverns between April and September this year and arrested more than 18,000 people for involvement in illegal liquor sales. Police said 18 people were killed, 15 of them women, in mass shootings minutes apart at two houses on the same road in a rural part of Eastern Cape province in September last year.

Link: https://abc11.com/post/another-watch-moment-michael-jordan-nba-great-testifies-nascar-trial/18257911/
Article: The retired NBA great testified Friday against NASCAR in an antitrust case he is pursuing against the stock car series on behalf of his race team, 23XI, along with Front Row Motorsports. "I felt I could challenge NASCAR as a whole." It was a different role for the 62-year-old Jordan, known best for the six NBA titles he won with the Chicago Bulls and his business interests in retirement, including his still relatively new role as a NASCAR team co-owner with three-time Daytona 500 winner Denny Hamlin. Jordan said he grew up a NASCAR fan, attending races at 11 or 12 with his family at tracks in Charlotte and Rockingham in his home state but also at Darlington in South Carolina and the Talladega superspeedway in Alabama. You are an icon, you the best, you the best to do it in the NBA!" Another claimed to have played golf and cards with Jordan acquaintances while asking Jordan to pose for a photo with his daughters. A spectator held a sign that read "NASCAR Your Fans Deserve Better" and Hamlin turned to him and said "You're right" as they tried to make their way through the throng to a caravan of waiting SUVs. "I try to forget it but I did," said Jordan, who played for the Washington Wizards in a mostly forgettable return to the NBA after his championship runs with the Bulls and a brief time playing minor league baseball. But Jordan spent most of his time making clear why he was in court suing the series he loves over the charters that guarantee teams revenue and access to Cup Series races. "Look, we saw the economics wasn't really beneficial to the teams," Jordan testified, adding: "The thing I see in NASCAR that I think is absent is a shared responsibility of growth as well as loss." As the session wound down, defense attorney Lawrence Buterman noted the novelty of cross-examining an icon like Jordan, closing with the comment: "Thank you for making my 9-year-old think I'm cool today." "You're not wearing any Jordans today," Jordan replied.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cpd61d0jl6no?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Deadly attack on kindergarten reported in Sudan A drone attack on the town of Kalogi, in Sudan's South Kordofan region, is said to have hit a kindergarten and killed at least 50 people, including 33 children. The Rapid Support Forces (RSF), the paramilitary group battling the army in Sudan's civil war, was accused of Thursday's attack by a medical organisation, the Sudan Doctors' Network, and the army. The RSF in turn accused the army of hitting a market on Friday in a drone attack in the Darfur region, on a fuel depot at the Adre border crossing with Chad.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/sanctioned-oil-tanker-stranded-off-bulgarias-black-sea-128172437
Article: (AP Photo/ Zdravko Vassilev) SOFIA, Bulgaria -- Bulgarian maritime authorities on Saturday launched efforts to evacuate the crew of the oil tanker Kairos stranded off the Black Sea port of Ahtopol and believed to be part of the “ shadow fleet ” used by Russia to evade international sanctions linked to its war in Ukraine. The ship entered Bulgaria’s territorial waters on Friday under tow by a Turkish vessel, but the mission was abruptly abandoned, leaving the tanker to drift across the sea without power like a ghost ship before stranding less than a nautical mile off the shore. On Saturday, Rumen Nikolov, in charge of rescue operations at the Bulgarian Maritime Agency, said that it must be established through diplomatic channels why the tanker was brought into Bulgaria’s territorial waters. The head of border police, Anton Zlatanov, told the Nova TV channel, that communication was established with the crew, who had complied with orders and dropped anchor, and the ship is currently stable in a position off Ahtopol.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/how-to-watch-inter-miami-vs-vancouver-live-stream-2025-mls-cup-tv-channel-11165146
Article: 6, 2025 Time: 2:30 PM EDT Channel: FOX Deportes ( try for free Stream: Fubo A first-time MLS Cup champion will be crowned at Chase Stadium on Saturday as Lionel Messi looks to get Inter Miami across the line against Vancouver. The veteran forward may not boast quite the same statistics as his Eastern Conference counterpart, but has no less engineered a revolution in his side’s prospects since his arrival in the summer. These teams have met only three times, and while Inter Miami won their only MLS fixture to date, the Whitecaps knocked the Herons out of the CONCACAF Champions League back in May after back-to-back home and away wins. Fubo carries a wide array of sports and entertainment channels, including local sports packages and top national channels like ABC, FOX, CBS, ESPN, FS1, MTV, Comedy Central, and much more.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/ancient-lake-reemerges-in-death-valley-11168120
Article: Why It Matters The return of Lake Manly to Death Valley, known commonly as the driest place in North America, highlights historic levels of rainfall and offers a rare glimpse into the region’s ancient past. What To Know Citing National Weather Service (NWS) data, the National Park Service (NPS) said that Death Valley saw record-breaking rainfall recently, including November which saw 1.76 inches of rain—surpassing the previous record of 1.70 inches set in 1923. At Badwater Basin, which lies 282 feet below sea level and is the lowest point in North America, rainwater has formed a shallow lake,” the NPS said in a news release on Thursday, referring to Lake Manly. Several paved roads are covered in flood debris making them impassable and are closed to access, though many of the park’s most popular sites remain open and accessible, including Zabriskie Point, Dantes View, Badwater Basin, and Mesquite Sand Dunes, the NPS said. What People Are Saying Death Valley National Park said in a social media comment in November: “The last time we had a significant filling of Badwater Basin (the 12-18" deep ‘Lake Manly’ in 2023-early 2024), it was following the 2.2 inches of rain from Hurricane Hilary and several subsequent rainfalls over the following months.” The National Park Service said in a Thursday news release: “Visitors should be aware that unpaved roads may be impassable due to storm damage.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/how-to-watch-louisville-vs-indiana-live-stream-ncaa-college-basketball-tv-channel-11165802
Article: How to Watch Louisville vs Indiana When: Saturday, December 6, 2025 Time: 2:15 PM ET TV Channel: CBS try for free ) Live Stream: Fubo ( Louisville couldn’t dig itself out of a huge first-half hole on Wednesday night, losing in its first true road game of the season 89-80 at No. Minnesota took control of the game with a 10-2 run midway through the second half en route to handing visiting Indiana a 73-64 loss in the Big Ten Conference opener for both teams. Troy transfer Tayton Conerway paced Indiana with 18 points and four steals, while Sam Houston transfer Lamar Wilkerson tossed in 15 points, and Florida transfer Sam Alexis came off the bench for 10. Louisville finished 27-8 last season with a loss to Creighton in the first round of the NCAA tournament, while Indiana went 17-14 and turned down a postseason bid before hiring coach Darian DeVries away from West Virginia.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nfl/chargers-hit-with-huge-omarion-hampton-news-for-the-eagles-game-11168294
Article: Los Angeles is currently sitting in the fifth seed in the AFC at an 8-4 record, but the team will need to keep winning to ensure they do not get passed by the other teams in the hunt. It is almost a guarantee that the Denver Broncos will win the AFC West, so the Chargers need some big wins down the stretch to secure their Wild Card spot.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/trump-administration-to-charge-5000-apprehension-fee-on-migrants-11167610
Article: "This message applies to all illegal aliens—regardless of where they entered, how long they’ve been in the U.S., their current location, or any ongoing immigration proceedings," Banks wrote in a post on X. What To Know The OBBBA sets the initial amount at a minimum of $5,000 for fiscal year 2025 and gives the Secretary of Homeland Security authority to adjust the fee over time in line with inflation. It also implements a minimum $250 fee for Special Immigrant Juvenile Status, a form of humanitarian relief for children who have been abused or neglected by one or both parents. Congressman Dan Goldman (D-NY), Senator Catherine Cortez Masto (D-NV), and Congresswoman Delia Ramirez (D-IL) proposed legislation intended to roll back measures that advocates say could negatively impact the safety and legal rights of unaccompanied children seeking refuge in the United States. The Upholding Protections for Unaccompanied Children Act would exempt minors from the new $5,000 border apprehension fee, as well as fees for asylum applications, annual maintenance, and immigration court proceedings. “The Upholding Protections for Unaccompanied Children Act would help ensure continued access to a fair and humane path to protection for children who have already endured violence, exploitation, and trafficking,” KIND (Kids in Need of Defence) President Wendy Young said in a statement shared with Newsweek. "The OBBBA levies unprecedented and onerous fees that will impede and even block many children’s pursuit of life-saving humanitarian protection in the United States and make children more vulnerable to traffickers and other bad actors who will exploit these fees to prey on impacted children." Illegal crossings at the southern border have plummeted under President Donald Trump's hardline approach. DHS said in a press release that nationwide border encounters in November totaled 30,367, slightly below October’s 30,573, marking what the agency said was the lowest start to a fiscal year on record. Combined encounters for October and November reached 60,940, lower than any previous fiscal year to date, and 28 percent below the prior low of 84,293 in fiscal year 2012, the agency said. The agency says more than two million people without legal status have left the United States during that period, including about 1.9 million who departed voluntarily and roughly 593,000 deported through enforcement actions. What People Are Saying The National Immigration Law Center said: "OBBBA weaponizes this fees system, slapping exorbitant fees on humanitarian protection and immigration processing forms that will be unaffordable for many. Worse, the law eliminates waivers for many of these fees, meaning many will be mandatory even for people with dire humanitarian circumstances such as a life-threatening illness." Senator Cortez Masto said in a press release: "As members of Congress, it’s our duty to stand up for those who can’t stand up for themselves. It’s essential that we reverse the Republican tax law’s cruel provisions and protect these kids." "Once again, we have a record low number of encounters at the border and the 7th straight month of zero releases. Month after month, we are delivering results that were once thought impossible: the most secure border in history and unmatched enforcement successes," Secretary Kristi Noem said in a press release.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/map-shows-states-under-threat-of-widespread-flooding-11167834
Article: What To Know The most urgent flood threat has emerged in western Washington where a series of atmospheric rivers are set to deliver heavy rain beginning Sunday and continue through the next week. Local news outlets reported that these storm systems were expected to dump 3 to 5 inches of rain across the Puget Sound region, with some coastal and mountainous areas possibly receiving between 6 and 10 inches. Meteorologist George Waldenberger of local news station KOMO explained that the heaviest rainfall was forecast for Monday night into Tuesday, and again on Wednesday, with urban and river flooding expected Flooding isn't the only issue that these areas could face as heavy rainfall could result in landslides, he added. Most of the moisture, though, lies below 10,000 feet and on the whole, actually 30 to 50 percent of West Coast rain can fall as a result of atmospheric rivers...

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/how-to-watch-prairie-view-am-vs-jackson-state-live-stream-swac-championship-game-tv-channel-11165737
Article: The 12th-ranked Jackson State Tigers (9-2) play for their second straight Southwestern Athletic Conference championship when they host the Prairie View A&M Panthers (9-3) at Mississippi Veterans Memorial Stadium on Saturday afternoon. How to Watch Prairie View A&M vs Jackson State When: Saturday, December 6, 2025 Time: 2:00 PM ET TV Channel: ESPN2 try for free ) Live Stream: Fubo ( Jackson State won the East Division title in the SWAC at 7-1 and comes into the championship game with a four-game winning streak. Prairie View A&M, seeking its first SWAC title since 2009, finished the regular season at 7-1 and with the West Division crown after a 59-6 thumping of visiting Mississippi Valley State on Nov.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/trump-national-security-strategy-europe-ukraine-russia-nato-11168073
Article: The Trump strategy pointed to European economic decline and warned even more strongly of “civilizational erasure” and what it called the undermining of political liberty, questioning whether longstanding NATO partners would remain reliable allies. “Is Europe a dynamic economy that can grow, or is it just a museum that is a relic of the past and we just go to see the people's lovely wines and cheeses and beers and waffles in the case of Brussels?” U.S. readiness to make territorial and other concessions to Russian President Vladimir Putin to try and end the war in Ukraine since Russia’s 2022 invasion – and to sideline them in negotiations. They have underspent over the last several decades, and they need to spend a lot more on their own defense, and therefore the collective defense,” Whitaker said, while adding that NATO countries were now stepping up on defense spending. security strategy of the curtailing of free speech in Europe and the expression in the section titled “Promoting European Greatness” of optimism at the rising influence of “patriotic European parties” at a time mainstream parties fear the rise of the anti-immigrant right. “Its language that one otherwise only finds coming out of some bizarre minds of the Kremlin,” Co-Chair of the European Council on Foreign Relations and former Swedish prime minister Carl Bildt posted on X. Whitaker: “The United States is going to continue to be a great ally and a great friend, but we have expectations that it's no longer a one-way street, and we're going to have expectations not only about picking up the conventional defense of the European continent, but also in implementing things that our shared values should drive, things like free speech.” U.S. We want Europe to remain European, to regain its civilizational self-confidence, and to abandon its failed focus on regulatory suffocation." Member of the European Parliament Barry Andrews on X: “This new #Trump US Security Strategy document is shocking. It states: "...the growing influence of patriotic European parties gives cause for great optimism"; Top priority is “cultivating resistance to Europe’s current trajectory within European nations”; Europe, we need to wake up.” What happens next European countries will start to take on more of the cost of defense and are already increasing their spending on rearmament but also face a major challenge to support expensive welfare states, high debt levels and growing popular disaffection.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nfl/severe-weather-threatens-crucial-week-14-nfl-matchup-11168064
Article: More Football: Nick Saban Reveals How He Guided a ‘Very Confused’ Lane Kiffin The Colts began their 2025 NFL season with an 8-2 start, but have since lost each of their last two games. After starting the year with a 5-4 record, Jacksonville has notched wins in each of its last three games — beating the Los Angeles Chargers, Arizona Cardinals and Tennessee Titans in three consecutive weeks.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/how-to-watch-marquette-vs-wisconsin-live-stream-ncaa-college-basketball-tv-channel-11165771
Article: The Wisconsin Badgers (6-2) have lost two of their last four as they host their in-state rivals, the Marquette Golden Eagles (5-4), at the Kohl Center on Saturday afternoon, looking to reverse last season’s road loss in Milwaukee. How to Watch Marquette vs Wisconsin When: Saturday, December 6, 2025 Time: 2:00 PM ET TV Channel: FOX Sports 1 try for free ) Live Stream: Fubo ( Wisconsin won its Big Ten Conference opener on Tuesday night, blowing out to a 23-point halftime lead before holding off visiting Northwestern for an 85-73 victory.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/ncaa/nick-saban-kirk-herbstreit-in-agreement-on-1-cfp-change-that-needs-to-happen-11167963
Article: On Saturday, ahead of the conference championship games, Kirk Herbstreit made it known that something needs to change in with the CFP during a segment on ESPN’s "College GameDay." Each week, the selection committee releases its rankings to the public, a process that frequently draws criticism—especially now with 12 teams, where evaluations are far more complicated. It’s really not supposed to be the real rankings until the season is over." More news: BYU Coach Kalani Sitake Pushes Major CFP Change Before Big 12 Title Game More news: Florida Gets Big News on Jon Sumrall’s Coaching Future After Tulane’s Win It’s very hard to make it up as you go, especially when there’s still a lot left to unfold. Combined with the repetitiveness of the committee having to explain each week why one team is ahead of another, along with analysts breaking down their opinions, it’s understandable why Herbstreit voiced his concerns — and Nick Saban revealed that he agrees.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/betting/bet365-bonus-code-week365-claim-150-bonus-for-college-football-conference-championships-11167322
Article: Some examples are listed below: Behren Morton 250+ passing yards, Caleb Douglas 70+ receiving yards, Cameron Dickey 70+ rushing yards, J'Koby Williams to score a touchdown (+600 boosted to +700) Alabama moneyline, Alabama leads at halftime, over 23.5 points in the 1st half (+490 boosted to +550) Julian Sayin and Fernando Mendoza EACH 250+ passing yards and 3+ passing touchdowns (+1900 boosted to +2200) Duke moneyline, Duke leads at halftime, over 26.5 points in the 1st half (+550 boosted to +600) Register With Bet365 Bonus Code WEEK365 Offer Go to the registration page by clicking here or on any of our other links. There, you will just have to complete these steps to claim this offer: Enter the bonus code WEEK365 Input basic personal information (Legal name, date of birth, mailing address, etc.) Make a deposit with a valid payment method (Credit/debit card, etc.) Place your first bet to activate the $150 bonus offer or the $1,000 safety net Use any bonus bets you receive within one week before they expire Newsweek may earn an affiliate commission if you sign up through the links in this article.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/dozen-cases-legionella-possibly-linked-florida-gym-11167899
Article: What To Know The cases were confirmed in an email exchange from the Florida DOH with state Senator Carlos Guillerm Smith, a Democrat, saying that they were due to a “gym exposure” without naming the facility, according to Central Florida Public Media. Some reports have tied the cases to a gym in Ocoee where members reported having cases of Legionnaires’ disease, but the gym had submitted nearly two-dozen tests from a variety of facilities, such as showers, heaters, fountains, and sinks, that came back negative for any trace of legionella. WFTV identified the gym as Crunch Fitness, which told the outlet that it had closed off parts of the gym "out of an abundance of caution" while conducting the tests through "certified third-party specialists." The outlet also reported a smaller outbreak of Legionnaires' disease occurred in 2017 when the building previously was an LA Fitness. What People Are Saying Alex LeBeau, an exposure scientist, told local news station WESH 2: "A lot of times, we deal with isolated cases, it's one case here, one case there.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/betting/kalshi-promo-code-newsweek-claim-10-sign-up-bonus-for-ncaaf-ufc-nfl-predictions-11167389
Article: We have a huge football weekend ahead of us with college football championship games today ahead of tomorrow's NFL Week 14 slate, and you can make trades for these games with the Kalshi promo code NEWSWEEK. Some teams like BYU are essentially playing for a spot in the playoff, while others like Georgia, Indiana and Ohio State are playing to maximize seeding ahead of tomorrow's selection show. The first three games mentioned will decide who will stand alone in first place in their division heading into Week 15, while the Texans-Chiefs game is massive for AFC wild card purposes. Kalshi Promo Code NEWSWEEK For Indiana-Ohio State Tonight Perhaps the game that will get the most eyeballs today is Indiana-Ohio State, as that is a matchup that features the top two teams in the country. Register With Kalshi Promo Code NEWSWEEK Set up your account and claim this offer by clicking here and going through the steps provided below: Enter the promo code NEWSWEEK Input basic identifying information (Legal name, date of birth, mailing address, email, phone number, etc.) Make your first deposit with a compatible payment method (Credit card, debit card, PayPal account, online banking, etc.) Start making trades with Kalshi Secure your $10 in bonuses once you make $100 in trades with your new account Newsweek may earn an affiliate commission if you sign up through the links in this article.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/donald-trump-christmas-tree-cost-savings-americans-11167521
Article: Why It Matters Americans up and down the country are struggling with a cost-of-living squeeze, and this so-called "One Dollar, One Tree" scheme promises to provide some welcome financial relief during the traditionally expensive holiday season. The new policy, administered through the DOI’s Bureau of Land Management (BLM), is expected to deliver nearly $10 million in savings for American families while supporting wildfire prevention and forest health measures across millions of acres of public land. A DOI official told Fox News that the new initiative could help deliver savings of at least $400 for American families, pointing to the fact that an average 6-to-8-foot Christmas tree costs $90 and the average cost for a cord of wood, depending on region and type of product, is around $300. Department of Agriculture (USDA), if you live near a National Forest, you can purchase a permit to fell your own, wild Christmas tree instead of having to purchase one at retail price. With permits usually costing roughly $5 to $10 per tree, plus a $2.50 reservation fee if you purchase the permit online, felling your own tree can therefore result in a significant saving. And now, the cost of a permit to chop down a wild Christmas tree has been slashed to just one dollar, "in line with Trump’s mission to lower costs for all Americans," according to a DOI release. The 'One Dollar, One Tree' initiative is a powerful example of how our public lands can deliver lasting benefits for the American people, making this season brighter and more affordable for all." A DOI release added: "These steps are designed to provide immediate price relief and expand opportunities for families to gather their own firewood and Christmas trees, often in places that have not been accessible before." The USDA’s Forest Service said: "Cutting a wild Christmas tree not only saves your pocketbook, it also supports forest health and resilience. Cutting Christmas trees allows other trees to grow larger and can open up areas that provide food for wildlife." USDA Forest Service Chief Tom Schultz said: "Visiting a national forest to select a tree that will serve as the centerpiece for the holiday season establishes a meaningful connection between the local forest and a family’s story. These experiences create lasting memories that persist through generations." What Happens Next The BLM says expanded cutting areas will relieve pressure on overstocked woodlands, promoting forest thinning and hazardous fuels reduction across millions of acres.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/betting/college-football-conference-championship-betting-odds-picks-best-bets-11167932
Article: Right now, here's what your free subscription entails: Weekly look at college basketball (every Tuesday evening) Weekly look at the NBA (every Wednesday evening) NFL weekend preview (every Friday morning) College Football ATS picks (every Saturday morning at 10 a.m. ET (ABC) Betting Odds: Spread : BYU +12.5 (-110); TT -12.5 (-110) Moneyline : BYU +390; TT -510 Total: 49.5 (over -110; under -110) Based on how the first meeting between these teams went back in early November (final score: TT 29, BYU 7), it's no surprise to see Texas Tech (11-1) heavily favored in the Big 12 Championship Game. (ABC) Betting Odds: Spread : UGA -1.5 (-108); ALA +1.5 (-112) Moneyline : UGA -116; ALA -102 Total: 48.5 (over -106; under -114) Georgia's (11-1) only loss of the season came against Alabama (10-2) in Athens back in late September, as Kirby Smart's career struggles against the Crimson Tide continued. I don't see Bama having that type of success again today, as the Dawgs have been stout defensively down the stretch after a couple of poor showings early in the season. Bama will be a popular pick, as the Tide might need a victory to secure a CFP spot, but I'm not betting on anyone to take down UGA twice in the same season. (FOX) Betting Odds: Spread : IND +4.5 (-115); OSU -4.5 (-105) Moneyline : IND +162; OSU -194 Total: 46.5 (over -115; under -105) The following is going to sound like a slight to Indiana (12-0), but it's really just a credit to Ohio State (12-0): As long as the Buckeyes play anywhere near their best, I'm not sure anyone can hang with them for 60 minutes. Indiana will be Ohio State's toughest test, and it wouldn't surprise me to see the Hoosiers keep this one tight for two or three quarters, but I expect the Buckeyes to not only win, but cover. (ABC) Betting odds: Spread : UVA -3.5 (-115); Duke +3.5 (-105) Moneyline : UVA +154; Duke -184 Total: 58.5 (over -110; under -110) While I'm expecting chalky outcomes in three of the four headliners today, there is one game today where I'm not sold on the favorite covering: the ACC Championship Game in Charlotte. When these teams met in mid-November in Durham, the Cavaliers (10-2) were dominant, taking a 31-3 lead into the fourth quarter before the Blue Devils (7-5) rallied to make the final score respectable at 34-17. If nothing else, Duke should have a better day offensively in the rematch, and I can't shake the feeling that all the talk this week about how the Devils don't belong in this game (which I don't totally disagree with, FWIW) will bring out the best in Manny Diaz's team. I expect talented Blue Devils QB Darian Mensah to play much better tonight against a Virginia D that forced him into one of his worst performances of the season a few weeks ago. I initially planned to recommend Duke +3.5, but while I expect a close game, I'm going to stay away from the spread following a close look at how the first matchup between these teams played out. I like Virginia to win a close one and save the ACC from potentially not having a single team in the CFP, but the only bet I like here is the over.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/russia-launches-massive-attack-on-ukraine-amid-peace-talks-11167795
Article: Russia launched dozens of missiles and hundreds of drones at Ukraine overnight, the Ukrainian Air Force said on Telegram, just hours before officials from the United States and Ukraine were set to meet for a third day of talks aimed at ending the war. Why It Matters Senior Ukrainian officials held discussions with Trump envoys Steve Witkoff and Jared Kushner in Miami on Thursday and Friday, debriefing on the pair's meeting with Russian President Vladimir Putin in Moscow and peace deal discussions. Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky confirmed on Saturday that he spoke with Witkoff and Kushner via phone and is "grateful for a very focused, constructive discussion." Adding to his roster of international peace negotiations, President Donald Trump has proposed a plan to end the over three-and-a-half-year war between Russia and Ukraine, and has pushed forward negotiations. What To Know Russia used over 650 drones and 50 missiles in an overnight attack, the Ukrainian Air Force said, adding that its forces took down 585 drones and 30 missiles. Additionally, Russia hit Ukrainian power generation facilities, with the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) reporting Zaporizhzhia “temporarily lost all off-site power overnight.” The Russian-occupied Zaporizhzhia nuclear power plant in Ukraine, Europe’s largest, has repeatedly had power cut off, raising fears of overheating and a possible meltdown. What People Are Saying Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky said in an X post on Saturday: "We covered many aspects and went through key points that could ensure an end to the bloodshed and eliminate the threat of a new Russian full scale invasion, as well as the risk of Russia failing to honour its promises, as has happened repeatedly in the past. Our approach is that everything must be workable – every crucial measure for peace, security, and reconstruction." The Operational Command of the Polish Armed Forces said on Saturday morning: "Due to the activity of the Russian Federation's long-range aviation, which is carrying out strikes on the territory of Ukraine, military aviation operations have commenced in Polish airspace... Fighter jets have been scrambled, and ground-based air defense systems as well as radar reconnaissance systems have reached a state of readiness.” International Atomic Energy Agency said in an X post on Saturday: “ZNPP reconnected to 750 kV off-site power line at 12:13pm local time following overnight outage, DG @rafaelmgrossi said. ZNPP now again has two power lines available, which is crucial for nuclear safety.” What Happens Next Diplomatic meetings aimed at ending the nearly four-year war were to continue, even as ongoing routine missile strikes and large-scale attacks show no sign of letting up.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/betting/betmgm-bonus-code-newsweek1500-get-1500-college-football-conference-championship-bonus-11167360
Article: Some suggestions are below: BYU +18.5 alternate spread (-220) Georgia-Alabama over 42.5 alternate total (-210) Indiana +10.5 alternate spread (-250) Odds For Power 4 Conference Championships With BetMGM Sportsbook Each of the Power 4 conference championship games will greatly impact the College Football Playoff bracket, so there will be plenty of intrigue. 17 Virginia: -4.5 (-105) / U57.5 (-105) / -190 Redeem BetMGM Bonus Code NEWSWEEK1500 Offer Click here and go through the process outlined below to get set up with this offer: Enter the bonus code NEWSWEEK1500 Provide basic identifying information (Name, birth date, address, etc.) Make a deposit with a compatible payment method (Credit/debit card, online banking, etc.) Place your first bet to activate the offer you qualify for Utilize any bonus bets you receive within one week before they expire.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/formula1/articles/c2k4zd305z5o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: With the title on the line, and winning the grand prix not good enough on its own for Verstappen, the race is unlikely to be simple, and what Verstappen and Red Bull might try to get in Norris' way remains unknown. The reference here is Lewis Hamilton's race in 2016, when he drove slowly in front of Mercedes' team-mate Nico Rosberg in an attempt to back him into Ferrari's Sebastian Vettel, knowing he needed Rosberg to finish third to beat him to the title. I hope it's not straightforward the race, but hopefully that's not because of me." He added: "I want to win tomorrow, but I also know that that's not enough, even if I win. I just hope it's going to be an interesting and fun race." That comment about "Abu Dhabi magic" is clearly a reference to 2010, when Ferrari's Fernando Alonso came into the race with a lead over Red Bull's Mark Webber and Vettel, in a situation pretty similar to this year. Alonso looked certain to win the title - until Ferrari messed up their strategy, he got stuck in the midfield after an early pit stop, and spent an agonising two-thirds of the race watching his dreams turn to dust as Vettel took the race win and title.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/world/russia-unleashes-massive-drone-and-missile-attack-on-ukraine-as-talks-to-end-war-continue
Article: Following talks that made progress on a security framework for postwar Ukraine, the two sides also offered the sober assessment that any “real progress toward any agreement” ultimately will depend “on Russia’s readiness to show serious commitment to long-term peace.” WATCH: Witkoff and Kushner meet with Putin for latest talks to end Russia’s war with Ukraine The statement from U.S. special envoy Steve Witkoff, Trump’s son-in-law Jared Kushner as well as Ukrainian negotiators Rustem Umerov and Andriy Hnatov came after they met for a second day in Florida on Friday. Russia used 653 drones and 51 missiles in the wide-reaching overnight attack on Ukraine, which triggered air raid alerts across the country and came as Ukraine marked Armed Forces Day, the country’s air force said Saturday morning. Nuclear plant temporarily cut off from power Russia carried out a “massive missile-drone attack” on power stations and other energy infrastructure in several Ukrainian regions, Ukraine’s national energy operator, Ukrenergo, wrote on Telegram. The plant is in an area that has been under Russian control since early in Moscow’s invasion of Ukraine and is not in service, but it needs reliable power to cool its six shutdown reactors and spent fuel, to avoid any catastrophic nuclear incidents. READ MORE: As Russia and Ukraine mull Trump’s peace proposal, land and security seen as main sticking points Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy said that energy facilities were the main targets of the attacks, also noting that a drone strike had “burned down” the train station in the city of Fastiv, located in the Kyiv region. Pavel Malkov said a residential building had been damaged in a drone attack and that drone debris had fallen on the grounds of an “industrial facility,” but did not mention the refinery. Meanwhile, Kyiv and its Western allies say Russia is trying to cripple the Ukrainian power grid and deny civilians access to heat, light and running water for a fourth consecutive winter, in what Ukrainian officials call “weaponizing” the cold. President Donald Trump’s advisers and Ukrainian officials said they’ll meet for a third day of talks on Saturday, after making progress on finding agreement on a security framework for postwar Ukraine. WATCH: Rubio meets with Ukrainian delegation to discuss peace and post-war plans Following Friday’s talks, the two sides also offered the sober assessment that any “real progress toward any agreement” ultimately will depend “on Russia’s readiness to show serious commitment to long-term peace.” The statement from U.S. They offered only broad brushstrokes about the progress they say has been made as Trump pushes Kyiv and Moscow to agree to a U.S.-mediated proposal to end nearly four years of war.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/politics/watch-trump-praises-italian-tenor-andrea-bocelli-ahead-of-private-concert-at-white-house
Article: President Donald Trump praised the voice of Italian tenor Andrea Bocelli on Friday, following his performance at a ceremony held to mark the FIFA 2026 World Cup draw at the Kennedy Center. WATCH: Trump attends final 2026 World Cup draw, awarded FIFA Peace Prize Trump said he and Bocelli are friends and that he asked about four weeks ago if the tenor would sing at the White House.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Health/wireStory/california-officials-warn-foraging-wild-mushrooms-after-deadly-128175458
Article: (California Department of Health via AP) California officials are warning foragers after an outbreak of poisoning linked to wild mushrooms that has killed one adult and caused severe liver damage in several patients, including children. “Because the death cap can easily be mistaken for edible safe mushrooms, we advise the public not to forage for wild mushrooms at all during this high-risk season.” One adult has died and several patients have required intensive care, including at least one who might need a liver transplant.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/06/india-warns-indigo-regulatory-action.html
Article: Passengers are seen amid heavy crowds and chaotic scenes at Indira Gandhi International Airport after stringent new crew-rostering rules triggered widespread delays and cancellations in New Delhi, India, on Dec. India's aviation watchdog on Saturday warned airline IndiGo of regulatory action after it canceled thousands of flights over the last week, stranding passengers and forcing government action to limit a surge in airfares caused by the crisis. The civil aviation watchdog sent the notice to IndiGo CEO Pieter Elbers, giving him 24 hours to respond and say why regulatory action - which can include penalties and suspension of officials - should not be taken against the airline. As the CEO "you have failed in your duty to ensure timely arrangements for conduct of reliable operations," said the notice, signed by Directorate General of Civil Aviation official, Ravinder Singh Jamwal. The Indian government said a one-way fare for a journey up to 500 kilometers cannot be more than 7,500 rupees ($83), whereas for journeys between 1,000 and 1,500 km - such as the New Delhi-Mumbai route - should be capped at 15,000 rupees ($167). The new pilot rest and duty rules capped the number of night landings to two from six and restricted the maximum number of hours a pilot can fly in the night to 10 hours. That has upset pilot labour groups, who told the government that safety must not be compromised to make up for IndiGo's poor planning, the head of the Federation of Indian Pilots, C.S.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/video/inside-story/2025/12/6/what-message-does-putins-visit-to-india-send?traffic_source=rss
Article: Presenter: Adrian Finighan Guests: Brahma Chellaney – Professor of strategic studies at the Center for Policy Research Thomas Pickering – Former diplomat and US ambassador to India and Russia Aleksei Zakharov – Fellow at Observer Research Foundation focusing on Russia’s foreign policy towards South Asia and its relations with India

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/betting/betr-promo-code-newsweek-claim-210-bonus-for-ncaaf-ufc-nfl-week-14-picks-11167387
Article: Create a new account with the Betr promo code NEWSWEEK to capitalize on one of the best daily fantasy offers in time for college football and NFL games this weekend. Betr Promo Code NEWSWEEK: Claim $210 CFB, NFL Bonus With today being all about college football, we will take you through an example of a play you can make for these games. You will have to make picks for two or more players on at least two different teams: Ty Simpson over 225.5 passing yards Ryan Williams over 44.5 receiving yards LJ Martin over 65.5 rushing yards Julian Sayin under 229.5 passing yards Gunnar Stockton under 199.5 passing yards From there, choose how much you want to risk with this entry and decide what payout option appeals to you. Register With Betr Promo Code NEWSWEEK For CFB, NFL Click here and follow the steps below to get set up with your offer: Enter basic identifying information (Name, birth date, address, etc.) alongside the promo code NEWSWEEK Get up to $200 in bonuses from the 50% deposit match offer (Credit card, debit card, online banking, etc.) Start making your selections for today's college football championship games and tomorrow's NFL games Lock in your first play with your $210 in bonuses Newsweek may earn an affiliate commission if you sign up through the links in this article.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/little-things-prove-dog-loves-part-family-11157204
Article: Jamie Richardson, chief medical officer at Small Door Veterinary, told Newsweek that, if your dog is looking for you all the time, and checking to make sure you are there when in crowds, for example, during a family party or at the dog park, they love you very much. They Follow You From Room to Room While sometimes following you can be a sign of anxiety or uncertainty, especially if there has been a change in routine, a new home, or the dog is new and still settling in, it is often a sign that they feel happy with you and just want to be near you. Sleeping in Your Space When dogs sleep close to you, it is not just because they want to steal half of the bed and make it hard for you to turn around in your sleep. Bringing You Their Favorite Toy Dogs often bring you their toys to show trust and appreciation—by offering something they value, they are essentially saying you’re part of their "pack." Pups may also do it because they want to play, wanting you to join them in a game or spend some fun time together. Relaxed Body Language Around You If your dog looks at you with soft eyes, has a loose tail, and some belly-up moments, it means that they feel happy and satisfied around you, and that they know you will keep them safe no matter what. Joining Family Activities Without Prompting Sitting in the living room during movie night or at the table while you are having dinner is not just a way for your pup to sneak some pets or free treats, but it is also a way for them to feel included, and spend time with the people they love the most in the world. Responding to Your Emotions When you pup feels connected to you, they will not only understand your emotions, but also try to offer quiet support, even if just by being there for you. Seeking Comfort During Stress While dogs often comfort their owners when they are sad, pups who are truly connected with their humans will also turn to them when they are stressed or anxious. The Happy Sigh If your dog sighs when you hold them in your arms, or scratch them behind their ears, it means they are feeling genuinely happy and content with you, and that being with you makes them feel safe and loved.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/how-to-watch-athletic-club-vs-atletico-madrid-live-stream-la-liga-tv-channel-11166199
Article: How to Watch Athletic Club vs Atletico Madrid Date: Saturday, December 6, 2025 Time: 3:00 PM ET Channel: ESPN+ ( watch now ) Stream: ESPN Athletic Club head into the match at home under pressure.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/joe-biden-stumbles-america-lgbtq-forum-speech-11167745
Article: As he accepted an award for advancing LGBTQ+ rights and for running "the most inclusive administration in US history," Biden's visible struggle with the word 'America' during a key moment in his address drew immediate attention, fueling ongoing scrutiny about his well-being. What To Know Biden was giving a keynote speech at the International LGBTQ+ Leaders Conference in Washington, D.C., an annual gathering hosted by the LGBTQ+ Victory Institute, an organisation that supports people from the community who are in elected office. While urging elected officials and advocates to "continue the fight" for equality, Biden stumbled, appeared to say, "We're the United States of Amerigotit." Biden said: "We just have to get up. We're the U.S.!" He further emphasized the need to "keep this fight going" and "protect the Constitution" in the context of what he described as challenges posed by President Donald Trump's administration, saying: "All of us are dismayed by the present state of the union." During his remarks, Biden accused Trump and his supporters of trying to "distort and derail our fight for equality", saying they had "weaponized people’s basic identity and turned it into a political football," and attempted to turn LGBTQ+ rights into "something scary, something sinister." He said: "It's not really about anything that's all that complicated. At its core, it's about giving every American an opportunity to be treated with the basic decency, dignity, and respect they all deserve." He added: "We are not guaranteed a fairytale ending, but I believe the America of our dreams is always closer than we think. But I am." The speech was part of an event where Biden accepted the Chris Abele Impact Award, honoring his administration's efforts to increase LGBTQ+ representation, with approximately 15 percent of his administration's appointees identifying as LGBTQ+, according to the Institute. What People Are Saying Spencer Hakimian, Founder of Tolou Capital Management, posted on X: "Joe Biden with a gaffe: 'We're the United States of Ameragottit.'" In his speech, Biden said: "Donald Trump and the MAGA republicans are trying to distort and derail our fight for equality. I kept my promise." He later added: "There are young people sitting alone as I speak, scrolling through social media, wondering whether they will ever truly be accepted for who they are." Evan Low, President & CEO LGBTQ+ Victory Institute, said: "Coming together as LGBTQ+ political leaders now is not just necessary, it's absolutely critical for the forward progress of our movement. We need each of our LGBTQ+ elected officials and policy makers to unite in Washington for this pivotal moment in the fight for equality, freedom and civil rights." Right-wing commentator Benny Johnson said: "Joe Biden emerges from hiding, screaming at the LGBTQ community to ‘get up and fight back’ and ‘protect the Constitution.’" What Happens Next Biden's speech and its stumble have reignited public and political scrutiny over his age, health, and communication abilities.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/mlb/red-sox-labeled-as-top-threat-for-mets-in-pete-alonso-pursuit-11167221
Article: More news: Phillies Open to Trading Brandon Marsh, Alec Bohm: Report He is still seeking a long-term commitment from a team, and whether it is the Mets or another team, the first baseman is intent on securing long-term financial security rather than sign another short-term deal that would have him prove his worth again. While Alonso seems destined to remain a Met, it is far from a sure thing, and according to MLB insider Jon Heyman, the Red Sox may raise the price for the first baseman.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/mlb/phillies-anticipated-to-make-big-offseason-move-at-winter-meetings-11164781
Article: The Philadelphia Phillies are expected to make some noise during the MLB Winter Meetings, when baseball's top executives get together, and deals get done, either via trade or with major free agents. Their roster is getting older — with players like Harper, Zack Wheeler, and Trea Turner all into their 30s — and a shake-up could be on the cards, according to a baseball insider. The Chicago Cubs, the New York Mets have been active as well as the Boston Red Sox." More news: Kyle Schwarber Reportedly Has Surprise Suitor in Free Agent Sweepstakes Dorey is right about the Phillies' propensity to spend.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/ncaa/kirk-herbstreit-calls-out-nick-saban-over-past-lane-kiffin-decision-11168306
Article: Lane Kiffin is just over a week removed from his decision to leave Ole Miss following their 11-1 regular season and likely College Football Playoff berth to accept the head coaching position at LSU. Legendary coach Nick Saban weighed in, saying he believes coaches can remain on a staff through the end of the season after accepting other jobs and still be effective, though in Kiffin’s case, there was little room for flexibility. Saban cited Kirby Smart as an example—when Smart left Alabama for Georgia, he took several assistants with him but remained actively involved with the Crimson Tide, helping them win a national title before officially leaving. “You did tell Lane [Kiffin] to leave after the semifinal against Washington and [Steve Sarkisian] took over the play-calling," Herbstreit added, More news: Florida’s Jon Sumrall Hire Prompts ‘Dodged a Bullet’ Comment on Lane Kiffin ... More news: Bengals QB Joe Burrow Has Blunt Response to Lane Kiffin Joining LSU Saban went on to explain the reasoning behind that specific decision, contrasting it with instances when he allowed other coaches to remain on his staff through the end of the season, even after they had accepted other jobs before postseason play. “That was a situation where Lane was struggling to handle taking a new job, hiring a new staff, recruiting new players at a new place—which was Florida Atlantic—while doing his job [at Alabama] the way the players and the rest of the staff expected. So it is what it is." Lane Kiffin played a key role on Nick Saban’s Alabama staff for three seasons, and while Kiffin can be a polarizing figure at times, he maintains a strong relationship with Saban, often calling him the greatest coach of all time and crediting him for much of his growth as a coach over the years.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/nascar-mourns-death-of-former-driver-michael-annett-at-39-11168381
Article: The victory held special significance for JRM co-owner Dale Earnhardt Jr., who compared it to Michael Waltrip's 2001 Daytona 500 win after being hired by Dale Earnhardt to drive for Dale Earnhardt, Inc. His 2004 season earned him a "Most Improved Player" award as his team won the Clark Cup alongside future NHL player Joe Pavelski, who went on to play 18 seasons with the San Jose Sharks and Dallas Stars, per NASCAR.com. Throughout his career, he represented our sport with integrity and the passion of a true racer." NASCAR multi-media storyteller Steven Taranto said on X: "Michael Annett led a modest 13 laps in 106 NASCAR Cup Series starts. Michael was a key member of JRM from 2017 until he retired in 2021 and was an important part in turning us into the four-car organization we remain today." Sammy Smith, JR Motorsports driver, said on X: "Very sad to lose someone who meant so much to me and my family. Michael was a great person to so many, and we'll miss him a lot." Brad Keselowski, RFK Racing co-owner, said in a statement: "Michael was an up-and-comer at the same time I was and he was looking really good. In the end, life took us different paths and all of us who knew him and the talent he had are sad to see him go." Team RSMG on X: "We are sad to have lost a family member.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/ncaa/miamis-mario-cristobal-makes-case-for-hurricanes-over-notre-dame-in-cfp-11168427
Article: Serious debates over the College Football Playoffs involve teams that aren't currently considered in the bracket, including Miami and Texas, versus a Notre Dame team that seems to have a spot. Although Saturday's conference championship games could alter the CFP bracket before Selection Sunday, many coaches continue to provide strong reasons why they believe their programs are deserving of a spot. While speaking with Colin Cowherd on “The Herd with Colin Cowherd,” Cristobal mentioned his team’s loss in "controversial" fashion to SMU this season, saying, “We own it, and we move forward.” However, he also explained why Miami should get the CFP spot. “When you look at all of it, we had an opportunity to play four common opponents,” he said, adding, “In three of those games, our results were significantly more impressive and more dominant than Notre Dame's.” "More significantly, we played, and we won the game, and never in the history of the CFP have two had a head-to-head and never once has the loser advanced, and the winner of that game back held back," he told Cowherd. He also made a strong statement about how recently college football has made headlines, with coaches holding press conferences for new schools, seemingly alluding to Lane Kiffin taking a job at LSU. “In a world of chaos, let’s not ever ever compromise the value and the importance of winning because at the end of the day, it’s still about the players, and after all the work, all the craziness they’ve gone through, if they’re not rewarded for winning, then the sport itself, I think, is in a real bad place,” Cristobal said.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/donald-trump-blasts-backlash-ballroom-costs-11167864
Article: President Donald Trump hit out at CNN’s Kaitlan Collins this weekend over questions on the increased cost of the under-construction White House ballroom in a social media post on Saturday. Why It Matters Trump’s planned $300 million White House ballroom has sparked debate from groups including politicians, preservationists, and the public over its scale and potential effects on the nation’s historic heritage. I said because it is going to be double the size, and the quality of finishes and interiors has been brought to the highest level," Trump wrote in a Truth Social post on Saturday. In October, Trump said that the cost of the renovation would total "about $300 million," Newsweek reported previously—a $100 million increase on the $200 million price tag attached to the project by The White House in July. In a letter to the Committee for the Preservation of the White House this summer, The American Institute of Architects (AIA) stressed that the design and decision-making process behind 90,000-odd square foot space, which is receiving private funding, "must be transparent and open to public input," given the White House’s "symbolic importance." Members of the Democratic Party have also criticized the renovations. The administration has dismissed pushback against the expansion as "manufactured outrage" from "unhinged leftists and their Fake News allies," asserting that the event space would be a "bold" and "necessary" addition to keep the "executive residence as a beacon of American excellence." What People Are Saying An October press release from the White House said: "For more than a century, U.S. Presidents have been renovating, expanding, and modernizing the White House to meet the needs of the present day." It added: "Now, in 2025, President Trump is carrying forward that legacy, breaking ground on a grand ballroom—a transformative addition that will significantly increase the White House’s capacity to host major functions honoring world leaders, foreign nations, and other dignitaries." Meghan McCain, political commentator, and daughter of the late Republican U.S.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/san-diego-may-pay-30m-to-family-of-black-teen-fatally-shot-by-police-11168394
Article: The city of San Diego is poised to approve one of the nation’s largest settlements in a police-related killing, weighing a $30 million settlement to the family of Konoa Wilson, a 16-year-old Black boy who was fatally shot by a San Diego police officer in January. In 2021, Minneapolis approved a record $27 million civil settlement with Floyd’s family after he died when a police officer pinned him to the ground and pressed a knee on his neck. In a video compilation of the footage posted on Facebook in February, the police department wrote, "When officers began providing medical aid, a firearm was located concealed under clothing in the juvenile's right thigh area." Gold was in the area due to an unrelated nearby call, the lawsuit and San Diego Sheriff’s Office stated. A resolution authorizing the $30 million to Wilson’s family has been added to the city council agenda for Tuesday, the Associated Press reported, which also noted the money would be paid from the Public Liability Fund. What People Are Saying Nick Rowley, the Wilson family attorney, said in a statement to City News Service on Friday: “What happened to Konoa was a catastrophic failure of policing. He was not a threat and not a suspect, yet he was shot in the back by a police officer who only saw him for one second before deciding to pull the trigger." The San Diego Sheriff's Office said in a late January press release: "The investigation and review process for officer-involved shootings are extremely thorough. When the Homicide Unit completes its investigation, it will be reviewed by the San Diego County District Attorney’s Office to determine if the officers bear any criminal liability for their actions.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/mlb/kyle-schwarber-and-reds-emerging-with-real-mutual-interest-report-11167393
Article: More news: Kyle Schwarber Reportedly Has Surprise Suitor in Free Agent Sweepstakes He is in his mid-30s, but the slugger is expected to land one of the biggest deals in free agency, at least on an average annual value basis. "It is real as far as their interests, and it is real in terms of he's a guy from Middletown, Ohio, about a half hour north of Cincinnati, and he seems to be interested in them as well," Rosenthal said on Foul Territory. "Willing to take less money or deferrals, whatever the case might be, and willing to join a team that sees him as a guy who could help them grow, help their young players, become a great influence on them, and at the same time, want to play for Terry Francona. So I don't see it happening, but I do believe, not believe, I know the Reds actually want to make this happen." The Reds are among the smaller markets in MLB and are often reluctant to spend in free agency, especially on a highly valuable player like Schwarber. However, he would form a true dynamic duo alongside Elly De La Cruz, and the short-term nature of the deal would mean that it would not take a massive hit to the salary sheet down the line. It is far more likely that Schwarber lands with the Cubs or back with the Phillies, but the Reds could factor into negotiations if the market does not materialize as expected.

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/12/06/nx-s1-5635614/waymo-school-buses-recall
Article: Waymo will recall software after its self-driving cars passed stopped school buses toggle caption Charly Triballeau/AFP via Getty Images The autonomous ride-hailing service Waymo plans to file a voluntarily software recall after several reports that its self-driving taxis illegally passed stopped school buses. The National Highway Traffic Safety Administration (NHTSA) opened an investigation in October in response to "a media report involving a Waymo AV [autonomous vehicle] that failed to remain stopped when approaching a school bus that was stopped with its red lights flashing, stop arm deployed, and crossing control arm deployed." WXIA-TV in Atlanta aired video in September that showed a Waymo vehicle driving around a school bus. Sponsor Message The NHTSA website also includes a letter from the Austin Independent School District, saying the district has documented 19 instances of Waymo vehicles "illegally and dangerously" passing the district's school buses. The letter, signed by the district's senior counsel, says in one instance the Waymo vehicle drove past the stopped bus "only moments after a student crossed in front of the vehicle, and while the student was still in the road." In a statement emailed to NPR, Waymo Chief Safety Officer Mauricio Peña said that while the company is proud of its safety record, "holding the highest safety standards means recognizing when our behavior should be better." Peña wrote that Waymo plans "to file a voluntary software recall with NHTSA" and it "will continue analyzing our vehicles performance and making necessary fixes." The company says it identified a software issue that contributed to the incidents and it believes subsequent updates will fix the problem. Given that and discussions with Waymo, the agency says "the likelihood of other prior similar incidents is high." Earlier this week, NHTSA investigators sent a list of detailed questions about the incidents to Waymo as part of its inquiry.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/video/upfront/2025/12/6/mahmood-mamdani-on-zohrans-rise-colonialism-and-us-political-change?traffic_source=rss
Article: In his new book, Slow Poison: Idi Amin, Yoweri Museveni, and the Making of the Ugandan State, Mahmood Mamdani examines how colonial rule shaped Uganda’s political institutions and the leaders who emerged from them. Mamdani also reflects on political change closer to home: His son, Zohran Mamdani, is poised to become the first Muslim mayor of New York City – a victory he says reveals deep generational shifts in US politics.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/how-to-watch-georgia-vs-alabama-live-stream-sec-championship-game-tv-channel-11165269
Article: Not that it did much good when these teams clashed earlier in the NCAA campaign, as the Crimson Tide took a 24-21 win away from Athens as early as September. The Tide ended Georgia’s 33-game home winning streak when it edged the opening salvo at Sanford Stadium, where a fast start for the visitors gave way to a scoreless second half. The same might be said for Georgia playmaker Gunner Stockton after completing just 11 of 21 throws for 70 yards in a bump win over Georgia Tech last week, with both quarterbacks targeting major improvements at Mercedes-Benz Stadium.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/wrestling/wwe-star-john-cena-sends-strong-message-on-gunther-for-snme-match-11168605
Article: Now that Cena knows who he will face in his last match before retirement, he shared his thoughts on social media regarding his competitor and the immense challenge he faces. On a night of epic proportions, it is an honor to face off against an opponent who I respect and who has earned the right to issue this final challenge! While many predicted Gunther would be Cena's final opponent, it didn't make a lot of fans happy to see Knight lose the opportunity to have that spotlight before Cena retires. 13, when he faces Gunther at "Saturday Night's Main Event." Streaming will arrive via Peacock, with WWE stars Bayley and Cody Rhodes also facing NXT stars on the big card.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/donald-trump-celebrates-indiana-voting-map-win-11168493
Article: The map cleared the Indiana House of Representatives, and Trump has urged the state’s Senate to do the same “to deliver a gigantic Victory for Republicans in the ‘Hoosier State,’ and across the Country.” Why It Matters Republicans across the country, at Trump’s insistence, have considered redistricting plans for their states in order to try and boost Republican prospects going into next year's midterms. Political analysts have speculated that the president is keen to avoid facing the same kind of legislative gridlock that plagued the second half of his first term when Democrats used the time in power to impeach him twice and oppose his agenda. What To Know The Indiana state House of Representatives passed the new congressional map on Friday, sending the legislation to the state Senate, where it currently faces a potential speed bump as it remains unclear if enough Republicans will support it. In a post on Truth Social, Trump applauded the “tremendous” Republicans in Indiana for passing the map, adding that he believed the new map is “much fairer, and improved.” “It was my Honor to win Indiana six times, including Primaries, in 2016, 2020, and 2024, and this new Map would give the incredible people of Indiana the opportunity to elect TWO additional Republicans in the 2026 Midterm Elections,” he wrote. Trump then offered “encouragement” to nine Senators – “some of whom are up for Re-Election in 2026, and some in 2028.” “Let your voice be heard loud and clear in support of these Senators doing the right thing,” the president added. What People Are Saying President Donald Trump wrote on Truth Social, in part: "The Indiana Senate must now pass this Map, AS IS, and get it to Governor Mike Braun's desk, ASAP, to deliver a gigantic Victory for Republicans in the “Hoosier State,” and across the Country." Indiana State Representative Andrew Ireland, a Republican, on Friday wrote on X: "The Indiana House of Representatives is about to vote on a 9-0 map, which could net TWO seats for Republicans. It doesn't." State Senate President Pro Tem Rodric Bray, a Republican, said in a statement last month: "The issue of redrawing Indiana's congressional maps mid-cycle has received a lot of attention and is causing strife here in our state.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/record-breaking-cocaine-seizure-made-in-eastern-pacific-11168239
Article: Members of the Coast Guard Cutter Munro made the discovery as part of Operation Pacific Viper, a broad surge against transnational drug smuggling, according to a Friday post on X from the USCG. Why It Matters The record-breaking bust came as the Trump administration and the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) renewed efforts to combat the flow of illicit drugs from Central and South America into the United States. Coast Guard reported that the crew of the USCGC Cutter Munro, based in Alameda, California, successfully intercepted a go-fast vessel in the Eastern Pacific during a counter-narcotics mission as part of Operation Pacific Viper. The Coast Guard did not disclose the fate of the individuals aboard the intercepted vessel, stating only that its focus remains on stopping the flow of narcotics to the U.S. The escalation of operations in the Eastern Pacific follows longstanding attempts to disrupt maritime trafficking routes regularly exploited by organized crime groups originating in Central and South America, including Venezuela and Colombia. The Trump administration has backed aggressive interdiction strategies, which have included lethal force against suspected drug boats on several occasions—an approach that has drawn support and controversy from lawmakers, particularly concerning incidents involving the targeting of survivors from destroyed vessels. Coast Guard wrote in a Friday post on X: “Our maritime fighting force is leading America’s drug interdiction operations, protecting the Homeland, and keeping deadly drugs out of American communities. This is where defense of America begins." Admiral Kevin Lunday, acting commandant of the Coast Guard, said in a press release last month: “The Coast Guard’s top priority is to achieve complete operational control of the U.S. We own the sea, and this historic amount of cocaine seized shows we are defeating narco-terrorist and cartel operations to protect our communities and keep dangerous drugs off our streets.” What Happens Next?

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cz680jx511no?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Zelensky said they had discussed how to ensure that Russia stuck to any potential deal to end its war with Ukraine and that he was "determined" to continue working with the US. "We covered many aspects and went through key points that could ensure an end to the bloodshed and eliminate the threat of a new Russian full scale invasion." Russia subjected Ukraine to further air and missile strikes overnight, drawing condemnation from Ukraine's EU allies. Sir Keir has repeatedly stressed that Ukraine must determine its own future, and said the coalition of the willing's peacekeeping force would play a "vital role" in guaranteeing the country's security.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cr7l4n89lr1o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: US National Park Service removes free entry on MLK Day and Juneteenth People who are not US citizens will still have to pay fees on the fee-free dates, the NPS said. In addition to removing the two holidays that celebrate civil rights leader MLK Jr and the end of slavery in the US, the agency is adding Flag Day, which is also Trump's birthday, as a "patriotic" fee-free day. The move is part of President Donald Trump's "modernisation" of the park service, which, beginning in 2026, also includes changing the parks' cost structure to favour American citizens over foreign visitors, following a July executive order from Trump. For the 2026 calendar year, US residents will be granted free access to national parks on President's Day, Memorial Day, Flag Day/President Trump's birthday, Independence Day weekend, 110th Birthday of the National Park Service, Constitution Day, Theodore Roosevelt's birthday and Veteran's Day. The Department of the Interior, which oversees the park service, announced last month that the annual pass will cost non-residents $250, and those without the pass will pay $100 per person, in addition to the standard entrance fee, at 11 of the most visited parks. "These policies ensure that US taxpayers, who already support the National Park System, continue to enjoy affordable access, while international visitors contribute their fair share to maintaining and improving our parks for future generations," Burgum's statement continued. On his first day in office this year, Trump issued an executive order banning diversity, equity, and inclusion (DEI) programmes from federal agencies, which led multiple agencies to bar celebrations of holidays seen as DEI-related, including MLK Jr Day and Juneteenth. In June, the Trump administration held a military parade in Washington DC to celebrate the US Army's 250th anniversary, which also happened to fall on both Flag Day and Trump's birthday.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/awash-oil-money-guyana-unveils-new-digital-school-128176509
Article: Guyana’s government has launched an online school expected to boost the education of thousands of students in the South American nation’s vast and largely impoverished Amazonian regions and the wider Caribbean Awash in oil money, Guyana unveils a new digital school to boost education in the Caribbean GEORGETOWN, Guyana -- Guyana’s government has launched an online school expected to boost the education of thousands of students in the South American nation’ s vast and largely impoverished Amazonian regions and the wider Caribbean. “We are not investing to be fashionable; we’re not investing to please consultants; we’re not investing to follow global trends blindly; we’re investing because this is where global opportunity is being created.” The school is not designed to eliminate physical classrooms in Guyana, where the state education system is free.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/18-migrants-die-inflatable-boat-sinks-south-greek-128176007
Article: Greek authorities say at least 18 migrants attempting to cross the Mediterranean Sea in an inflatable boat died when it capsized south of the island of Crete At least 18 migrants die as inflatable boat sinks south of Greek island of Crete; 2 rescued ATHENS, Greece -- At least 18 migrants attempting to cross the Mediterranean Sea in an inflatable boat died when it capsized south of the island of Crete, Greek authorities said Saturday. Greece is a major entry point into the European Union for people fleeing conflict and poverty in the Middle East, Africa and Asia and f atal accidents are a common occurrence. The short but perilous journey from Turkey’s coast to nearby Greek islands in inflatable dinghies or small boats, often in poor conditions, used to be the major route until increased patrols and alleged pushbacks reduced crossing attempts.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Entertainment/wireStory/trump-award-medals-kennedy-center-honorees-oval-office-128175858
Article: President Donald Trump is hosting the 2025 Kennedy Center honorees in the Oval Office for a medal presentation ceremony Trump will award medals to the Kennedy Center honorees in an Oval Office ceremony President Donald Trump speaks before a concert by Andrea Bocelli in the East Room of the White House walking towards the East Room, Friday, Dec. (AP Photo/Allison Robbert) WASHINGTON -- President Donald Trump on Saturday was hosting the 2025 Kennedy Center honorees in the Oval Office for what the White House described as a medal presentation ceremony. But the Republican president instituted a series of changes since returning to office in January, most notably ousting its board of trustees and replacing them with GOP supporters who voted him in as chairman. The president said in August that he was “about 98% involved” in choosing the 2025 honorees when he personally announced them at the Kennedy Center, the first slate chosen under his leadership. Meanwhile, the glitzy Kennedy Center Honors program and its series of tribute performances for each recipient is set to be taped on Sunday at the performing arts center for broadcast later in December on CBS and Paramount+. “And then Susie Wiles said to me, ‘Sir, I’d like you to host.' I said, OK, Susie, I’ll do it,” Trump said, referring to his White House chief of staff.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/sports/2025/12/6/torres-hits-barcelona-hat-trick-against-real-betis-in-la-liga-goalfest?traffic_source=rss
Article: The Spanish forward netted twice in the first 13 minutes of the game on Saturday – but not before the Seville-based hosts had opened the scoring through former Manchester United winger Antony. Having netted with two close-range finishes early in the match, the second a well-executed volley, Torres then completed his hat-trick in the 40th minute with a deflected effort from outside the box. Manchester United loanee Marcus Rashford, a teammate of Antony’s for the entirety of the latter’s Old Trafford career, hit a drive from the edge of the box which struck the arm of Marc Bartra. Betis had a sting in the tail still to come when Fernando Llorente pulled one back with five minutes to play, while Cucho Hernandez converted a penalty in the final minute of normal time. Six minutes of added time, thereafter, was not enough for Betis to prize a tight finish and deny Barca their moment as they moved four points clear of Real Madrid, who play Celta Vigo on Sunday.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/sports/2025/12/6/full-match-schedule-of-the-fifa-world-cup-2026-dates-start-times-stadiums?traffic_source=rss
Article: Click here to share on social media With less than six months to go until the FIFA World Cup 2026, the schedule for the 39-day tournament co-hosted by Canada, Mexico and the United States has been released. Widely considered the most famous sporting event in the world, the 2026 edition of the FIFA World Cup will be its biggest ever, with 48 nations participating instead of the usual 32 and with 104 matches to be played in the 16 venues across the three host nations. Argentina will look to defend the trophy they lifted under their iconic captain, Lionel Messi, at Qatar 2022, while Cape Verde, Curacao, Jordan, and Uzbekistan will make their debut at the finals. Group A: Mexico South Korea South Africa Denmark/Macedonia/Czechia/Ireland Group B: Canada Switzerland Qatar Italy/Northern Ireland/Wales/Bosnia Group C: Brazil Morocco Scotland Haiti Group D: USA Australia Paraguay Turkiye/Romania/Slovakia/Kosovo Group E: Germany Ecuador Ivory Coast Curacao Group F: Netherlands Japan Tunisia Ukraine/Sweden/Poland/Albania Group G: Belgium Iran Egypt New Zealand Group H: Spain Uruguay Saudi Arabia Cape Verde Group I: France Senegal Norway Iraq/Bolivia/Suriname Group J: Argentina Austria Algeria Jordan Group K: Portugal Colombia Uzbekistan DRC/Jamaica/New Caledonia Group L: England Croatia Panama Ghana When and where is the opening match of FIFA World Cup 2026? Therefore, the MetLife Stadium in New Jersey has been rebranded as the New York New Jersey Stadium and the SoFi Stadium in Los Angeles has been renamed the Los Angeles Stadium for the tournament. The stage-wise breakdown of the tournament’s schedule is: Group stage: June 11 to June 27 June 11 to June 27 Round of 32: June 28 to July 3 June 28 to July 3 Round of 16: July 4-7 July 4-7 Quarterfinals: July 9-11 July 9-11 Semifinals: July 14-15 July 14-15 Bronze medal match: July 18 July 18 Final: July 19 What’s the full match schedule of the World Cup? Group stage Thursday, June 11 Mexico vs South Africa at 3pm (21:00 GMT) – Mexico City Stadium, Mexico City, Mexico South Korea vs TDB at 10pm (04:00 GMT on Friday) – Estadio Guadalajara, Zapopan, Mexico Friday, June 12 Canada vs TBD at 3pm (20:00 GMT) – Toronto Stadium, Toronto, Canada USA vs Paraguay at 9pm (05:00 GMT on Saturday) – Los Angeles Stadium, Los Angeles, US Saturday, June 13 Qatar vs Switzerland at 3pm (23:00 GMT) – San Francisco Bay Area Stadium, San Francisco, US Brazil vs Morocco at 6pm (23:00 GMT) – New York New Jersey Stadium, New Jersey, US Haiti vs Scotland at 9pm (02:00 GMT on Sunday) – Boston Stadium, Boston, US Australia vs TBD at midnight (08:00 GMT on Sunday) – BC Place, Vancouver, Canada Sunday, June 14 Germany vs Curacao at 1pm (19:00 GMT) – Houston Stadium, Houston, US Netherlands vs Japan at 4pm (22:00 GMT) – Dallas Stadium, Dallas, US Ivory Coast vs Ecuador at 7pm (00:00 GMT on Monday) – Philadelphia Stadium, Philadelphia, US TBD vs Tunisia at 10pm (04:00 GMT on Monday) – Estadio Monterrey, Guadalupe, Mexico Monday, June 15 Spain vs Cape Verde at 12pm (17:00 GMT) – Atlanta Stadium, Atlanta, US Belgium vs Egypt at 3pm (23:00 GMT) – BC Place, Vancouver, Canada Saudi Arabia vs Uruguay at 6pm (23:00 GMT) – Miami Stadium, Miami, US Iran vs New Zealand at 9pm (05:00 GMT on Tuesday) – Los Angeles Stadium, Los Angeles, US Advertisement Tuesday, June 16 France vs Senegal at 3pm (20:00 GMT) – New York New Jersey Stadium, New Jersey, US TBD vs Norway at 6pm (23:00 GMT) – Boston Stadium, Boston, US Argentina vs Algeria at 9pm (03:00 GMT on Wednesday) – Kansas City Stadium, Kansas City, US Austria vs Jordan at midnight (08:00 GMT on Wednesday) – San Francisco Bay Area Stadium, San Francisco, US Wednesday, June 17 Portugal vs TBD at 1pm (19:00 GMT) – Houston Stadium, Houston, US England vs Croatia at 4pm (22:00 GMT) – Dallas Stadium, Dallas, US Ghana vs Panama at 7pm (00:00 GMT on Thursday) – Toronto Stadium, Toronto, Canada Uzbekistan vs Colombia at 10pm (04:00 GMT on Thursday) – Mexico City Stadium, Mexico City, Mexico Thursday, June 18 TBD vs South Africa at 12pm (17:00 GMT) – Atlanta Stadium, Atlanta, US Switzerland vs TBD at 3pm (23:00 GMT) – Los Angeles Stadium, Los Angeles, US Canada vs Qatar at 6pm (02:00 GMT on Friday) – BC Place, Vancouver, Canada Mexico vs South Korea at 9pm (03:00 GMT on Friday) – Estadio Guadalajara, Zapopan, Mexico Friday, June 19 Scotland vs Morocco at 6pm (23:00 GMT) – Boston Stadium, Boston, US USA vs Australia at 3pm (23:00 GMT) – Seattle Stadium, Seattle, US Brazil vs Haiti at 9pm (02:00 GMT on Saturday) – Philadelphia Stadium, Philadelphia, US TBD vs Paraguay at midnight (08:00 GMT on Saturday) – San Francisco Bay Area Stadium, San Francisco, US Saturday, June 20 Netherlands vs TBD at 1pm (19:00 GMT) – Houston Stadium, Houston, US Germany vs Ivory Coast at 4pm (21:00 GMT) – Toronto Stadium, Toronto, Canada Ecuador vs Curacao at 8pm (04:00 GMT on Sunday) – Kansas City Stadium, Kansas City, US, Tunisia vs Japan at midnight (06:00 GMT on Sunday) – Estadio Monterrey, Guadalupe, Mexico Sunday, June 21 Spain vs Saudi Arabia at 12pm (17:00 GMT) – Atlanta Stadium, Atlanta, US Belgium vs Iran at 3pm (23:00 GMT) – Los Angeles Stadium, Los Angeles, US Uruguay vs Cape Verde at 6pm (23:00 GMT) – Miami Stadium, Miami, US New Zealand vs Egypt at 9pm (05:00 GMT on Monday) – BC Place, Vancouver, Canada Monday, June 22 Argentina vs Austria at 1pm (19:00 GMT) – Dallas Stadium, Dallas, US France vs TBD at 5pm (22:00 GMT) – Philadelphia Stadium, Philadelphia, US Norway vs Senegal at 8pm (01:00 GMT on Tuesday) – New York New Jersey Stadium, New Jersey, US Jordan vs Algeria at 11pm (07:00 GMT on Tuesday) – San Francisco Bay Area Stadium, San Francisco, US Tuesday, June 23 Portugal vs Uzbekistan at 1pm (19:00 GMT) – Houston Stadium, Houston, US England vs Ghana at 4pm (21:00 GMT) – Boston Stadium, Boston, US Panama vs Croatia at 7pm (00:00 GMT on Wednesday) – Toronto Stadium, Toronto, Canada Colombia vs TBD at 10pm (04:00 GMT on Wednesday) – Estadio Guadalajara, Zapopan, Mexico Wednesday, June 24 Switzerland vs Canada at 3pm (23:00 GMT) – BC Place, Vancouver, Canada TBD vs Qatar at 3pm (23:00 GMT) – Seattle Stadium, Seattle, US Scotland vs Brazil at 6pm (23:00 GMT) – Miami Stadium, Miami, US Morocco vs Haiti at 6pm (23:00 GMT) – Atlanta Stadium, Atlanta, US TBD vs Mexico at 9pm (03:00 GMT on Thursday) – Mexico City Stadium, Mexico City, Mexico Advertisement South Africa vs South Korea at 9pm (03:00 GMT on Thursday) – Estadio Monterrey, Guadalupe, Mexico Thursday, June 25 Ecuador vs Germany at 4pm (21:00 GMT)– New York New Jersey Stadium, New Jersey, US Curacao vs Ivory Coast at 4pm (21:00 GMT) – Philadelphia Stadium, Philadelphia, US Japan vs TBD at 7pm (01:00 GMT on Friday) – Dallas Stadium, Dallas, US Tunisia vs Netherlands at 7pm (01:00 GMT on Friday – Kansas City Stadium, Kansas City, US, TBD vs USA at 10pm (06:00 GMT on Friday) – Los Angeles Stadium, Los Angeles, US Paraguay vs Australia at 10pm (06:00 GMT on Friday) – San Francisco Bay Area Stadium, San Francisco, US Friday, June 26 Norway vs France at 3pm (20:00 GMT) – Boston Stadium, Boston, US Senegal vs TDB 3pm at (20:00 GMT) – Toronto Stadium, Toronto, Canada Cape Verde vs Saudi Arabia at 8pm (02:00 GMT on Saturday) – Houston Stadium, Houston, US Uruguay vs Spain at 8pm (02:00 GMT on Saturday) – Estadio Guadalajara, Zapopan, Mexico Egypt vs Iran at 11pm (07:00 GMT on Saturday) – Seattle Stadium, Seattle, US New Zealand vs Belgium at 11pm (07:00 GMT on Saturday) – BC Place, Vancouver, Canada Saturday, June 27 Panama vs England at 5pm (22:00 GMT) – New York New Jersey Stadium, New Jersey, US Croatia vs Ghana at 5pm (22:00 GMT) – Philadelphia Stadium, Philadelphia, US Colombia vs Portugal at 7:30pm (02:30 GMT on Sunday) – Miami Stadium, Miami, US TBD vs Uzbekistan at 7:30pm (02:30 GMT on Sunday) – Atlanta Stadium, Atlanta, US Algeria vs Austria at 10pm (04:00 GMT on Sunday) – Kansas City Stadium, Kansas City, US, Jordan vs Argentina at 10pm (04:00 GMT on Sunday) – Dallas Stadium, Dallas, US Knockout stage Sunday, June 28 Round of 32 match at 3pm (23:00 GMT) – Los Angeles Stadium, Los Angeles, US Monday, June 29 Round of 32 match at 1pm (19:00 GMT) – Houston Stadium, Houston, US Round of 32 match at 4:30pm (22:30 GMT) – Boston Stadium, Boston, US Round of 32 match at 9pm (03:00 GMT on Tuesday) – Estadio Monterrey, Guadalupe, Mexico Tuesday, June 30 Round of 32 match at 1pm (19:00 GMT) – Dallas Stadium, Dallas, US Round of 32 match at 5pm (22:00 GMT) – New York New Jersey Stadium, New Jersey, US Round of 32 match at 9pm (03:00 GMT on Wednesday) – Mexico City Stadium, Mexico City, Mexico Wednesday, July 1 Round of 32 match at 12pm (17:00 GMT) – Atlanta Stadium, Atlanta, US Round of 32 match at 4pm (00:00 GMT on Thursday) – Seattle Stadium, Seattle, US Round of 32 match at 8pm (04:00 GMT on Thursday) – San Francisco Bay Area Stadium, San Francisco, US Thursday, July 2 Round of 32 match at 3pm (23:00 GMT) – Los Angeles Stadium, Los Angeles, US Round of 32 match at 7pm (00:00 GMT on Friday) – Toronto Stadium, Toronto, Canada Round of 32 match at 11pm (07:00 GMT on Friday) – BC Place, Vancouver, Canada Friday, July 3 Round of 32 match at 2pm (21:00 GMT) – Dallas Stadium, Dallas, US Round of 32 match at 6pm (23:00 GMT) – Miami Stadium, Miami, US Round of 32 match at 9:30pm (03:30 GMT on Saturday) – Kansas City Stadium, Kansas City, US, Saturday, July 4 Round of 16 match at 1pm (19:00 GMT) – Houston Stadium, Houston, US Round of 16 match at 5pm (22:00 GMT) – Philadelphia Stadium, Philadelphia, US Sunday, July 5 Round of 16 match at 4pm (21:00 GMT) – New York New Jersey Stadium, New Jersey, US Round of 16 match at 8pm (02:00 GMT on Monday) – Mexico City Stadium, Mexico City, Mexico Monday, July 6 Round of 16 match at 3pm (21:00 GMT) – Dallas Stadium, Dallas, US Round of 16 match at 8pm (04:00 GMT on Tuesday) – Seattle Stadium, Seattle, US Tuesday, July 7 Round of 16 match at 12pm (17:00 GMT) – Atlanta Stadium, Atlanta, US Advertisement Round of 16 match at 4pm (00:00 GMT on Wednesday) – BC Place, Vancouver, Canada Thursday, 9 July First quarterfinal at 4pm (21:00 GMT) – Boston Stadium, Boston, US Friday, 10 July Second quarterfinal at 3pm (23:00 GMT) – Los Angeles Stadium, Los Angeles, US Saturday, July 11 Third quarterfinal at 5pm (22:00 GMT) – Miami Stadium, Miami, US Fourth quarterfinal at 9pm (03:00 GMT on Sunday) – Kansas City Stadium, Kansas City, US Tuesday, July 14 First semifinal at 3pm (21:00 GMT) – Dallas Stadium, Dallas, US Wednesday, July 15 Second semifinal at 3pm (20:00 GMT) – Atlanta Stadium, Atlanta, US Saturday, July 18 Bronze medal match at 5pm (22:00 GMT) – Miami Stadium, Miami, US Sunday, July 19 Final at 3pm (20:00 GMT) – New York New Jersey Stadium, New Jersey, US

Link: https://www.latimes.com/california/story/2025-12-06/san-diego-to-pay-30-million-to-family-of-16-year-old-teen-shot-by-police
Article: On Tuesday, the San Diego City Council will vote to approve a $30 million dollar settlement with the family of Konoa Wilson, a teen who was shot earlier this year by police as he ran out of the Santa Fe Depot downtown. This settlement could be the largest ever resulting from a police killing in the United States, surpassing the $27 million settlement the city of Minneapolis reached with the family of George Floyd, the Wilson family attorney, Nicholas Rowley, told the San Diego Union-Tribune. Daniel Gold, a two-year police officer with the San Diego Police Department at the time, and his partner were responding to another incident in the area when the shooting began. He’d be at the beach every day with his dad if he could.” In 2021, the Minneapolis City Council approved a $27 million settlement to the family of George Floyd.

Link: https://www.latimes.com/california/story/2025-12-06/christmas-tree-lane-will-light-up-tonight-carrying-on-beloved-tradition-in-fire-ravaged-altadena
Article: Rising from the ashes, the Altadena Christmas Tree Lane Association’s Winter Festival is gearing up for a record crowd today as it celebrates its 105th anniversary of lighting a near mile of deodar cedars along Santa Rosa Avenue, a.k.a. Last year the event drew an estimated 12,000 people, she said, but they are expecting more like 15,000 this year because of the outpouring of interest and support for the community since the fire. And this year, after the fire destroyed so much of Altadena, people want to support the community, she said, “and they also want to come out and celebrate.” The Disney Co. is showing its support by creating a special Disney Voluntears Village with lots of festive Christmas decor, free activities and even a few appearances by unnamed Disney characters, Arevalo said. As usual, Santa Claus will be visiting again, to listen to everyone’s Christmas wishes (expect a line of people waiting to greet him), and many organizations are setting up booths to describe the services they offer to the community.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/ufc-323s-alexandre-pantoja-agrees-with-dana-white-on-controversial-topic-11160431
Article: More News: UFC 323’s Merab Dvalishvili Explains Improved Relationship With Dana White Another Year-End PPV Appearance For the third time in a row, Pantoja will be competing on the UFC's year-end pay-per-view event. I think every fighter loves to fight in Las Vegas, especially in T-Mobile Arena." New Generation of Flyweights Many within the MMA space have viewed Van as the face of a new generation of flyweights. I think he deserves to fight for the belt." Pantoja believes Van received a shot at the flyweight gold as quickly as he did because he took advantage of late opportunities. Of course, if he's fighting me it's different, but I want to help him get to that position because he helped make me champion." A Familiar Face on UFC 323 Card Pantoja's old rival Brandon Moreno will also be featured at UFC 323 in Las Vegas.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/insiders-drop-conflicting-cubs-zac-gallen-reports-11168029
Article: "The Chicago Cubs are close to finalizing an agreement with free-agent starter Zac Gallen on a multi-year deal that will pay him an average of $22 million a year," Nightengale wrote on X. "Gallen, with three top-10 Cy Young finishes, has averaged 32 starts a year for the past 4 seasons." Nightengale quickly updated and backtracked by saying the Cubs are "hopeful" for a team. "Update: The Chicago Cubs are hopeful of finalizing an agreement with free-agent starter Zac Gallen on a multi-year deal, but the deal is not done with others still in contention," Nightengale wrote on X. "Gallen, with three top-10 Cy Young finishes, has averaged 32 starts a year for the past 4 seasons." ESPN's Jeff Passan weighed in and shut all of the noise down.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/mlb/yankees-trade-idea-swaps-2-prospects-for-116m-all-star-slugger-11168145
Article: The New York Yankees have publicly stated that Anthony Volpe will be their shortstop next season, but upgrading from him would certainly help their chances of getting back to the World Series. The Arzona Diamondbacks are reportedly listening to offers on Ketel Marte and The Athletic's Jim Bowden proposed this blockbuster trade to get him to the Bronx: Yankees receive: 2B Ketel Marte Diamondbacks receive: RHP Elmer Rodriguez (Yankees No.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/dodgers-interested-in-bringing-back-34-year-old-veteran-report-11168297
Article: On the other hand, they had the oldest position player group in the majors a year ago and a deep farm system of potential young contributors." Hernández is a three-time World Series champion in his second stint with the Dodgers. The 34-year-old has spent the majority of his career, and with Los Angeles looking to win a third-straight World Series next season, it makes sense that there is mutual interest in Hernández staying with the team.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/mets-fan-favorite-slugger-predicted-to-bolt-for-monster-deal-with-red-sox-11168567
Article: "Alonso’s leadership, power and willingness to play every day would rub off on all the young Red Sox players and he’d take the pressure off rising star Roman Anthony," Bowden wrote. "The Red Sox might need to refurbish the Green Monster with all the dings Alonso would put in it over the next several years." The Red Sox need to spend big to add a slugger in free agency.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/blue-jays-projected-to-sign-superstar-to-massive-7-year-189-million-deal-11168187
Article: "Bichette wants to be there and they want him there — let’s get it done." Bichette is likely headed for a huge deal, but there are only a handful of teams that can afford such a big contract. Retaining him would be a big move to make, especially after signing Cease, but it's the kind of move they need to make if they want to get back to the World Series and beyond.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/mlb/phillies-might-lose-26-year-old-strikeout-artist-experts-say-11167845
Article: The Philadelphia Phillies, as a prospective playoff contender, are statistically more likely to lose a prospect than they are to take a shot on one from another team (though that certainly can't be ruled out). On Thursday, Sam Dykstra and Jesse Borek of MLB Pipeline named right-handed pitcher Griff McGarry as the Phillies' top Rule 5 Draft candidate, thanks to his electric stuff and gaudy strikeout totals. His low-80s sweeper averaged 17-18 inches of gloveside movement in front of Statcast, and he has a mid-80s slider that’s a little shorter than that; both can generate a heavy amount of whiffs. A Rule 5 club would have to want to buy and build on that progress." There's never any guarantee that a player gets moved in the Rule 5 process, but the consensus around the industry seems to be that McGarry is a strong candidate. Philadelphia, meanwhile, has a loaded starting rotation that they could still add to in the offseason, so don't be surprised if McGarry becomes an impact Phillies reliever in the future if he isn't selected.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/cinnabon-responds-to-viral-video-of-worker-harassing-somali-couple-11168558
Article: The company released a statement on X on Saturday saying the employee was immediately terminated by the franchise owner and that their actions "do not reflect our values or the welcoming experience every guest deserves." The incident occurred when a Somali couple entered the bakery to purchase food. The widespread circulation prompted Cinnabon to issue a public response Saturday addressing the incident directly: "We've seen the disturbing video from the Cinnabon bakery in Ashwaubenon, WI, and we do not condone this behavior. Their actions do not reflect our values or the welcoming experience every guest deserves." Trump has increasingly targeted the Somali community in recent weeks, saying they "have caused a lot of trouble" and "contribute nothing." On Wednesday, he called Somali immigrants "garbage" and claimed "they've destroyed our country" while discussing alleged fraud in Minnesota's social services systems. However, Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent acknowledged his agency is still investigating these claims, and federal prosecutors have not charged any defendants in recent Minnesota fraud cases with providing material support to foreign terrorist organizations. Local Somali community leaders, along with Democratic Governor Tim Walz and Minneapolis Mayor Jacob Frey, have pushed back against efforts to blame the broader community for isolated fraud cases, including the Feeding Our Future scandal—a $300 million COVID-19-related fraud case involving a program meant to feed children during the pandemic. What People Are Saying A Cinnabon spokesperson told Newsweek on Saturday: "We are aware of the deeply troubling video involving a former employee at the independently owned and operated Cinnabon bakery in Ashwaubenon, Wisconsin. We take this situation seriously and remain committed to ensuring all guests are treated with dignity, respect, and kindness every time they visit one of our bakeries." What Happens Next?

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/mlb/orioles-claim-former-1st-round-pick-from-rockies-on-waivers-11168170
Article: Coming off a ghastly 43-119 season and with a new front office taking the reins, the Colorado Rockies waived a handful of players this week to create openings on the 40-man roster, which they could use on free agents, trade pickups, or selections in next week's Rule 5 Draft. The 24-year-old, who the Rockies selected in the competitive balance portion of the 2020 draft out of high school in Texas, immediately became a member of the Baltimore 40-man roster. Romo is 9-for-54 (.167) in 19 major league games thus far, and he does not have a home run.The switch-hitter may face long odds to make the major league roster out of spring training (note the aforementioned logjam of catchers in front of him), but he has two minor-league options remaining.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/manhunt-underway-for-third-escaped-louisiana-inmate-11168579
Article: What To Know Authorities in Opelousas, Louisiana, have been searching for Keith Eli, 24, since the early morning hours of December 3 after he and two others escaped custody from the St. Joseph was being held on charges including principal to first-degree rape and multiple firearms offenses; Harrington faced charges such as home invasion and aggravated assault with a firearm, the sheriff's office said. Landry Parish Sheriff, said in a statement cited by the AP Saturday: “We would prefer that he surrender himself peaceably, but we will not rest until he is captured.” Maj. Landry Parish Sheriff's Office spokesperson, told media during the search: “They’re charged with violent felonies and we know they’re desperate to get away.” What Happens Next Authorities have stated that the search for Eli will continue until he is apprehended.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/6/israeli-drone-chases-and-kills-elderly-woman-in-gaza-as-attacks-continue?traffic_source=rss
Article: An elderly woman and her son were among at least seven Palestinians killed in the latest Israeli attacks in Gaza, as the military continues to operate across the “yellow line” ceasefire demarcation. Health officials reported the killings on Saturday in Beit Lahiya, Jabalia, and Zeitoun, including a 70-year-old woman and her son, who were hunted down and killed by a drone in Gaza City. The Israeli military said it killed three people in separate incidents, claiming they had crossed the “yellow line” – an unmarked boundary where the Israeli military repositioned itself when the ceasefire with Hamas came into effect on October 10. However, Al Jazeera’s Hani Mahmoud, reporting from Gaza City, said the woman and her son were chased by a quadcopter drone about one kilometre [half a mile] from the yellow line and “left there to bleed to death” as the aircraft continued hovering overhead, preventing anyone from reaching them. Elsewhere in Gaza on Saturday, Israeli forces demolished residential buildings and public infrastructure in the Shujayea district east of Gaza City, launching a major assault with tanks, attack drones, and ground troops that forced Palestinians to flee, Al Jazeera correspondents reported. Advertisement The military has begun erecting sand barriers that isolate the eastern part of the city, and Israeli forces have also pushed tanks and armoured vehicles 300 to 500 metres (985- 1,640 feet) beyond the yellow line near Salah al-Din Street in western Gaza City. Qatar’s Prime Minister Sheikh Mohammed bin Abdulrahman bin Jassim Al Thani said at the Doha Forum on Saturday that the Gaza ceasefire is at a “critical moment” and was at risk of falling apart without a renewed push towards finding a permanent end to the war. Not even a partner for a sustainable ceasefire.” The killings on Saturday bring the death toll since the October ceasefire to at least 367 Palestinians, with 953 wounded and 624 bodies recovered from rubble, according to Gaza’s Health Ministry. On Saturday, Israeli human rights group B’Tselem said Israel’s restrictions on aid, including winter essentials, have left children in summer clothing and barefoot in the cold after storms destroyed 13,000 tents last month. According to the UN Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs (OCHA), one in four households is eating only a single meal daily, while 10 percent went an entire day without food at least once in the past month. Elsewhere, eight Muslim-majority nations, including Egypt and Qatar, released a statement rejecting Israel’s plan to make the Rafah crossing one-way for Palestinians leaving Gaza, warning it would violate the US-brokered peace deal and risk enabling forced displacement.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/world/asia/migrant-workers-heroes-children-hong-kong-fire-rcna246724
Article: When a massive fire ignited in the middle of the afternoon, tearing across seven of the estate’s eight buildings, Alcaraz shielded the baby in her arms and was rescued by firefighters just in time, along with her employer’s elderly mother. Hong Kong, an international financial hub of 7.5 million people, is home to hundreds of thousands of domestic helpers like Alcaraz, mostly women from low-income Asian countries such as the Philippines and Indonesia. 27 blaze at Wang Fuk Court in the northern district of Tai Po, which killed at least 159 people, has put a spotlight on the critical role they play in the city, where they work for low wages and often live in cramped homes alongside employers who heavily rely on them for housework and caregiving. Philip Fong / AFP via Getty Images The Tai Po fire, the deadliest in Hong Kong in almost 80 years, has shocked and angered the public amid accusations of corrupt business practices and failures in government oversight. Hong Kong’s top leader, John Lee, said this week that a judge-led independent committee would be set up to “review” the fire, which displaced thousands of people from their homes. “I salute you, Rhodora, and all overseas foreign workers who continue to sacrifice for their families even while far from home,” she said in a Facebook post Sunday after visiting Alcaraz in the hospital. While authorities and aid agencies announced several support measures for affected residents, including transitional housing and a donor-supported reconstruction fund that has raised about 2.8 billion Hong Kong dollars ($360 million), the fire creates additional uncertainty for domestic helpers, who live in Hong Kong on dedicated visas and are entitled to far fewer rights than a typical resident. Even with an additional food allowance of about $160, they still earn below the minimum wage in Hong Kong, which at about $5.40 an hour amounts to $860 a month for a 40-hour workweek. Tommy Wang / AFP - Getty Images It is also unclear whether employers whose homes have been destroyed will be able to pay their salaries on time, even as the workers — who are so embedded with families that they often act as the primary caregivers to children and elderly relatives — continue providing care. They don’t have this question, whether I should work,” said Tong, who visited some of the displaced workers over the past week in government-run temporary shelters that journalists could not access. In most cases they worked six days a week, meeting fellow workers on Sundays at parks and other public places to sing karaoke, do each other’s nails or enjoy picnics. Now they are not only traumatized, but they may also be facing more pressure at work and feeling isolated at a time when they are far away from their families, Tong and Sringatin said. Philip Fong / AFP via Getty Images “They are trying their best to perform their duties, but at the same time they need to be strong, because as a domestic worker there is this feeling that they don’t have anyone in here,” Sringatin said. In the short term, she said, there are ample donations at their center in Hong Kong’s Jordan neighborhood, where workers on Monday were sorting through clothes, toiletries, medicines and more.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/football/articles/cze8rnx4g7go?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: After the game, the scorer of 250 goals in 420 Liverpool appearances said in an extraordinary interview with journalists: "I think it is very clear that somebody wants me to take all the blame.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/world/qatari-prime-minister-says-gaza-ceasefire-is-at-a-critical-moment-as-first-phase-winds-down
Article: DOHA, Qatar (AP) — Qatar’s prime minister on Saturday said the Gaza ceasefire has reached a “critical moment” as its first phase winds down, with the remains of one Israeli hostage still to be handed over by militants. Sheikh Mohammed bin Abdulrahman Al Thani told a conference in the Qatari capital that international mediators, led by the U.S., are working “to force the way forward” to the second phase to cement the deal. “We cannot consider it yet a ceasefire.” He added: “A ceasefire cannot be completed unless there is a full withdrawal of Israeli forces, there is stability back in Gaza, people can go in and out, which is not the case today.” While the ceasefire halted the heavy fighting of the two-year war, Gaza health officials say that over 360 Palestinians have been killed by Israeli fire since the truce took effect on Oct. However, it said that Israeli soldiers on Saturday killed three militants who crossed the “yellow line” into Israeli-controlled northern part of Gaza and “posed an immediate threat.” The Israeli army has said it has carried out a number of attacks on Palestinians crossing the ceasefire line. It includes the deployment of an international security force in Gaza, formation of a new technocratic government for the territory, disarmament of Hamas and an eventual withdrawal of Israeli forces. Arab and Western officials told The Associated Press on Friday that an international body overseeing the ceasefire, to be led by Trump himself, is expected to be appointed by the end of the year. Qatar’s prime minister said that even the upcoming phase should be “temporary” and that peace in the region could only take place with the eventual establishment of a Palestinian state — something that is opposed by Israel’s hard-line government. administration to achieve this vision at the end of the day.” Turkish Foreign Minister Hakan Fidan said there is a “big question” over the formation of an international security force for Gaza.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/06/trump-administration-waives-11-million-southwest-fine.html
Article: The Trump administration said it will forgive the last $11 million of a civil fine against Southwest Airlines that stems from the carrier's 2022 holiday meltdown that stranded some 2 million passengers after nearly 17,000 flights were canceled. The Transportation Department under the Biden administration in late 2023 fined the Dallas-based airline $140 million, though the agency then credited the airline with all but $35 million of that amount because of its compensation to customers. In an order filed Friday, the Transportation Department cited Southwest's more than $1 billion investments in its technology and operation since the holiday meltdown as reason for the additional credit.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/06/musk-denies-800-billion-spacex-valuation-reports.html
Article: "SpaceX has been cash flow positive for many years and does periodic stock buybacks twice a year to provide liquidity for employees and investors," Musk said in a post on X.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/6/bethlehem-lights-up-christmas-tree-amid-hopes-for-economic-recovery?traffic_source=rss
Article: Between Israel’s genocidal war on people in Gaza and near-daily Israeli assaults on Bethlehem and other cities across the occupied West Bank, Palestinians have endured great suffering over the past two years. But Saturday brought a glimmer of hope to the crowds who gathered in Bethlehem’s Manger Square, outside of the Church of the Nativity, to watch the Christmas tree there be lit for the first time since 2022. Families were here, dignitaries, people who came from across the occupied West Bank and even Palestinian citizens of Israel.” Bethlehem’s Christmas tree lighting ceremonies are “usually a lot rowdier and a lot more cheerful with dances and songs”, said Odeh. Bethlehem, where Christians believe Jesus was born, is also suffering from a severe economic crisis, with many businesses that have been around for generations forced to shut their doors due to severe Israeli restrictions that cut it off from the rest of the world. At least Palestine boasts a long Christmas season – marking the significant date of December 25 for Western Christians and January 6 and 7 for Armenian and Eastern Orthodox Christians, respectively – finally culminating in the tree coming down on January 20. Despite this year’s Christmas tree lighting ceremony being more subdued than in the past, Odeh said Palestinians in Bethlehem see it “as an opportunity to – on the one hand – give their kids some joy, but on the other tell the world that Bethlehem is open and ready to receive them” in the hopes of “breathing some life into their strangled economy”.

Link: https://www.latimes.com/california/story/2025-12-06/some-say-california-prisons-should-have-more-single-cell-units
Article: Advertisement “I don’t know if this person has the propensity to murder me in my sleep or commit a violent act against me just because they’re feeling some type of way.” Some California policymakers and prison officials believe it’s time to rethink these potentially harmful housing situations. San Quentin Rehabilitation Center stands at the forefront of the discussion, with an “earned living” housing unit comprised exclusively of single-person cells and plans to similarly repurpose the vacated Death Row buildings. Advertisement “You can’t do that if you’re in an environment that causes chaos and stress — or you can’t sleep, you’re having confrontations, you’re irritable because you’re sleeping with one eye open.” Conversations spark change Jenkins visited San Quentin numerous times over the last two years and spoke with Warren and others. “The threat of violence and tension in shared cells… fosters conflicts amongst cellmates, necessitating intervention from correctional officers, who place themselves in jeopardy, thereby escalating the overall risk within the facility for all parties involved,” the California Correctional Peace Officers Assn. After everything was all said and done, there were so many conversations about how these two people shouldn’t be together — about how one person was having an issue with the other person, but (officers) not giving it full regard of the mental health issues.” A new era of decarceration Old prisons, such as San Quentin and Folsom, were originally designed to house one person per cell. Kenthi Porter, an incarcerated resident of Ironwood State Prison, submitted a letter to the Legislature through the abolitionist group Initiate Justice that said single-cell policies “may reinforce the infrastructure of mass incarceration… by utilizing current excess bed space and providing a pretext for halting future prison closure or expanding existing prison infrastructure.” Connolly emphasized that the bill does not attempt to legislate on any prison closure decisions. I think we have to think about the conditions that they’re in and not symbolic gestures.” Advertisement Incentivizing good behavior One big roadblock that can derail parole and reentry opportunities is the common prison practice of holding both cellmates accountable for the actions of one. “You have to collectively pay for what this person did because, in here, you’re guilty until proven innocent — and most of the time, they usually find us guilty.” Disciplinary infractions remain part of an incarcerated individual’s permanent record and affect their chances of parole or resentencing. It’s effective in that it allows the correctional officers who work in that unit to actually be able to have less stress themselves because they know that these inmates are incentivized to behave.” Erick Maciel resides in Donner and has been there since its inception as an earned living unit in 2023.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/ncaa/nick-saban-predicts-who-will-win-ohio-state-indiana-big-ten-championship-11168744
Article: Ohio State's Julian Sayin is widely recognized as the top quarterback in the country, but Indiana's Fernando Mendoza isn't far behind him and could be the first QB drafted next April. More news: Ohio State QB Julian Sayin Sends Clear Message on Big Ten Title Game If anyone has a clear insight into who will win this game, it's legendary former Alabama coach Nick Saban. Saban picked other game winners, too, and it's no surprise that he is going with Alabama to beat Georgia in the SEC Championship Game, although everyone else on the panel went with Georgia with the exception of Herstreit, who didn't pick.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nfl/nfl-makes-final-decision-on-punishment-for-bills-qb-josh-allen-2-11168820
Article: Though Bills quarterback Josh Allen didn’t have a standout game statistically (he threw for 123 yards, one touchdown, and one interception while rushing for 38 yards and another touchdown), he did make headlines when he passed former MVP QB Cam Newton for the most career rushing touchdowns by a quarterback in NFL history (76). More News: Jared Goff Incident Could Lead to Big NFL Fine for Cowboys Pass-Rusher After being tackled by a host of Steelers, led by Heyward, the Pro Bowl defensive end accused Allen of kneeing him in the stomach, which is what sparked his aggressive post-whistle behavior. More News: Kirk Herbstreit Sends Stern Warning to Notre Dame Ahead of Final CFP Rankings However, when the NFL released its list of weekly fines on Saturday, Allen’s name was not on it.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/mlb/mets-orioles-could-target-nl-all-star-ace-in-surprise-move-11168704
Article: MLB has already seen some massive moves this offseason, with Dylan Cease signing a $210 million deal with the Toronto Blue Jays and the Los Angeles Angels making a blockbuster trade for Grayson Rodriguez from the Baltimore Orioles. "Execs report a ton of trade talk going on right now, with some front office types saying teams are more open, more willing than in recent years to discuss a range of players," Olney reported via X (formerly Twitter). Gore had a hot start to the season, posting a 3.02 ERA up to the All-Star break, but limped through the second half of 2025, ending the year with a 4.17 ERA. More news: Kyle Schwarber and Reds Emerging With Real Mutual Interest: Report The Nationals finished dead last in the NL East in 2025, and a rebuild around key players like James Wood and C.J. "A young thrower with good stuff, he played for a bad Washington team that is likely headed toward (another) rebuild and could utilize their best pitcher to garner more draft picks and expedite the process," Beaston wrote. "The New York Mets and Baltimore Orioles, two teams well known to be looking for starters, are worth watching in regards to the pitcher." More news: Kyle Schwarber Reportedly Has Surprise Suitor in Free Agent Sweepstakes The Orioles and Mets finished 24th and 18th, respectively, in starter ERA in 2025, and neither placed well among the rest of the league in strikeout percentage either. With each coming off a disappointing season in their own regard, the addition of an All-Star-caliber piece like Gore would be a huge boost to both teams in their extremely competitive divisions.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/wrestling/wwe-insider-slams-absurd-roman-reigns-rumors-11168773
Article: More News: WWE Reveals John Cena’s Final Opponent in Retirement Match Roman Reigns' WrestleMania Direction WWE has teased what Reigns' direction will be going into "WrestleMania 42" in Las Vegas. Many within the professional wrestling industry have scoffed at that idea, as they want to see fresh opponents for "The OTC" and "The American Nightmare." Reigns and Rhodes are 1-1 against each other at WWE's biggest show of the year.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/how-your-christmas-decorations-could-give-away-your-age-11156012
Article: Whether you’re the type of person who puts the Christmas tree up as early as possible, or you’re a little more last minute (Christmas Eve, anyone?), how you choose to decorate is hugely significant. She told Newsweek that the biggest key to tell someone’s age by their tree is "how committed they are to ‘stuff’ they’ve collected over time." Is their tree filled with sentimental baubles and handmade decorations? She said: "Not having social media to tell them what the latest trend is, you’ll usually see tinsel, maybe a wooden toy soldier missing an arm, or a Santa who once had a glued-on beard and now just has the sticky remnants where it used to be. It’s nostalgic, and a little chaotic in the most charming way." It’s All About the Themes While boomers tend not to go for any discernible themes, Generation X (born between 1965 to 1980) adopted their very own style. Inflatable Extravaganza If you remember going past houses with a huge inflatable Santa Claus and Snowman outside, (and maybe even a Rudolph perched on the roof for good measure), you probably grew up in the 1990s. Next year it’s maximalist tartan Ralph Lauren vibes because TikTok said so." She continued: "Then there’s those who want their tree to basically say ‘I don’t care.’ Their tree feels like it's a collection of whatever fell into their laps. Hand me downs, bits from the thrift store or something funky they found at the dollar store that made them laugh." While Boomers and Gen X may hold onto decorations for years, Gen Z aren’t as tied to their ornaments.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/ncaa/patrick-mahomes-sends-message-to-texas-tech-after-big-12-championship-win-11168721
Article: Texas Tech had already beaten BYU earlier in the year—a game ESPN’s "College GameDay" attended in Lubbock, where the celebrity guest picker was none other than Kansas City Chiefs star and Red Raiders alum Patrick Mahomes. Mahomes has remained a huge supporter of Texas Tech athletics since becoming a first-round pick, and in the final moments of Saturday’s title game, he sent a strong message to the Red Raiders.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/man-charged-in-light-rail-stabbing-reignites-immigration-fury-in-charlotte-11168690
Article: His arrest has sparked online outrage over his immigration status, including from President Donald Trump, who said in a Truth Social post Solarzano is an "illegal migrant." A Mecklenburg District Court document obtained by Newsweek states that Solarzano is in the country illegally and has been previously deported. In a Saturday update, the police identified Solarzano as the suspect, reporting that he was quickly apprehended by officers and is in custody of the Mecklenburg County Sheriff’s Office (MCSO). In court documents obtained by Newsweek, a Mecklenburg District Court judicial official marked a box stating they were "unable to determine the defendant is a citizen or legal resident of the United States." In a second box, the judicial official wrote, "The defendant is an illegal and has been deported previously. President DJT” Michael Whatley, former RNC Chair and Republican North Carolina Senate candidate, said in a lengthy X post on Saturday: “A person was viciously stabbed on the Charlotte light rail last night and seriously injured. While Governor, he BLOCKED legislation which would have forced sheriffs to work with ICE - leaving North Carolinians vulnerable.” Representative Mark Harris, a North Carolina Republican, said in an X post Saturday: “Meet the illegal alien charged with stabbing someone on a Charlotte Light Rail last night. Oscar Solarzano was previously deported and then illegally entered our country AGAIN.” What Happens Next Any witnesses or anyone with any information on the stabbing are asked to call Charlotte Crime Stoppers at 704-334-1600.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c246znlmnyzo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Iceland boss Richard Walker to become Labour peer, sources say Richard Walker (left) quit the Conservative Party to throw his support behind Sir Keir Starmer (right) He assumed control of the frozen food retailer from his father, who founded the chain, in 2023. Mr Walker was among a long list of Conservative candidates to stand to be an MP, having been selected to be a member of the then-Tory government's business council in 2022. However, 18 months later, he said he could no longer support the party, telling the BBC at the time it was "out of touch" and criticising it for its handling of the economy and climate change. In February this year, he gave the new government a score of "six out of 10" in comments to the Financial Times, taking issue with it raising employer national insurance contributions but praising its attempts to improve relations with the EU.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/protesters-arrested-after-smearing-custard-crumble-crown-jewels-128168875
Article: Four protesters have been arrested after splattering food on the case of a diamond-encrusted crown at the Tower of London Protesters arrested after smearing custard and crumble on Crown Jewels case at Tower of London CORRECTED THE NAME OF THE CROWN - FILE - King Charles III wearing the Imperial State Crown attends the State Opening of Parliament in the House of Lords, London, Wednesday, July 17, 2024. (AP Photo/Kirsty Wigglesworth, Pool File) CORRECTED THE NAME OF THE CROWN - FILE - King Charles III wearing the Imperial State Crown attends the State Opening of Parliament in the House of Lords, London, Wednesday, July 17, 2024. The Crown Jewels display was temporarily closed after members of a group called Take Back Power smeared apple crumble and poured yellow custard — two staples on British dessert menus — on the case containing the Imperial State Crown worn by King Charles III as he left his coronation ceremony in 2023 and during his speech to open Parliament in 2024. The civil disobedience group that advocates for a permanent citizens' assembly and wants to tax extreme wealth said two of its members had thrown the food and two others were also arrested and taken into “custard-y.” The stunt is one of many that has targeted prized treasures and artworks to draw attention to a political cause. Video of the act at the Tower of London, once a royal palace also known as the prison where Anne Boleyn, Thomas More and others were executed, showed two protesters attacking the case as other visitors stepped back in shock.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nfl/nfl-makes-punishment-decision-on-dak-prescott-chiefs-incident-11168833
Article: On Thanksgiving Day, the Dallas Cowboys earned their turkey with a 31-28 victory over the Kansas City Chiefs in a must-win for Dak Prescott and company as they tried to keep pace in a crowded NFC race. After throwing for 320 yards with two touchdowns and an interception, Prescott opened up on facing an elite quarterback in Patrick Mahomes and a Super Bowl-winning roster in the Chiefs. You watch that game right there and we got the ball at the end of the game and I knew we couldn't give it back to him," the Cowboys quarterback said. More College Football: Lane Kiffin’s Immediate Ole Miss Replacement Revealed "You know how great he is and it's on his resume and we've all seen it before and you just saw the drive before that their last drive, right, of the Mahomes magic. On Saturday, when the NFL announced its list of fines from the Week 13 showdowns, Prescott wasn't vindicated as the league didn't see enough in the hit to fine Gillotte for his actions during the game.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/crime/police-responding-to-shooting-at-hulen-mall-fort-worth/287-23751a1a-9cb2-44e0-b056-aa5dfaea6f25
Article: Example video title will go here for this video Next up in 5 Example video title will go here for this video Next up in 5 To stream WFAA on your phone, you need the WFAA app.

Link: https://abc7.com/post/magnitude-70-earthquake-hits-remote-wilderness-alaska-canada-border/18258460/
Article: Magnitude-7.0 earthquake hits remote wilderness along Alaska-Canada border JUNEAU, Alaska -- A powerful, magnitude-7.0 earthquake struck in a remote area near the border between Alaska and the Canadian territory of Yukon on Saturday.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c3e0nlplyy3o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: King and Queen reveal this year's Christmas card 10 minutes ago Share Save Noor Nanji Culture reporter Share Save Chris Jackson/Getty Images/PA King Charles and Queen Camilla have chosen a photograph of themselves taken in Rome for their official Christmas card.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cqlke33rzplo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Ministers eye construction and hospitality to find young people jobs 11 minutes ago Share Save Kathryn Armstrong Share Save Getty Images Young people on benefits will be offered job opportunities in industries such as construction and hospitality in a bid to tackle rising youth unemployment. Funding will come from the £820m announced by Chancellor Rachel Reeves in the Budget last month to finance a raft of measures aimed at getting young people off Universal Credit and into work. The number of 16-24-year-olds not in employment, education or training - known as Neets - has been trending upwards since 2021, with the latest figures showing nearly a million young people are now not earning or learning. The government had already announced in September that it intended to provide guaranteed work placements for 18-21-year-olds who had been out of work or education for longer than 18 months, with those not taking up the offer without good reason facing losing their benefits. The new training and work experience opportunities for young people on Universal Credit will be in sectors including construction, hospitality, and health and social care, the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) announced on Saturday. It said that the government-backed jobs will not necessarily be in the same sectors, but that they would be in the following regions: Birmingham and Solihull the East Midlands Greater Manchester Hertfordshire and Essex Central and eastern Scotland South-west and south-eastern Wales The government says that 900,000 young people in total who are on Universal Credit and are looking for work will be given a "dedicated work support session", followed by four additional weeks of "intensive support". But shadow work and pensions secretary Helen Whately criticised other measures announced in the Budget, saying: "The Chancellor's tax hikes are driving up youth unemployment, snatching a career from a generation of young people." She added: "This scheme is nothing more than taking with one hand to give with the other." Further plans are expected to be set out in the coming week as the government prepares to publish its national youth strategy.

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/12/06/g-s1-101090/national-parks-fee-free-calendar-mlk-juneteenth
Article: Day and Juneteenth from next year's calendar of entrance fee-free days for national parks and added President Trump's birthday to the list, according to the National Park Service, as the administration continues to push back against a reckoning of the country's racist history on federal lands. In addition to Trump's birthday — which coincides with Flag Day (June 14) — the updated calendar of fee-free dates includes the 110th anniversary of the NPS (August 25), Constitution Day (September 17) and President Teddy Roosevelt's birthday (October 27). At 11 of some of the country's most popular national parks, international visitors will be charged an extra $100, on top of the standard entrance fee, and the annual pass for non-residents will go up to $250. The move follows a July executive order from the White House that called to increase fees applied to non-American visitors to national parks and grant citizens and residents "preferential treatment with respect to any remaining recreational access rules, including permitting or lottery rules." The Department of the Interior, which oversees NPS, called the new fee-exempted dates "patriotic fee-free days," in an announcement that lauded the changes as "Trump's commitment to making national parks more accessible, more affordable and more efficient for the American people." The Interior Department did not immediately respond to NPR's request for comment. taxpayers, who already support the National Park System, continue to enjoy affordable access, while international visitors contribute their fair share to maintaining and improving our parks for future generations." Sponsor Message The new calendar follows the Trump administration's previous moves to reshape U.S.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/sports/college-football/indiana-college-football-ohio-state-big-ten-championship-rcna246642
Article: “Hell no,” Mark Cuban, the billionaire multihyphenate and 1981 graduate of Indiana’s business school, told NBC News via email if he ever thought the Hoosiers would be on the same level as a blue blood like Ohio State. “I thought I would be dunking with my feet before that would happen.” Galen Clavio, a 2001 IU grad who is currently an associate dean at the school, took it a step further: “It feels like someone beamed somebody else’s team down to planet Earth and now they’re wearing Indiana uniforms.” Clavio, who also hosts “CrimsonCast,” a podcast about Hoosier sports, added: “I know that sounds hyperbolic, but it really is hard to get your head wrapped around as someone like me who’s been following that program for so long.” Indiana has had spurts of competence before, though the school has not won a bowl game since 1991. The football team now has its own mythmaking figure in charge (and without any off-field baggage): Curt Cignetti, who in two seasons since joining the school from James Madison has led Indiana to a 23-2 record and all but clinched back-to-back CFP appearances. “Google me.” And that’s what Cignetti did, leading the school to an 11-2 record and to 10th in the final rankings in his first year at the helm, IU’s best finish in the final poll since 1967. “He has the yinzer accent, the hard-work pedigree, and the gumption to say what he will do and back it up.” Said Clavio: “Cignetti, his staff and the players that they bring in, there’s a professionalism and a focus and a discipline about them that looks like what you see at top football programs. It’s not dependent on one good player or one good recruiting class.” The emergence of the football team as a legitimate contender has created a massive spike in fan interest. Clavio, who was also an IU sports fan growing up, said in his 30 years attending football games, he’s never seen the student section full before the start of every game as he has this season. “We’ve noticed, in terms of the comments that we’re getting on stories, there’s a lot of people engaged and just excited in general about following the team.” The excitement spreads from Bloomington to as far as California. He used to ask the school’s designated bar, State Social House (which is mainly a Texas Longhorns hangout), for a couple tables for football watch-alongs, trying to entice alums to attend with mimosa breakfasts. Last year, Rappaport noticed excitement grow as the season went along, with crowds increasing from 20 people to 50 to, finally, by the time Indiana and Ohio State faced off in an undefeated matchup last November, close to 150. “We have all these points of getting out of the old IU fan mindset, where we’re thinking, ‘We’re gonna blow it,’ to thinking, ‘Cig is our coach, this is different, we expect to win pretty much every game.’” While Saturday’s game may not be the highest-stakes one of Cignetti’s brief tenure — that would be the first-round defeat to Notre Dame in last year’s playoff — it is still incredibly important to the school. “It’s going to be a special, special moment for a lot of IU fans who have waited a long time to see something like this.” When asked what it would mean for the Hoosiers to play in the national championship game, Clavio said it’s not something he could even fully comprehend.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/show/news-wrap-arab-leaders-push-for-israel-hamas-ceasefire-to-enter-second-phase
Article: In our news wrap Saturday, Arab leaders gathering in Qatar said it’s time to move forward on the second phase of the Gaza ceasefire, newly released 911 calls shed light on the desperation felt during July’s flash floods in Texas, the family of a National Guard member shot near the White House said they’re optimistic about his recovery, and the countdown to the Winter Olympics in Italy has begun.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/06/senior-us-diplomat-calls-eu-policies-bad-for-trans-atlantic-partnership-.html
Article: Landau posted on X that the EU's differences with the Trump administration on many issues undermine the idea of a partnership with the United States despite the North Atlantic Treaty Organization. Rubio and Carr said the fine demonstrated bias against U.S.-based technology firms, with Rubio calling it an attack on the American people by foreign governments and an act of censorship against Americans online. Adding to the furor, billionaire entrepreneur Musk, once a close ally of President Donald Trump before a public falling out, in a Friday post on the platform called for the EU to be abolished. The tensions are surfacing as the Trump administration signals dramatic shifts in U.S.-Europe relations within the North Atlantic Treaty Organization as it seeks to maintain unity amid broader geopolitical challenges. While the Trump administration has pushed for increased European defense spending, its approach has been marked by mixed signals toward NATO, ranging from criticism of burden sharing to rare moments of praise for allied initiatives.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/6/germanys-merz-makes-first-visit-to-israel-as-chancellor-amid-strained-ties?traffic_source=rss
Article: German Chancellor Friedrich Merz has arrived in Israel for his first visit since taking office in May, aiming to reaffirm the traditionally strong ties between the two countries, which have been shaken over the course of Israel’s more than two-year genocidal war on Palestinians in Gaza. After a brief stop in Jordan, Merz landed just before 8pm local time (18:00 GMT) on Saturday at Tel Aviv’s Ben Gurion airport, where he was met by Israeli Foreign Minister Gideon Saar, who called him “a friend of Israel” and said Germany was “an important partner”. A spokesperson said Merz underscored German support for a two-state solution, but urged Abbas to push through “urgently necessary reforms” of the PA in order to play a “constructive role” in the post-war order. “Going there now and legitimising him is a fatal sign of normalisation in a situation that must not be normalised.” Despite the close ties between the countries, German officials have said there are currently no plans to invite Netanyahu, who faces an international arrest warrant for war crimes in Gaza from the International Criminal Court (ICC), to Berlin.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/ncaa/acc-sends-message-to-cfp-committee-amid-miami-notre-dame-controversy-11168962
Article: More Football: Chiefs Star Hit With Massive NFL Fine After Incident vs Cowboys Notre Dame opened up its 2025 season with back-to-back losses against Miami and the Texas A&M Aggies, who are both under playoff consideration. More Football: Nick Saban Reveals How He Guided a ‘Very Confused’ Lane Kiffin Despite Notre Dame's recent success, Miami head coach Mario Cristobal believes the Hurricane's head-to-head win over the Fighting Irish should be the No.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/entertainment/tv/tracker-season-3-episode-8-release-date-11167002
Article: The official summary for Episode 8, "Eurydice", reads: “When a grieving mother becomes the prime suspect in her missing daughter's murder, Colter sets out to find the true culprit and prove her innocence.” ... ‘Tracker’ Season 3 Episode 8 Release Date "Tracker" Season 3 Episode 8, "Eurydice,” airs Saturday, 7th December 2025 ‘Tracker’ Season 3 Episode 8 Release Time Here's when "Tracker" Season 3 Episode 8 releases in your time zone: Eastern Time (ET): Sunday, 8:00 p.m. Episode 1 — "The Process" — Sunday, 20th Oct 2025 Episode 2 — "Leverage" — Sunday, 27th Oct 2025 Episode 3 — "First Fire" — Sunday, 3rd Nov 2025 Episode 4 — "No Man’s Land" — Sunday, 10th Nov 2025 Episode 5 — "The Old Ways" — Sunday, 17th Nov 2025 Episode 6 — "Angel" — Sunday, 24th Nov 2025 Episode 7 — "Eat the Rich" — Sunday, 1st Dec 2025 Episode 8 — "Eurydice" — Sunday, 8th Dec 2025 Episode 9 — "Good Trouble" — Sunday, 15th Dec 2025 ‘Tracker’ Season 3 Cast The main cast of Tracker Season 3 features Justin Hartley as Colter Shaw, alongside Prestyn Bates, Robin Weigert, Abby McEnany, Eric Graise, Fiona Rene, Jensen Ackles, Mathew Nelson-Mahood, Brent Sexton, Floriana Lima, Chris Lee, Pej Vahdat, and Cassady McClincy Zhang.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/betting/ohio-state-vs-indiana-betting-promos-top-apps-offers-for-big-ten-championship-11167289
Article: DraftKings Promo Code: Bet $5, Get $200 Bonus Sign up with the DraftKings promo code offer and bet $5 on Indiana-Ohio State to get a chance at $200 in bonus bets. Bet365 Bonus Code WEEK365: $150 Bonus Or $1K Safety Choose between a $150 guaranteed bonus and a $1,000 safety net when you set up a new account with the bet365 bonus code offer. Bet $5 on tonight's game to get your bonus bets, or wager up to $1,000 with the safety net offer knowing you will get a bonus refund if your bet loses. ESPN BET (Now theScore Bet) Promo Code NEWSWEEK: $100 Betting Bonus ESPN BET is now theScore Bet, but you can still get the $100 in bonus bets from the welcome offer.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/how-to-watch-ufc-323-prelims-live-stream-dvalishvili-vs-yan-2-tv-channel-11165414
Article: 6, 2025 Time: 6:00 PM EDT Channel: ESPN2 ( try for free ; ESPN PPV - Main Card ( watch now ) Stream: Fubo - Prelims; ESPN PPV - Main Card ( Merab Dvalishvili returns to action at UFC 323 as he looks to extend his 14-win streak against Petr Yan and keep his clutches on the bantamweight title. Chief among those is a climactic clash between Grant Dawson (23-2-1) and Manuel Torres (16-3), with the former out to climb from his current position of 13th in the rankings. Dawson has won three in a row coming to Nevada, though ‘El Loco’ is on a high after a first-round TKO of Drew Dober back in March, which forced his place up the pecking order. Both fighters have won twice already in 2025, and ‘The Problem’ can stamp some authority on the division after a Fight of the Night performance in his August win over Mateusz Rebecki. That’s not to forget the only women’s fight of the evening as flyweights Maycee Barber and Karine Silva face off, with the former hoping to extend a six-win streak after more than 18 months out following serious health problems. UFC 323 Prelims Grant Dawson vs Manuel Torres (Lightweight) Terrance McKinney vs Chris Duncan (Lightweight) Maycee Barber vs Karine Silva (Flyweight) Nazim Sadykhov vs Fares Ziam (Lightweight) Live stream UFC 323 Prelims on ESPN2 with Fubo: Start your free trial now! Fubo carries a wide array of sports and entertainment channels, including local sports packages and top national channels like ABC, FOX, CBS, ESPN, FS1, MTV, Comedy Central, and much more.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nfl/nfl-announces-punishment-for-buccaneers-qb-baker-mayfield-11168834
Article: The Tampa Bay Buccaneers (7-5) have had a rough season, but last week they snapped a three-game losing streak with a 20-17 victory over the Arizona Cardinals, boosted by the return of star running back Bucky Irving. On Saturday, less than 24 hours before Tampa Bay faces the New Orleans Saints, the NFL announced its weekly fines, and Mayfield was hit with a $14,191 fine for unsportsmanlike conduct after making a "violent gesture" at the 4:01 mark of the third quarter against the Cardinals. More news: Jared Goff Incident Could Lead to Big NFL Fine for Cowboys Pass-Rusher More news: Steelers HC Mike Tomlin Could Make Surprising Career Change The celebration involved Irving, as the two performed the popular “nose swipe” celebration. This is Mayfield's first fine of the season, but was monitored closely earlier in the season for comments he made about the officials after a Monday night showdown against the Detroit Lions.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/alaska-rocked-by-magnitude-7-earthquake-what-to-know-11168954
Article: The quake came during a cluster of seismic activity that saw over a dozen other earthquakes reported over a 24-hour period in the region on the border of Alaska and Canada's Yukon Territory, the USGS map shows. What To Know The USGS reported that the quake’s epicenter was located about 56 miles from Yakutat, a community with a population of around 660 people, and roughly 230 miles northwest of Juneau. state due to its position along the seismically active Pacific "Ring of Fire." According to NASA’s Earth Observatory, Alaska is struck by frequent seismic events because of interactions between the Pacific Plate and the North American Plate. Historically, the state has been the site of some of the world’s most powerful earthquakes, including the 1964 Great Alaska Earthquake, which measured a magnitude 9.2—making it the second largest earthquake ever recorded globally. There are no reports of damage or injury.” Alison Bird, a seismologist with Natural Resources Canada, told the Associated Press Saturday: “Mostly people have reported things falling off shelves and walls,” Bird said. “It doesn’t seem like we’ve seen anything in terms of structural damage.” What Happens Next Officials and scientists will continue to monitor the area for aftershocks, which are common after earthquakes of this magnitude.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nfl/chiefs-star-hit-with-massive-nfl-fine-after-incident-vs-cowboys-11168837
Article: The 26-year-old ball-carrier lowered his helmet and delivered a hit on Cowboys cornerback DaRon Bland as he went out of bounds before the line to gain on a 3rd-and-16 play. On Saturday afternoon, the NFL announced a $46,371 fine for Pacheco for "impermissible use of the helmet." More Football: Severe Weather Threatens Crucial Week 14 NFL Matchup The first-offense fine is $23,186, which elevates to $46,371 upon a second offense. Kansas City's former starting running back had just thee carries for 16 yards in the Thanksgiving Day loss, ceding the vast majority of RB touches to veteran ball carrier Kareem Hunt. More Football: Kevin Durant Makes Bold Declaration About Chiefs QB Patrick Mahomes The Chiefs dropped their sixth loss of the 2025 season despite a masterful performance from Mahomes, who finished the game with 261 yards, four touchdowns and zero interceptions on 23 of 34 passing. The Chiefs, who essentially need to win out to earn a playoff berth, will look to get their 2025 season back on track in a Week 14 matchup against the Houston Texans on Sunday night.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/how-to-watch-illinois-vs-tennessee-live-stream-ncaa-college-basketball-tv-channel-11165831
Article: How to Watch Illinois vs Tennessee When: Saturday, December 6, 2025 Time: 8:00 PM ET TV Channel: ESPN try for free ) Live Stream: Fubo ( Vanderbilt transfer Jaylen Carey missed a potential go-ahead jumper as Tennessee lost 62-60 in an ACC/SEC Challenge matchup at Syracuse on Tuesday night. Carey came off the bench for 22 points and nine rebounds while freshman Nate Ament scored 11 points and Maryland transfer Ja’Kobi Gillespie finished with 10 points and seven assists. The Fighting Illini got down by double digits in the first half and trailed by as much as 21 after intermission, getting no closer than seven the rest of the way. Tennessee’s 30-8 campaign last season ended with a loss to Houston in the Elite Eight, while Illinois lost to Kentucky in the second round of the NCAA tournament to conclude a 22-13 season.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/politics/watch-hegseth-delivers-keynote-address-at-reagan-national-defense-forum
Article: WASHINGTON (AP) — Defense Secretary Pete Hegseth defended strikes on alleged drug cartel boats during remarks Saturday at the Ronald Reagan Presidential Library, saying President Donald Trump has the power to take military action “as he sees fit” to defend the nation. READ MORE: Pete Hegseth faces deepening scrutiny from Congress over Caribbean boat strikes “If you’re working for a designated terrorist organization and you bring drugs to this country in a boat, we will find you and we will sink you. Hegseth’s remarks came after the Trump administration released its new national security strategy, one that paints European allies as weak and aims to reassert America’s dominance in the Western Hemisphere. The speech was delivered at the Reagan National Defense Forum at the Ronald Reagan Presidential Foundation and Institute in California, an event which brings together top national security experts from around the country.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/6/ukraine-peace-talks-stall-as-russia-unleashes-huge-waves-of-attacks?traffic_source=rss
Article: Negotiations fail to yield progress, while Moscow launches over 700 drones and missiles across Ukrainian territory Click here to share on social media Three days of negotiations between Ukrainian and United States officials have ended without a breakthrough, as Russia launched one of its largest aerial assaults of the war on Ukrainian cities and infrastructure. The talks in Florida concluded on Saturday, with Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy describing a phone call with US envoys Steve Witkoff and Jared Kushner as “substantive”, though both sides acknowledged that meaningful progress hinged entirely on Moscow’s willingness to pursue genuine peace. The facility, which has been under Russian occupation since early in Moscow’s invasion, requires continuous electricity to cool its six shutdown reactors and prevent catastrophic failure, according to the International Atomic Energy Agency. Adding another layer of complexity, the International Criminal Court’s deputy prosecutor said on Friday that the arrest warrant for Putin over alleged war crimes in Ukraine cannot be halted by peace negotiations. The warrant could only be temporarily deferred by United Nations Security Council action, prosecutor Nazhat Shameem Khan told reporters, emphasising that “there must be the possibility of accountability in order for peace to be enduring”.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/news/us-news/camp-mystic-911-calls-texas-floods-rcna247687
Article: As catastrophic flooding inundated parts of Texas Hill Country on July 4, dispatchers received multiple frantic 911 calls from Camp Mystic, a Christian sleepaway camp for girls, describing children gone missing and pleading for helicopters to rescue them. Twenty-eight people at Camp Mystic — 25 campers, the camp’s owner and director, and two counselors — died in the floods as the Guadalupe River, which skirts the campground, rose quickly amid heavy rainfall. These are some of nearly 600 calls released this week by the Kerrville Police Department from the catastrophic July 4 flash flooding that killed more than 130 people and devastated Kerr County.

Link: https://abc13.com/post/week-texas-houston-city-hall-runoff-congressional-changes/18258461/
Article: This Week in Texas: Houston City Hall runoff, Congressional changes In This Week in Texas, ABC13 takes a look at another member of Congress from Southeast Texas calling it quits on Capitol Hill. This episode features a report from Nick Natario about Troy Nehls stepping down after his current term and conversations with ABC News Deputy Political Director Ben Siegel and our panel of political insiders, Court Koenning and Angel Carroll. Eyewitness News also sat down with Congressman Michael McCaul to talk about childhood cancer legislation, and spoke with both candidates in the special election runoff for Houston City Council At Large Position 4.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/crk7xgzj8y8o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Australia is about to, but some teens are a step ahead 5 hours ago Share Save Tiffanie Turnbull Sydney Share Save BBC/Jessica Hromas Isobel is convinced the social media ban won't stop kids like her It took 13-year-old Isobel less than five minutes to outsmart Australia's "world-leading" social media ban for children. A notification from Snapchat, one of the ten platforms affected, had lit up her screen, warning she'd be booted off when the law kicked in this week – if she couldn't prove she was over 16. "I texted her," she gestures to her mum Mel, "and I was like, 'Hey Mummy, I got past the social media ban' and she was just like, 'Oh, you monkey'." It made her laugh, Mel explains: "This is exactly what I thought was going to happen." Though she had let Isobel use TikTok and Snapchat with tight supervision – preferring that to the teenager using it covertly – she had been hoping the ban, as promised, would help parents like her protect their children from the dangers of the online world. 'Parents are worried sick about the safety of kids online' You'd struggle to find anyone in Australia who feels social media companies are doing enough to shield users – particularly children – from harm on their platforms. "They've had ample opportunity to show they take children's wellbeing seriously and they've failed at every turn." Detailing how bullying – inescapable due to social media – had culminated in her 15-year-old daughter's suicide, Emma Mason asked world leaders at the UN last month: "How many more Tillys must die?" The pair were among the parents and public figures who lent their voices to a headline-grabbing national campaign calling for a new minimum age for social media. It'd be up to the platforms to take "reasonable steps" to ensure account-holders were at least 16 years old, or face fines of up to $49.5m (US$33m, £25m) for the most serious breaches. For example, the accuracy of face scans – already rolled out by Meta and Snapchat for suspected underage users – falters for people two to three years either side of 16; the intended target. "When you go to a bottle shop and they look you up and down and go, 'Mmm not really sure', they ask you for some ID… It's the same principle," says Tony Allen, who heads the UK-based Age Check Certification Scheme and ran the trial. Getty Images A facial scan is one of the age check methods offered Tips have flooded social media: everything from signing up with a parent's email and moving to platforms not explicitly named on the government's hit list, to using VPNs, which can disguise a user's location. Polling conducted for the government in May indicated a third of parents intended to help their kids circumvent the ban, and an experiment by the University of Melbourne showed that a $22 Halloween mask was enough to defeat facial assessment technology in some cases. The BBC asked Snapchat about this, and a spokesperson said the firm had consistently expressed concern about the "technical challenges" of enforcing the ban: "This is one such challenge." "It's a constant running battle to ensure that the mitigations are improving, literally on a daily basis," added Luc Delany, an executive for K-ID, which performs age assessments on Snapchat's behalf. "It's like getting your kids to do something like load the dishwasher - they'll do it, but they won't do it well, and they won't do it with a smile on their face." The fines offer little incentive to behave, he says. Children can also still browse on several of the apps, like TikTok and YouTube, without accounts, a potentially riskier minefield of unfiltered content and advertisements - several platforms currently limit these on minors' accounts. "This law will not fulfil its promise to make kids safer online, and will, in fact, make Australian kids less safe on YouTube," a spokesperson for the company said this week. "We've heard very little officially about what is being done to address the unmet needs of these more vulnerable children who for positive reasons have sought help or a sense of belonging and connection online," former children's commissioner Anne Hollonds tells the BBC. Her term finished just a few weeks ago, but Ms Hollonds has spent years lobbying the government on greater online guard-rails for kids and was surprised, frustrated even, to learn this "blunt" tool was the one they've chosen.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/football/articles/c1lrev8ndp3o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Salah stopped short of saying "it's him or me", but the 33-year-old's claim that their relationship has "broken down" is a clear challenge to Slot's authority from one of Liverpool's most iconic figures. 'The Egyptian king', as he is known by Liverpool supporters, did not roll the credits under a glittering career, but it hard to see how head coach and player can be reconciled after such personal and public criticism from Salah. I think it is very clear that someone wanted me to get all of the blame." Salah did not specify who he meant, but he made it crystal clear he no longer has any relationship with Slot. And, to make matters worse for Slot and Liverpool, it came after Salah had spent a third successive Premier League game sitting on the bench, this time watching them concede a last-gasp equaliser to draw 3-3 at Leeds United after at one point leading 2-0.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/health/fact-checking-the-cdc-panels-reasons-for-dropping-universal-newborn-hepatitis-b-vaccine-recommendation
Article: For babies who do not receive a birth dose, the committee suggested the initial vaccine dose be given “no earlier than 2 months of age.” WATCH: RFK-appointed CDC panel drops hepatitis B vaccine at birth recommendation The committee is composed of members hand-picked by Health and Human Services Secretary Robert F. 4 and 5 discussion leading up to the vote: Many people are unaware they have hepatitis B Several ACIP committee members and health administrators questioned the need for vaccination among certain children who they described as “low-risk” for hepatitis B exposure. Vaccinations are to protect babies, who are most vulnerable to hepatitis B Some ACIP members said that vaccinating all babies against hepatitis B at birth mainly protected other, higher risk people. is not an outlier Committee members repeatedly compared the United States’ guidance with other countries, including Denmark, as part of the rationale for walking back the universal recommendation to provide a hepatitis B vaccine dose at birth. In September 2025, the CDC reported that “of the 194 WHO member states, 116 countries recommend universal hepatitis B birth dose vaccination to all newborns.” Denmark’s standard vaccination schedule includes vaccines protecting against 10 diseases, but hepatitis B is not one of them.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/politics/national-security/admiral-told-lawmakers-everyone-alleged-drug-boat-was-list-military-ta-rcna247767
Article: intelligence officials had confirmed the identities of the 11 people on the boat and validated them as legitimate targets, then the military launched airstrikes as part of President Donald Trump’s military campaign against alleged drug-smuggling vessels, the U.S. “As with all such actions, a uniformed JAG provided advice and counsel every step of the way,” the official said in a written statement, adding that the boat was targeted because it was “carrying cocaine” and was “affiliated with a cartel designated by the president as a terrorist organization.” “The cumulative impact of these narcoterrorist shipments directly threaten Americans and the national security interests of the United States,” the official said. Bradley told lawmakers that the orders he received from Hegseth were to kill the individuals on the approved target list, which included everyone on the boat, then destroy the drugs and sink the boat, those sources said. White House press secretary Karoline Leavitt told reporters on Monday that “Secretary Hegseth authorized Admiral Bradley to conduct these kinetic strikes.” She added Bradley “worked well within his authority and the law directing the engagement to ensure the boat was destroyed and the threat to the United States of America was eliminated.” Bradley told lawmakers the second strike killed the two survivors, but did not sink the boat, so he ordered a third and a fourth strike to complete the mission, the officials and person familiar with the congressional briefings said. 2 but “did not personally see survivors.” During a Cabinet meeting at the White House this past week, he defended the second strike, saying Bradley “made the right call.” “This is called the fog of war,” Hegseth said. During Bradley’s joint briefing Thursday with the House and Senate Armed Services Committee leadership, he was pressed about whether Hegseth gave an order to kill everybody on board, according to one of the U.S. Bradley, referencing the approved list of targets, said Hegseth told him to kill everyone on board and to destroy the vessel, the official and person familiar with the briefing said. In another briefing, Bradley was asked whether Hegseth gave him a ‘no quarter order,’ which is an illegal military directive to kill all enemy combatants and show no mercy, even if they surrender or are gravely injured, one of the U.S. The three sources said Bradley said the military struck the boat with a GBU-69, a precision-guided munition that was set to air burst, meaning it detonated in mid-air rather than on impact. Because the bags of cocaine were not seen floating in the water, Bradley said he believed they were strapped in and had stayed tied down during the explosion, making it likely the drugs were still under the capsized boat. military aircraft overhead spotted the survivors waving their arms but could not say with certainty whether they were signaling to the aircraft, Bradley told lawmakers, according to the three sources.

Link: https://www.latimes.com/california/story/2025-12-06/man-holding-toddler-is-shot-dead-by-sheriffs-deputies-in-paramount
Article: The 8000 block of Alhambra Avenue, where the Los Angeles County Sheriff’s Department said they encountered a man with a gun in one hand and a toddler in the other Thursday.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nfl/weather-warning-issued-before-chiefs-texans-game-11168300
Article: The 2025 NFL season hasn't exactly gone as planned for the Kansas City Chiefs, who sit on the outside of the AFC playoff race looking in after a 6-6 start. That's how you have to approach it, and you have to be ready for it." As the Chiefs attempt to keep pace in the AFC a huge showdown against the surging Houston Texans looms. More College Football: Lane Kiffin’s Daughter Has Message for ‘Angry’ Ole Miss Fans The Texans are riding a four-game winning streak into Arrowhead, but will have to contend with more than just the Chiefs on Sunday night. "This one has a playoff feel, as the Texans are hot, but still trailing two other teams in their division while the Chiefs are strangely 6-6 and fighting to stay in the wild card hunt," the Weather Channel said.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/how-to-watch-ohio-state-vs-indiana-live-stream-big-ten-championship-game-tv-channel-11165330
Article: The reigning national champion is looking to join Georgia as the only other team in the College Football Playoff era to have won consecutive titles, though even defeat in Indianapolis wouldn’t necessarily end that dream. Both teams remain unbeaten this season, and Curt Cignetti’s sophomore season in charge of Indiana has all the hallmarks to go down as a historic season, both for his school and NCAA football as a whole. However, key to both their prospects is the form of quarterback and Heisman contender Julian Sayin, whom the Hoosiers will need to disrupt, and the status quo in this rivalry is to be dismantled.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/italy-kicks-off-torch-relay-for-2026-winter-olympics-11169032
Article: The Italy Olympic torch relay for the 2026 Winter Games began Saturday in Rome, setting the flame on a cross-country journey through Italy two months before the Milan Cortina Olympics start. Giancarlo Peris, a runner who in was the final torchbearer for the Rome Olympic Games in 1960, handed the lantern with the Olympic Flame to President of Fondazione Milano Cortina 2026, Giovanni Malagò, to light the cauldron. The torch relay will traverse nearly 7,500 miles, passing through all 110 provinces of Italy, and all of Italy's 61 UNESCO World Heritage sites before ending up in Milan ahead of the Games which are set to commence on February 6. The relay will involve over 10,000 torch bearers, the Associated Press reported, with the Olympics noting 164 on the first day, not all of whom are former or current Olympians, with some actors and humanitarians also featured. Italy has asked that the truce be renewed and we hope that it is possible...We hope that the two months that separate us from the beginning of the Games can bring an easing of tensions and dialogue, and stop attacks and barbarity." Milano Cortina 2026 President Giovanni Malagò said on Saturday per the AP: “It's like a giant two-month advertisement." The International Olympic Committee wrote in an X post on Saturday: "With two months to go until @milanocortina26, the Olympic Torch Relay has begun in Italy! Over the next 63 days, the Olympic flame will travel some 12,000 km through every region of Italy – uniting communities on the road to #MilanoCortina2026" International Olympic Committee president Kirsty Coventry said on Friday: "The Olympic Games exists to bring people together, to break down the walls that divide us, and to inspire the dreams and hopes of the next generation." What Happens Next The torch will be in Naples for Christmas and will pay a visit to former Olympic host Turin in early January.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nfl/nfl-rules-on-seahawks-discipline-for-hit-on-vikings-wr-justin-jefferson-11168933
Article: We need to focus, execute, all the things that we had been saying the whole season.” Read more: Justin Jefferson’s Rare Behavior After Vikings Loss Raises Concerns As the Seahawks advanced to 9-3 on the season, the Vikings are toiling at 4-8 and still searching for the answer to elevating quarterback J.J.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/ncaa/nebraska-coach-firing-hints-at-major-shift-in-dylan-raiolas-transfer-plans-11168955
Article: The team finished 7-5 and lost three of its last four games, and star quarterback Dylan Raiola — a former five-star signal-caller — missed the final three games of the year with a broken right fibula injury he suffered against USC. More News: Kirk Herbstreit Sends Stern Warning to Notre Dame Ahead of Final CFP Rankings And while most would take solace in the fact that Raiola will be back at full strength next season — head coach Matt Rhule’s fourth with the program — there’s been concern that Raiola will enter the NCAA transfer portal and be playing elsewhere in 2026. While the second-year passer hasn’t made a final decision on his playing future, the personnel move the Cornhuskers made this weekend likely hinted at what’s to come regarding the 6-foot-3 sophomore. More News: NFL Makes Final Decision on Punishment for Bills QB Josh Allen Nebraska fired offensive line coach Donovan Raiola, the uncle of the star QB, on Saturday, according to a report from On3. "We thank Donovan for his contributions to Nebraska Football over the past four years and wish him the best moving forward.” In two seasons, Raiola is 13-9 as the Huskers’ starter, including 6-3 this season.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/mma/ufc-323-opens-with-devastating-one-punch-knockout-11169054
Article: More News: UFC 323’s Alexandre Pantoja Agrees With Dana White on Controversial Topic Rest of UFC 323 Card A rematch between UFC Bantamweight Champion Merab Dvalishvili and Petr Yan will headline UFC 323.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/ncaa/iowa-state-ad-gets-emotional-over-matt-campbell-leaving-for-penn-state-11169041
Article: Pollard said he was sad to see him go, also suggesting that the school needs to build a statue in Campbell’s honor “at some point in the future” due to him doing “more for Iowa State football than anybody ever has.” Read more: Miami’s Mario Cristobal Makes Case for Hurricanes Over Notre Dame in CFP "Although I'm disappointed that he's leaving, it's not my right to decide what is right for Matt Campbell and his family at this point in time. Pollard said that when he spoke with Campbell about his decision, he told him he had to run "a parallel process" because of his responsibility to the players and Iowa State University. In addition, he said one of Campbell's daughters is attending college in Washington, D.C., which made coaching at Penn State ideal because it is in his home region near family.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/how-to-watch-virginia-vs-duke-live-stream-acc-championship-game-tv-channel-11165311
Article: 6, 2025 Time: 8:00 PM EDT Channel: ABC ( try for free Stream: Fubo Virginia is battling to stake its claim in the College Football Playoff when it faces off against Duke for the ACC Championship on Saturday. A win for the unranked Blue Devils leaves open the very real possibility that the conference will go unrepresented in this year’s CFP, creating a potential calamity for the ACC if Duke stages an upset. Chandler Morris threw two interceptions to go along with his two touchdowns, but statement displays from running back J’Mari Taylor (133 yards and two TDs) and receiver Trell Harris (161 yards and a TD) kept Virginia on the front foot. The Cavs have emerged triumphant in nine of the last 10 meetings between these two programs, tipping the rivalry in their favor after the pair were level on 33 wins apiece back in 2014. Neither of these teams has won the Atlantic Coast Conference in its history, meaning a first-time winner is guaranteed at Bank of America Stadium in what is already shaping up to be a historic day for the victor.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/ncaa/texas-tech-injury-worry-college-football-playoff-11169030
Article: More News: Marcus Freeman ‘Upset’ With Alabama Jumping Notre Dame The Red Raiders made a statement in Arlington, Texas, earning their first-ever Big 12 championship in a 34-7 rout of No. Texas Tech head coach Joey McGuire told reporters after the game that the team has some injuries to worry about, and believes the Red Raiders can heal their bumps and bruises with some extra time off before the CFP quarterfinals. However, the selection committee must take into consideration that Texas Tech's lone loss of the season (a 26-22 defeat to Arizona State) came when starting quarterback Behren Morton was sidelined with a knee injury.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/entertainment/movies/10-highest-rated-thrillers-to-watch-now-on-netflix-11125531
Article: 'Prevenge' Certified Fresh Score: 92% Audience Score: 53% Streaming Date: Apr 13, 2017 Synopsis: “Ruth is seven months pregnant when, believing herself to be guided by her unborn baby, she embarks on a homicidal rampage, dispatching anyone who stands in her way.” 'The Stranger' Certified Fresh Score: 92% Audience Score: 74% Streaming Date: Oct 19, 2022 Synopsis: “A small circle of seasoned undercover cops must pose as a vast and influential criminal network to catch a murderer who has evaded conviction for eight years.” 'Captain Phillips' Certified Fresh Score: 93% Audience Score: 89% Streaming Date: Jan 21, 2014 Synopsis: “Captain Phillips is a multi-layered examination of the 2009 hijacking of the U.S. container ship Maersk Alabama by a crew of Somali pirates.” 'Emily the Criminal' Certified Fresh Score: 93% Audience Score: 79% Streaming Date: Oct 28, 2022 Synopsis: “Emily (Aubrey Plaza) is saddled with student debt and locked out of the job market due to a minor criminal record. Desperate for income, she takes a shady gig as a “dummy shopper,” buying goods with stolen credit cards supplied by a handsome and charismatic middleman named Youcef (Theo Rossi).” 'Hit Man' Certified Fresh Score: 95% Audience Score: 89% Streaming Date: Jun 7, 2024 Synopsis: “Oscar-nominated director Richard Linklater's sunlit neo-noir stars Glen Powell as strait-laced professor Gary Johnson, who moonlights as a fake hit man for the New Orleans Police Department.” 'The Hurt Locker' Certified Fresh Score: 96% Audience Score: 84% Streaming Date: Sep 24, 2014 Synopsis: “The Hurt Locker is an intense portrayal of elite soldiers who have one of the most dangerous jobs in the world: disarming bombs in the heat of combat.” 'Pig' Certified Fresh Score: 97% Audience Score: 83% Streaming Date: Aug 3, 2021 Synopsis: “Pig tells the story of a truffle hunter (Nicolas Cage) who lives alone in the Oregonian wilderness. When his beloved foraging pig is kidnapped, he must journey into Portland -- and his long-abandoned past -- to recover her.” 'Host' Certified Fresh Score: 98% Audience Score: 71% Streaming Date: Jul 30, 2020 Synopsis: “Host is the story of six friends who hire a medium to hold a séance over Zoom during lockdown, but they get far more than they bargain for as things quickly go wrong. When an evil spirit starts invading their homes, they begin to realize they might not survive the night.” 'Under the Shadow' Certified Fresh Score: 99% Audience Score: 71% Streaming Date: Jan 17, 2017 Synopsis: “After Shideh's building is hit by a missile during the Iran-Iraq War, a superstitious neighbor suggests that the missile was cursed and might be carrying malevolent Middle-Eastern spirits.” 'His House' Certified Fresh Score: 100% Audience Score: 72% Streaming Date: Oct 30, 2020 Synopsis: “After making a harrowing escape from war-torn South Sudan, a young refugee couple struggle to adjust to their new life in a small English town that has an unspeakable evil lurking beneath the surface.”

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/how-to-watch-warriors-vs-cavaliers-live-stream-nba-tv-channel-11165362
Article: 6, 2025 Time: 7:30 PM EDT Channel: FanDuel Sports Network Ohio 1 (Cleveland feed), NBA TV ( try for free Stream: Fubo Golden State is at risk of recording three consecutive defeats for the second time in barely two weeks when it makes the cross-country trip to take on Cleveland at the Rocket Center on Saturday. Rookie VJ Edgecombe fired in a go-ahead shot with 0.9 seconds left on the board before Tyrese Maxey made it back in time to deliver a game-saving block on De’Anthony Melton. One can look at that result in one of two ways: the Warriors were once again missing several key players, with Steph Curry out for the third straight game (his seventh absence this season) and Jimmy Butler sidelined after an injury against Oklahoma City two days prior. To add insult to injury, Draymond Green limped to the locker room in the second quarter with a foot injury and was later seen in a protective boot, suggesting he’ll have no involvement this weekend.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nfl/nfl-reaches-punishment-decision-after-jaxson-dart-incident-vs-patriots-11168864
Article: During a Week 13 showdown against the New England Patriots, New York Giants rookie quarterback Jaxson Dart took a bone-crunching hit along the sideline that sparked a scuffle between both teams. More College Football: Lane Kiffin’s Daughter Has Message for ‘Angry’ Ole Miss Fans The hit in question came from Patriots linebacker Christian Elliss, who also had a questionable hit on Giants returner Gunner Olszewski, who sustained a concussion during the contest.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cdj82d0nd4eo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Staff and tourists among 23 killed in Goa nightclub fire, officials say Goa District is a popular attraction for beachgoers in India Goa's Chief Minister Pramod Sawant said in a statement: "Today is a very painful day for all of us in Goa." Police believe a gas cylinder exploded in the club's kitchen causing the blaze to rip through the venue at midnight on Saturday, local time. Dr Sawant said: "Those found responsible will face most stringent action under the law – any negligence will be dealt with firmly." "I am deeply grieved and offer my heartfelt condolences to all the bereaved families in this hour of unimaginable loss." Goa is former Portuguese colony on the Arabian Sea.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cjrjl1gy8r5o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: 'Ketamine Queen' spiralled before Matthew Perry death, friends tell BBC 38 minutes ago Share Save Ben Bryant BBC News Share Save Courtesy of Zanc A new BBC documentary examines the death of Matthew Perry and the woman at the centre of the case, Jasveen Sangha She was a woman who appeared to have it all: a privileged upbringing, a good education and a wide circle of friends. Her business – and the illusion of her charmed life – came to an abrupt end after supplying 50 vials of ketamine that were ultimately sold to Friends actor Matthew Perry, including the dose that led to his overdose death in 2023. Matthew Perry, 54, was found dead at his Los Angeles home in 2023 after years of struggling with depression and addiction Bill Bodner, special agent in charge of the Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA) Los Angeles office at the time of Perry's death, told the BBC she was "a highly educated person who decided to make their living trafficking drugs, and use that money from drug trafficking to finance this social media influencer persona". Her attorney, Mark Geragos, has said Sangha is taking responsibility but has denied she actually knew Perry, who was best known for playing Chandler Bing on the long-running sitcom Friends. "She travelled all over by private jet, and did that way before everything blew up." Jash Negandhi attended university with Sangha Sangha's grandparents were fashion retail multimillionaires in East London, according to The Times, and Sangha – the daughter of entrepreneur Nilem Singh and Dr Baljeet Singh Chhokar – stood to inherit the family wealth. "They're very caring, very loving, and they treated us like we were their kids." Sangha spent time in London after high school, and graduated with a MBA from the Hult International Business School in London in 2010. Sangha's mother and stepfather ran KFC franchises in California and were sued by the company for more than $50,000 in 2013, court documents show, for failing to pay royalties to the company for the use of its branding. In Los Angeles, she had a close-knit circle of friends called the "Kitties", according to Marquez, which was a clique of mostly female friends who liked to throw parties - attended by celebrities. They would often meet at Avalon, a historic theatre in the heart of Hollywood that hosts concerts and electronic music events, and party until the early hours of the morning. "We would take a trip to Lake Havasu, rent a big old mansion, and we would bring our DJs, all our sound systems, and every night would be a theme night that would just be us," Marquez says of the lake, which borders California and Arizona. "She was addicted to being in that social circle and being wanted by celebrities that people have seen all their lives on TV." He said he believes she was never a "king pin" or a bigtime dealer, but simply fell into the trade because she "loved doing ketamine, just like all of us".

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c773vvmr5peo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: 1 hour ago Share Save Grace Dean Share Save Juventus FC/Getty Images While he was presenting Match of the Day and other football coverage for the BBC, Lineker was building his podcast business in the background "He's officially the top dog, isn't he," former Man City defender Micah Richards asks Alan Shearer. The three ex-footballers are talking about how Man City's Erling Haaland scored his 100th Premier League goal in his 111th appearance this week - beating Shearer's long-standing record over 124 appearances. It's a typical moment of teasing on The Rest Is Football (TRIF), a podcast that has come to dominate the market with its constant stream of episodes featuring the trio. Goalhanger, the podcast company Lineker co-founded and which is behind big brands like The Rest Is Politics, The Rest is Entertainment and The Rest Is History, has signed a deal, announced this week, with Netflix to turn its football edition into a daily TV show on the streaming service during next summer's World Cup, taking place across North America. Netflix The Rest Is Football features Lineker, Richards and Shearer Fewer than seven months ago Lineker was working for the BBC, where he had presented Match of the Day (MOTD) for 26 years. Even after Lineker said he would step down from hosting the BBC One Saturday night football highlights show following a string of controversies, he was still expected to front the corporation's coverage of the FA Cup and World Cup in 2026. Getty Images Lineker seen here alongside Shearer preparing for an MOTD episode backstage by catching up on games A challenge to the broadcasters - with big bucks The new Netflix deal will see the podcast abandon its usual format of Lineker, Shearer and Richards dialling in on video calls of varying quality from their respective homes, and instead turn to a glitzy New York studio. Minal Modha, from Ampere Analysis, says her company's research suggests football is now among the most popular sports in the US, a field in which American football, basketball and baseball loom large. "For [Lineker] to be able to cement himself within that, kind of riding the crest of that wave, I think is going to be really, really helpful for his career," she says. While Richards is already known in the US given his punditry on the CBS network, this move "will firmly put Lineker on the global stage", agrees Paolo Pescatore, technology, media and telecoms analyst at PP Foresight. The Sun reported that the new deal will "dwarf" the £1.35m Lineker was paid by the BBC, which topped the corporation's publicly disclosed salary list when it was released this year. While Ms Fisher didn't want to speculate, she told us: "I do think it's safe to guess Goalhanger will make more than the £1.35m." Danehouse/Getty Images Micah Richards is already familiar with US audiences on CBS Sports When asked by BBC News, Goalhanger would not disclose how much the deal was worth. Accounts filed in February showed the company had £2.03m in retained earnings in the year to April 2024, up from about £590,000 the previous year, while cash in the bank rose from £560,000 to more than £2.7m. The podcasts make money from advertising income, subscription fees and tickets for live shows, former MP Rory Stewart - who co-hosts The Rest Is Politics with Tony Blair's former press secretary Alastair Campbell - told the Times in February 2023. I've earned more this month than I've ever earned doing anything else in my life." But when audiences can sense that big money is involved, as reported in the TRIF and Netflix deal, it can be offputting to some. She adds that Lineker "is not going to want to alienate his fan base", though she said there's a possibility the format of the podcast could be tweaked to appeal more to a non-football audience, such as through celebrity appearances. The birth of a podcasting empire Hulton Archive/Getty Images Lineker built a legion of fans during his time as a striker - and brought many of them over with him to Match of the Day Lineker helped launch Goalhanger Films back in 2014 to make sport documentaries, before pivoting to podcasts; his son Harry also works for the company as a producer. During his latter years at MOTD, Lineker was building up his podcasting empire - the first episode of TRIF was released in summer 2023 on platforms including YouTube, Spotify and Apple Podcasts. Representatives for Lineker declined an interview for this article, but speaking about his departure from the BBC with the Standard this week, Lineker was positive about not having "to tread on eggshells anymore" - a reference to whether or not he could express his personal views on social media while working for a public service broadcaster that prioritises impartiality. "And actually, now I'm free to do what I want at the World Cup, which I think is great because we'll do a podcast every day." Hollie Adams/Getty Images Lineker says that since leaving the BBC, "now I'm free to do what I want at the World Cup" 'The rest is adverts' - or a smart move? TIRF fan Callum Ritchie, a 23-year-old student who plays for Abertay University's football team, told BBC News he likes how Lineker is "not afraid to speak his mind on certain issues". He listens to TRIF on Spotify but doesn't watch it on YouTube, preferring to watch Gary Neville's The Overlap, or Simon Ferry and Paul Slane's Open Goal podcast, because the hosts on TRIF are often on video calls, not together in one studio.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cd9z7j57qnjo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: 57 minutes ago Share Save Mark Savage Music correspondent Share Save Michael Putland Hulton Archive via Getty Images Last year, Wham!'s festive hit became the first song to reach Christmas number one two years running It's Christmas time and there's a genuine reason to feel afraid. For the next few weeks, it'll be impossible to escape Wham and their story of giving people their internal organs; Noddy Holder's foghorn declaration of festive joy; or Mariah Carey's yuletide wishlist (principal item: You). Kylie - XMAS Getty Images Ahead of her festive release, Kylie turned on this year's Christmas lights at Battersea Power Station in November Kylie is the biggest challenger for Christmas number one, with this sparkly bauble of pop frivolity. "It's been 10 years in the making." Recorded during a break in her Tension World Tour, "when I should probably have been doing nothing", she got into the Christmas spirit by hanging a stocking on the wall of the recording studio. Tom Fletcher - One Of Us Getty Images The McFly frontman initially auditioned for the band Busted, decades before writing the score for the new Paddington musical "I have a bit of an unhealthy obsession with Christmas, and I've wanted to write a Christmas song since McFly began 23 years ago," says Fletcher. One Of Us is the song that got him the gig, a sitting ballad written for the show's emotional turning point, as the Brown family realise how important the Peruvian bear has become to their family. "That feels like a nice message to be spreading at this time of year." Alison Limerick - Where Love Lives Richard Isaac / Shutterstock Limerick's atmospheric vocal hook has resonated with fans both new and old 35 years after its release Forget your sleigh bells and your winter jumpers, Alison Limerick's 1990 piano house classic is enjoying a renaissance, after soundtracking the John Lewis Christmas advert. DJs loved it and all the gay clubs loved it - but there wasn't the media attention." In the advert, Limerick's thrilling delivery ("don't reach out for me with an apology") reignites cherished memories for a father who receives the 12-inch vinyl from his son. "And that will be fine, because I will sing at the drop of a hat." Laufey - Winter Wonderland Penske Media via Getty Images Icelandic-Chinese artist Laufey has put her own festive stamp on a Christmas classic If anyone can capture the cozy sounds of Christmas, it's Laufey - whose timeless jazz songs are the sonic equivalent of snuggling up in a cosy blanket with a mug of cocoa. "It was exciting to put my own spin on a classic and bring some old flare into a new recording." Roland Gift - Everybody Knows It's Christmas Redferns / Getty Images Roland Gift, known for his work with 80s band Fine Young Cannibals, released a Christmas single on the back of a UK tour Fine Young Cannibals may only have released two albums in their lifespan, but songs like Johnny Come Home and She Drives Me Crazy still sound as fresh today as they did in the 80s. Frontman Roland Gift has been marking the 40th anniversary of the band's debut single with a massive UK tour – and a brand new Christmas song featuring that unmistakable voice. "It actually used to be called Pop Suicide," he says, "and it was quite a sad, dark song about how kids get into pop thinking it's going to be [glamorous] and they end up broke or worse." Thankfully, a rewrite and the addition of some tubular bells made it much more jolly. Just enjoy this period and we can put the gloves back on after New Year." Emily Fern featuring Bez and the London Symphony Orchestra - Christmas Dream Emily Fern The Channel Islands-based singer roped in Bez and Phil Hartnell for the track, along with the London Symphony Orchestra Guernsey singer Emily Fern wrote her twinkly Christmas ballad "quite accidentally" in a church hall. We were pulling out all our songbooks when my pianist Adam asbent-mindedly did a little trill on the piano and I said, 'Oh that sounds like a Christmas song' and it all just happened." The first time it was performed, the audience demanded it again as an encore.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c0mxe7l7wp1o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Don't panic if you get a message about tax 56 minutes ago Share Save Jennifer Meierhans Business reporter Share Save Getty Images Jazz singer Billie van der Westhuizen started using Vinted about six months ago to sell clothes and shoes she hadn't worn for ages. It wasn't clear at all why it was asking." Vinted users who have sold 30 items or made £1,700 in a year are being asked for their NI number, leaving many like Billie confused and some panicking that they will have to pay tax. But this is not about any tax changes - it's due to reporting rules for websites and apps that allow users to sell goods or services, including eBay, Etsy, Depop and AirBnb. Billie van der Westhuizen Billie van der Westhuizen says she has been a bit put off selling items online since being asked for her NI number "I just sent it but I thought there's no way they could tax the amount of money I've made off this," she says. "If I was making thousands maybe, but I reckon I've made maybe £500 and I'm selling things for less than I paid for them." The pop-up alert Billie received sends Vinted users to a form asking for their name, address and NI number "as required by UK law". I barely make money on Vinted - what happens if I ignore this?" Chartered accountant Abigail Foster says while a lot of people may panic when asked for tax information by Vinted, for most users this is nothing to worry about. "This rule is aimed at people who are effectively running a resale business, not those decluttering their wardrobes." It would be very easy for HMRC to tell if someone was trading by checking for multiple listings of the same product or items bought and quickly resold for higher prices, she adds. That's why it's really important to stay on top of your tax affairs." Research commissioned by HMRC in 2022 suggested around one in 10 UK adults participated in what it called the "hidden economy" - earnings that are entirely or partially concealed from the tax authority to avoid paying taxes.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c3r7plnwr0zo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Hong Kong to vote in election as city mourns deadly fire 35 minutes ago Share Save Tessa Wong Singapore Share Save Getty Images Hongkongers are mourning the worst blaze the city has seen in more than 70 years Hongkongers are voting in an election seen as a test of public sentiment following a deadly fire that angered some in the city. They have also created cartoon mascots and a theme tune for the election, adapted from a 2001 hit song by Cantopop star Aaron Kwok, called "Let's Vote, Together We Create The Future". Chief Secretary Eric Chan told reporters last month that the measures were aimed at ensuring "a happy and festive mood" and to "let residents recognise the importance of the election". VCG via Getty Images The Hong Kong government has launched a campaign urging residents to vote But in recent days the city has been focusing on the 26 November fire that engulfed high-rise residential blocks at Wang Fuk Court in the northern district of Tai Po. Investigators have found that a scaffolding mesh used for renovations in Wang Fuk Court failed to meet flame retardant standards, and that the fire spread quickly due to the mesh and other flammable materials on the outside of the buildings. John P Burns, emeritus professor and Chinese politics expert with the University of Hong Kong, said he believed the government would interpret a high turnout as a sign that voters perceive Hong Kong's reshaped political system as "relatively legitimate". Some in that camp will be impressed by how authorities have speedily re-housed those made homeless in the fire and the aid authorities have provided, "which by any measure has been rapid and relatively generous", noted Prof Burns.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/weather/articles/c4g4ey8zxnzo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Witnessing a dazzling display of the Northern Lights with vivid sheets of colour dancing across the night sky is a real treat for those lucky enough to be in the right place at just the right time. But the charged particles hurled into space by our tempestuous Sun - the particles that create the aurora borealis - can also unleash very rare but extremely disruptive events here on Earth. Recently 6,000 planes were grounded by Airbus, requiring a software update after one of their planes experienced a "sudden drop in altitude" in October thought to be caused by interference from intense solar radiation.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/arts/watch-trump-presents-medals-to-2025-kennedy-center-honorees-at-the-oval-office
Article: WASHINGTON (AP) — President Donald Trump on Saturday presented the 2025 Kennedy Center honorees with their medals during a ceremony in the Oval Office, hailing the slate of artists he was deeply involved in choosing as “perhaps the most accomplished and renowned class” ever assembled. WATCH: Trump names Strait, Stallone and Kiss for Kennedy Center Honors and says he’ll host the awards show Trump said they are a group of “incredible people” who represent the “very best in American arts and culture” and that, “I know most of them and I’ve been a fan of all of them.” “This is a group of icons whose work and accomplishments have inspired, uplifted and unified millions and millions of Americans,” said a tuxedo-clad Trump. “This is perhaps the most accomplished and renowned class of Kennedy Center Honorees ever assembled.” Trump’s takeover of the Kennedy Center Trump ignored the Kennedy Center and its premier awards program during his first term as president. But the Republican has instituted a series of changes since returning to office in January, most notably ousting its board of trustees and replacing them with GOP supporters who voted him in as chairman of the board. WATCH: Ben Folds on taking a stand for artistic freedom after Trump’s Kennedy Center takeover The president placed around each honoree’s neck a new medal that was designed, created and donated by jeweler Tiffany & Co., according to the Kennedy Center and Trump. The president said Crawford was a “great star of Broadway” for his lead role in the long-running “Phantom of the Opera.” Of Gaynor, he said, “We have the disco queen, and she was indeed, and nobody did it like Gloria Gaynor.” Trump was effusive about his friend Stallone, calling him a “wonderful” and “spectacular” person and “one of the true, great movie stars” and “one of the great legends.” Kiss is an “incredible rock band,” he said. Songs by honorees Gaynor and Kiss played in the Rose Garden just outside the Oval Office as members of the White House press corps waited nearby for Trump to begin the ceremony. The president president said in August that he was “about 98% involved” in choosing the 2025 honorees when he personally announced them at the Kennedy Center, the first slate chosen under his leadership. “We can hardly imagine the country music phenomena without its king of country, or American disco without its first lady, or Broadway without its phantom — and that was a phantom, let me tell you — or rock and roll without its hottest band in the world, and that’s what they are, or Hollywood without one of its greatest visionaries.” “Each of you has made an indelible mark on American life and together you have defined entire genres and set new standards for the performing arts,” Trump said. Trump to host the Kennedy Center Honors Meanwhile, the glitzy Kennedy Center Honors program and its series of tribute speeches and performances for each recipient is set to be taped on Sunday at the performing arts center for broadcast later in December on CBS and Paramount+. The president said in August that he had agreed to host the show, and he seemed to confirm on Saturday that he would do so, predicting that the broadcast would garner its highest ratings ever as a result. “It’s going to be something that I believe, and I’m going to make a prediction: this will be the highest-rated show that they’ve ever done and they’ve gotten some pretty good ratings, but there’s nothing like what’s going to happen tomorrow night,” Trump said. The president also swiped at late-night TV show host Jimmy Kimmel, whose program was briefly suspended earlier this year by ABC following criticism of his comments related to the killing of conservative activist Charlie Kirk in September.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/11m-southwest-airlines-fine-waived-dot/story?id=128178481
Article: Department of Transportation announced it will waive the remaining $11 million in fines Southwest Airlines owed as part of a record $140 million penalty over its operational meltdown during holiday travel in 2022. “In lieu of a payment of an $11 million civil penalty to the government, this order provides Southwest with an $11 million credit for significantly improving its on-time performance and completion factor through its $112.4 million investment in its Network Operations Control (NOC),” the DOT said in an updated order this week. Anna Moneymaker/Getty Images “This credit structure allows for the benefits of the airline’s investment to be realized by the public, rather than resulting in a government monetary penalty,” DOT added. Most of the fine required Southwest to upgrade its technology and procedures to improve reliability and to compensate passengers for any future cancellations or significant delays caused by the airline. During the last two years, Southwest successfully completed an operational turnaround that directly benefits our Customers with industry leading on-time performance and percentage of completed flights without cancellations.” As a massive winter storm battered the U.S. In addition to the fine imposed by the DOT, the airline agreed to pay about $600 million in refunds and reimbursements to customers, DOT said at the time it imposed the penalties.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/wireStory/reeling-colts-answers-sluggish-offense-gardners-injury-128018085
Article: “I'll talk to (defensive coordinator) Lou (Anarumo) this week and, obviously, he'll have a game plan set up for the guys we've got out there,” Steichen said when asked about losing Gardner. You've got to put the pieces together, scheme it up and put guys in position to be successful.” Nothing's gone right lately for a team that entered November with the AFC's best record. That starts with myself and then, obviously, staying on the field on third downs and being efficient on first and second downs — not putting yourself in third-and-long, second-and-long, so being efficient on first down is a big part of it.” Run defense. Though he's made 10 of his 11 field goals, he's also missed three extra-point attempts, including one Sunday that forced Indy to score a late touchdown to take the lead instead of kicking a field goal to tie the score. While the injury to Jones needs to be monitored and the injury to Gardner is concerning and may prevent the Colts from getting back to full strength with Buckner's impending return.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/6/at-least-23-people-killed-in-nightclub-fire-in-indias-goa?traffic_source=rss
Article: The fire broke out at about midnight on Sunday in the village of Arpora in the district of North Goa, the Press Trust of India reported, citing police and officials. “Those found responsible will face most stringent action under the law – any negligence will be dealt with firmly.” Images circulating on social media showed rescue personnel rushing several people into emergency vehicles.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/politics/2026-election/florida-may-trumps-last-chance-gain-gop-seats-redistricting-rcna247446
Article: — Florida could be the final state the White House can count on to pick up additional seats as part of the rare mid-decade redistricting cycle it has pushed ahead of the midterm elections. Florida is following the lead of GOP-led states like Texas, Missouri and North Carolina that have enacted new congressional maps at President Donald Trump’s behest to protect the GOP’s narrow House majority. But as Democratic states like California follow suit with new district lines of their own and GOP efforts in states like Indiana have been rockier than anticipated, the advantage Trump and his allies thought they could gain through the push could be much smaller than they initially hoped. Those thorny legal issues are among the reasons the White House applied less pressure on Florida to draw a new map than it did on other states, and why the state is one of the last to begin its process. DeSantis said that if the court further weakens the Voting Rights Act, that would “necessitate new congressional redistricting.” DeSantis and Florida Senate leaders have said they would like to hold a special legislative session to redraw districts in April, which could be just weeks before the April 20 qualifying deadline for federal candidates. “It would also be irresponsible to any who are called to civil service, and most importantly it would be irresponsible to the citizens of Florida.” Redondo’s committee met for the first time on Thursday, holding a brief meeting that offered no time for public comment for the dozens of protesters who traveled to Tallahassee to express their concerns about the abrupt redistricting process. Republican leaders tried to downplay the notion that the redistricting push had anything to do with overt politics, even though the White House has pushed the effort nationally and other state lawmakers have openly stated the goal is to maximize partisan advantage. “It’s a publicly noticed meeting and people are here,” Jessica Lowe-Minor, president of the Florida League of Women Voters, said of those who traveled to Tallahassee not being allowed to speak. “It seems like if there’s time available, it would have been reasonable for the committee to take testimony, especially since people traveled a long way to be here.” It is expected, according to three veteran Republicans who spoke with NBC News, that a new Florida map could net the GOP anywhere from three to five additional House seats, but approaching a five-seat pickup could trigger legal concerns. “That number [five] I think could get us into some trouble, and I think we need to be very careful,” said a veteran Republican operative closely following the redistricting process, who was granted anonymity to speak candidly. “There are a lot of national implications for all of this, and Florida is unique in what it can and can’t do.” The seats mostly likely be be affected are an Orlando-area seat currently held by Democratic Rep. Florida could give a key boost to Republicans nationally ahead of the midterms, especially considering the White House-inspired redistricting project has not gone as smoothly as officials there once thought it would. Supreme Court on Friday said that a new Texas map that was drawn to give the GOP a five-seat boost could be used during the midterms, overturning a lower court ruling. If they can ultimately net five or six seats, then it will be the story of the midterms of success for Republicans,” a GOP strategist who is deeply involved in House races told NBC News last month as it became clear the process might not be a clean win for Republicans.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/video/20-million-under-winter-weather-alerts-as-heavy-snow-targets-west-and-midwest-253904453610
Article: Around 20 million people across the West and Midwest are under winter alerts Saturday as a fast-moving storm delivers heavy snow, strong winds and blasts of cold that is blanketing cities like Chicago.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nba/rockets-could-make-massive-swap-giannis-trade-idea-11168023
Article: “For Milwaukee, Sengun represents the best player it could realistically acquire in a trade: a 23-year-old offensive center who should make his second All-Star team this season,” writes ESPN’s Zach Kram. “Partnering with Ryan Rollins in Milwaukee, Sengun would serve as the foremost building player for the next era of the Bucks, who they need given their lack of first-round picks in upcoming drafts.” The New York Knicks seem to be the number one destination for Antetokounmpo.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/betting/fanduel-promo-code-claim-150-bonus-for-ufc-323-nfl-week-14-games-11167317
Article: We have a busy weekend with UFC 323 taking place tonight before tomorrow's NFL Week 14 slate, and that means you can get set up with the latest FanDuel promo code offer to capitalize on these events. We are coming down the stretch in the 2025 NFL season, and the Week 14 slate delivers for games that will have big playoff implications with Steelers-Ravens, Colts-Jaguars, Bears-Packers and Texans-Chiefs. FanDuel Promo Code: Bet $5, Win $150 Bonus For UFC, NFL Week 14 When you are signed up, you should prioritize finding a betting option that is likely to settle as a win, rather than going for one that will give a large payout. As there is no odds restriction with this opening wager, you might want to look at options like the ones listed below: Merab Dvalishvili moneyline (-480) Daniel Jones 150+ passing yards (-1200) Derrick Henry 40+ rushing yards (-1800) Jordan Love 1+ passing touchdowns (-800) Texans +30.5 alternate spread (-50000) Betting $5 on any of these markets will give you a good shot at winning the $150 in bonus bets from this offer. Parlay Hub Options For UFC, NFL Week 14 Click on the parlay hub icon at the top of the home page to view trending parlays for UFC 323 and NFL Week 14 games: Merab Dvalishvili, Payton Talbott, Alexandre Pantoja, Tatsuro Taira, Jan Blachowicz all win (+628) Merah Dvalishvili by KO/TKO or points, Alexandre Pantoja by submission or points, Tatsuro Taira by submission or points, Karine Silva by submission or points (+955) De'Von Achane, Kenneth Walker III, Chase Brown, Jaylen Warren EACH score a touchdown (+1867) Joe Burrow 2+ passing touchdowns, James Cook 90+ rushing yards, Ja'Marr Chase and Josh Allen EACH score a touchdown (+489) How To Register With FanDuel Promo Code Click here or on any of the other links on this page to get started with this offer.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/wrestling/wwe-title-changes-hands-before-saturday-nights-main-event-11169270
Article: Many expected Saints to be the one to face Rhodes at "Saturday Night's Main Event" given the two have a close friendship and it's an easy story for WWE to tell. It was recently reported that WWE is planning a big main roster shift that will see several "NXT" stars promoted to the "Monday Night Raw" and "Friday Night SmackDown" brands.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/betting/bet365-bonus-code-week365-claim-150-bonus-for-ufc-323-nfl-week-14-11167296
Article: If you prefer the $1,000 first bet safety net, you can bet up to that amount on any game and get your stake refunded if your bet settles as a loss. Go to each section to view the trending betting markets with boosted odds: Jan Blachowicz, Payton Talbott, Brandon Moreno, Alexandre Pantoja, Merab Dvalishvili all win (+706) Joshua Van, Petr Yan both win (+1250) Bogdan Guskov, Henry Cejudo, Tatsuro Taira (+1128) James Cook, Jonathan Taylor, De'Von Achane, Bucky Irving, Bijan Robinson EACH score a touchdown (+1578 boosted to +2003) Joe Burrow, Trevor Lawrence, Baker Mayfield, Sam Darnold EACH 2+ passing touchdowns (+1178 boosted to +1371) Ja'Marr Chase, Jaxon Smith-Njigba, Justin Jefferson, Puka Nacua EACH 80+ receiving yards (+963 boosted to +1179) Sign Up With Bet365 Bonus Code WEEK365 Register and claim the offer you prefer by clicking here and going through the steps outlined below: Enter the bonus code WEEK365 Provide information to the required areas (Name, date of birth, address, email, phone number, etc.) Make a deposit with a compatible payment option (Credit card, debit card, online banking, etc.) Place your first bet to activate the $150 bonus offer or the $1,000 safety net Use any bonus bets you receive within one week before they expire Newsweek may earn an affiliate commission if you sign up through the links in this article.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/trump-awards-kennedy-center-medals-to-2025-honorees-at-white-house-11169168
Article: President Donald Trump presented the 2025 Kennedy Center honorees with their medals during a Saturday ceremony in the Oval Office, calling the group "perhaps the most accomplished and renowned class" ever assembled. Why It Matters In early February, Trump fired the Kennedy Center's president and chairman, replacing most of the board with political loyalists who then elected him the center's new chairman. The president's direct involvement in selecting honorees and moving the medal ceremony to the White House breaks from decades of tradition, where selections were made by a bipartisan committee and medals were presented at a State Department dinner. What To Know Trump also announced he would attend Sunday's Kennedy Center Honors program, marking the first time a sitting president would participate in the event after overhauling the center's leadership structure. The president said he was "about 98% involved" in choosing the 2025 honorees when he personally announced them at the Kennedy Center in August—the first slate selected under his leadership. These are among the greatest artists, actors and performers of their generation." Trump on George Strait: "We can hardly imagine the country music phenomena without its king of country." Trump on Gloria Gaynor: "We have the disco queen, and she was indeed, and nobody did it like Gloria Gaynor." Trump on Sylvester Stallone: He called his friend a "wonderful" and "spectacular" person and "one of the true, great movie stars" and "one of the great legends." Trump on Michael Crawford: "Great star of Broadway" for his lead role in the long-running Phantom of the Opera. What Happens Next The Kennedy Center Honors program, featuring tribute speeches and performances for each recipient, will be taped Sunday at the performing arts center for broadcast later this month on CBS and Paramount+.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/ncaa/georgia-kirby-smart-bonus-sec-championship-11169171
Article: More News: Marcus Freeman ‘Upset’ With Alabama Jumping Notre Dame With a 28-7 win over Alabama at Mercedes-Benz Stadium, the Bulldogs are set to earn a first-round bye in the CFP when the selection committee releases the final bracket on Sunday. We got an elite opponent to go against to do it." Following the first-round bye, Smart and the Bulldogs will play another elite opponent in the CFP quarterfinals with some momentum after a blowout win of rival Alabama.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nba/ex-clipper-clears-air-ty-lue-controversial-chris-paul-quote-11167931
Article: In the midst of all of the criticism getting thrown at the Clippers from frustrated outsiders, an older video of LA’s head coach, Ty Lue, has gone viral for negative reasons. During a preseason practice session, Lue was seen firing off an expletive quote aimed at “CP.” With the old video resurfacing on social media, it’s leaving fans shocked once again.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/how-to-watch-rockets-vs-mavericks-live-stream-nba-tv-channel-11168672
Article: 6, 2025 Time: 8:30 PM EDT Channel: CBS (KFDA - Amarillo, TX), Space City Home Network ( try for free Stream: Fubo Houston is flying high as it fights for first in the Western Conference ahead of Saturday’s slugfest against a Dallas outfit that’s in near-opposite form this season. The Rockets have won the last two editions of the I-45 Rivalry but are looking to make it three in a row for the first time since dominating this matchup on eight straight occasions more than seven years ago. The NBA landscape was a lot different back in that 2016-2018 era, when a certain Slovenian now living on the West Coast had yet to make his impact in NBA circles. Still, Steven Adams has proved he has the attributes needed to fill in and deliver in his absence, while Amen Thompson stepped up with a 31-point display against the Suns. Rookie Cooper Flagg recorded a below-par 16 points as he was held at bay, while Anthony Davis will be seeking improvement in the return home this weekend after he went 1-9 shooting and didn’t score until the last eight minutes.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/betting/draftkings-promo-code-get-200-bonus-for-indiana-ohio-state-ufc-nfl-games-11167309
Article: These markets fit the parameters of this welcome offer and have a good chance of settling as a win: Merab Dvalishvili moneyline (-410) Jalin Turner moneyline (-340) Indiana +14.5 alternate spread (-462) Indiana-Ohio State over 35.5 alternate total (-477) Lamar Jackson 170+ passing yards (-481) Jonathan Taylor 70+ rushing yards (-333) Jordan Love 170+ passing yards (-458) Woody Marks 40+ rushing + receiving yards (-495) When you place your $5 bet, wait for it to settle to see if you win the $200 bonus. DraftKings Trending Parlays This Weekend The DraftKings Sportsbook app always provides pre-made parlays for the biggest events, with this weekend being no exception: Indiana leads at halftime, Indiana wins, Ohio State under 21.5 total points (+375) Marab Dvalishvili to win by submission, over 1.5 total rounds (+950) Petr Yan to win by KO/TKO/DQ, over 1.5 total rounds (+1200) Bills moneyline, Josh Allen 230+ passing yards, James Cook 80+ rushing yards, Dalton Kincaid to score a touchdown (+650) Jonathan Taylor, Davante Adams, De'Von Achane, Josh Jacobs EACH score a touchdown (+849) James Cook, Bijan Robinson, Derrick Henry, Josh Jacobs, Josh Allen (+940) Ja'Marr Chase, Davante Adams, Jaxon Smith-Njigba, Rashee Rice, Puka Nacua EACH score a touchdown (+2522) DraftKings Promo Code: How To Sign Up Go through these steps to get set up with this welcome offer in time for this weekend's events: to go to the registration page Click here to go to the registration page Enter basic personal information (Legal name, date of birth, address, etc.) Complete a deposit with a compatible payment method (Credit/debit card, online banking, etc.) Place your initial $5 bet to get your chance at the $200 in bonuses If you win the bonus bets, use them within one week before they expire Newsweek may earn an affiliate commission if you sign up through the links in this article.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/hegseth-avoids-committing-release-second-strike-video-11169045
Article: Secretary of Defense Pete Hegseth avoided answering directly as to whether he would release video of a controversial second strike on an alleged drug boat, even as lawmakers urge its release. We've got operators out there doing this right now, so whatever we were to decide to release we'd have to be very responsible about," Hegseth said during an interview at the 2025 Reagan National Defense Forum in Simi, California, adding again, "We're reviewing that right now." Hegseth's more cagey response is in sharp contrast to President Donald Trump's statement last week that "whatever they have, we’d certainly release no problem Newsweek reached out to the White House by email outside of normal business hours on Saturday night for comment. Why It Matters The Trump administration has come under severe scrutiny after reports of a second strike on an alleged drug boat in the Caribbean that killed two survivors, raising concerns that the administration had committed a war crime in doing so. Hegseth has insisted that the operations are lawful strikes, which are intended to be "lethal, kinetic" strikes to destroy "narco-boats" and kill "narco-terrorists." The administration maintains that every person killed in the strikes so far is tied to a designated terrorist organization. What To Know Lawmakers and defense experts alike gathered in Simi for the Reagan National Defense Forum, but the highlight of the weekend was a keynote speech from Hegseth, followed by an interview conducted by Fox News correspondent Lucas Tomlinson. Hegseth spoke on Trump's use of the doctrine that America leads by "peace through strength," pointing to the several peace deals the president helped negotiate since returning to office earlier this year. "We can't I can't get into sources and methods and all of those things for obvious reasons, but you have to develop the intel picture and get an understanding of what you're looking at ... "Not many military decisions should be made by the Secretary of War: I believe in in deferring those decisions to local commanders as much as possible, but because of the strategic implications of the first few strikes, I wanted to hold that decision at my level, and the briefing that I received before that strike was extensive, exhaustive," Hegseth added. When asked when the Pentagon would release video, citing Trump's comment that he would have no problem with releasing it, however, Hegseth did not commit to doing so, citing concerns about compromising "sources, methods" with a release. Tomlinson then asked Hegseth directly about the "kill everybody" order reports, Hegseth turned to the crowd and asked, "Is anybody here from the Washington Post?" and quickly added, "I don't know where you get your sources, but they suck." "Of course not," Hegseth said. Just ridiculous," he added, stressing that the operation followed "a very defined process, specific criteria" that involved "lawyers, intel analysts, everything." Hegseth highlighted another strike in which two people survived a strike on a submserible vessel and were stranded in the water, but in that case the U.S. forces "gave them back to their host countries." "That's a story that's already been out in the public, so we didn't change our protocol, it was just a different circumstance," Hegseth said. What People Are Saying Secretary of Defense Pete Hegseth last month wrote on X, in part: "As usual, the fake news is delivering more fabricated, inflammatory, and derogatory reporting to discredit our incredible warriors fighting to protect the homeland. As we’ve said from the beginning, and in every statement, these highly effective strikes are specifically intended to be 'lethal, kinetic strikes.'" "The declared intent is to stop lethal drugs, destroy narco-boats, and kill the narco-terrorists who are poisoning the American people. The Trump administration has sealed the border and gone on offense against narco-terrorists." Representative Ted Lieu of California, a Democrat, wrote on X this week: "Hegseth lied after leaking classified information on Signal. Hegseth must resign." Senator Mark Kelly of Arizona, a Democrat, earlier this week wrote on X: "Pete Hegseth says he’s going to court-martial me for saying the same exact thing he said 9 years ago.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nfl/kansas-city-chiefs-announce-bad-news-before-houston-texans-11169159
Article: Read more: Steelers HC Mike Tomlin Could Make Surprising Career Change It will be interesting to see whether or not Kansas City can rally together and make a run down the final stretch of the regular season. Following their game against Houston, Kansas City will take on the Los Angeles Chargers at home, the Tennessee Titans on the road, the Denver Broncos at home, and the Las Vegas Raiders on the road to close out the year.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/how-to-watch-clippers-vs-timberwolves-live-stream-nba-tv-channel-11165398
Article: 6, 2025 Time: 8:00 PM EDT Channel: FanDuel Sports Network Kansas City ( try for free Stream: Fubo Minnesota will welcome the LA Clippers to the Target Center on Saturday evening, targeting not only their fifth straight win in general play, but also a fifth in a row in this head-to-head. Head coach Chris Finch has his side working like a well-oiled machine ahead of the weekend matchup as the Timberwolves look to establish some dominance as one of the upper-classmen in the Western Conference. It’s a testament to the roster’s strength in depth that a talismanic talent like Anthony Edwards can have an off day, as was witnessed against New Orleans last time out, and still come up with the goods. The Clippers sit at the other end of the spectrum and are at risk of slipping further down the pecking order in the Pacific Division if they don’t develop some momentum soon. One name who won’t be involved in the North Star State is Chris Paul, after he was confirmed to be parting ways this week, with Minnesota of all places touted as one potential destination for the 12-time NBA All-Star.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/ncaa/notre-dame-pop-tarts-bowl-11169124
Article: More News: Marcus Freeman ‘Upset’ With Alabama Jumping Notre Dame Boise State, who the Fighting Irish beat earlier this season, knocked off UNLV 38-21 in the Mountain West Championship on Friday night, giving ND a win over a conference champion. Earlier this week, Notre Dame head coach Marcus Freeman suggested a few deserving teams will likely be kept out of the playoff and called for the format to be expanded to 16 teams. “Every year, you’re going to have a group of three, four teams that are right on the cusp of being in the playoffs or not in the playoffs that are going to be upset," Freeman said during an interview with NBC News. "And it’s going to be no different than if they expand the playoffs to 16 — there’s still going to be somebody that’s not happy with not making it into the playoffs. To me, I’m always the supporter of more is better, and the more teams you give an opportunity to play in the playoffs, the better." While the bowl would be a disappointment for BYU and ND, bragging rights would be on the line for the Pop-Tarts Bowl, scheduled for Dec.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nba/warriors-help-knicks-land-giannis-mega-mock-deal-11167863
Article: As the Milwaukee Bucks continue to struggle, the reality of Antetokounmpo getting traded is becoming more realistic by the day, and the Golden State Warriors could find themselves getting involved. Golden State’s Bottom Line The Warriors are already expected to part ways with their recently re-signed forward Jonathan Kuminga, so seeing his name in any mock draft seems on par. Buddy Hield has had an up-and-down stint with the Warriors since last year, and is in the midst of a down season, shooting 29 percent from three and averaging fewer than 10 points for the first time since his rookie year. If the Warriors get involved in a Giannis trade, they are going to want to land the big piece in the mega deal, but all signs have suggested that Antetokounmpo’s top preference is the Knicks so far.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/nation-world/hugh-jackman-surprises-milwaukee-high-school-choir/507-61d49d24-4ce8-47a8-9083-028a86e0f2bc
Article: MILWAUKEE — Actor and singer Hugh Jackman surprised a group of high school choir students Tuesday to promote his upcoming movie "Song Sung Blue." The Milwaukee High School of the Arts students anticipated watching a preview of the film, but Jackman walked into their classroom to a sea of shocked screams. And I mean, we go to a public school so we don't really have stuff like that happen to us a lot." The entire thing was caught on camera, showing the choir class watching a video filmed by Jackman promising to make their "music dreams come true" before saying he had a better idea. "Not only did he drop in to cheer them on, but students also had the incredible opportunity to perform 'From Now On' from 'The Greatest Showman' for the star himself," the school wrote in a statement. "What a magical day of music, inspiration, and pure joy!" Jackman was joined by director Craig Brewer to promote their upcoming movie about Milwaukee couple Mike and Claire Sardina, who performed in a Neil Diamond tribute band "Lightning & Thunder." Jackman stars beside Kate Hudson to play the real-life couple.

Link: https://abc7.com/post/pete-hegseth-defends-strikes-alleged-cartel-boats-venezuela-says-president-trump-can-order-use-force-he-sees-fit/18258694/
Article: Hegseth defends strikes on alleged cartel boats, says Trump can order use of force 'as he sees fit' Defense Secretary Pete Hegseth defended strikes on alleged cartel boat, saying President Donald Trump can order use of force "as he sees fit." Defense Secretary Pete Hegseth defended strikes on alleged cartel boat, saying President Donald Trump can order use of force "as he sees fit." Defense Secretary Pete Hegseth defended strikes on alleged cartel boat, saying President Donald Trump can order use of force "as he sees fit." Defense Secretary Pete Hegseth defended strikes on alleged cartel boat, saying President Donald Trump can order use of force "as he sees fit." WASHINGTON -- Defense Secretary Pete Hegseth defended strikes on alleged drug cartel boats during remarks Saturday at the Ronald Reagan Presidential Library, saying President Donald Trump has the power to take military action "as he sees fit" to defend the nation. Hegseth's remarks came after the Trump administration released its new national security strategy, one that paints European allies as weak and aims to reassert America's dominance in the Western Hemisphere. The speech was delivered at the Reagan National Defense Forum at the Ronald Reagan Presidential Foundation and Institute in California, an event which brings together top national security experts from around the country.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c4g4q3p9xy3o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Senior barrister are accusing the justice secretary of misrepresenting figures about rape cases collapsing in order to "push through" proposals to reduce the number of jury trials in England and Wales, reports the Sunday Times.

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/12/06/g-s1-101092/migrants-shipwreck-crete-greece
Article: At least 18 migrants die after boat sinks near Greek island of Crete ATHENS, Greece — At least 18 migrants attempting to cross the Mediterranean Sea in an inflatable boat died when it capsized south of the island of Crete, Greek authorities said Saturday. Greece is a major entry point into the European Union for people fleeing conflict and poverty in the Middle East, Africa and Asia and fatal accidents are a common occurrence. The short but perilous journey from Turkey's coast to nearby Greek islands in inflatable dinghies or small boats, often in poor conditions, used to be the major route until increased patrols and alleged pushbacks reduced crossing attempts.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/japan-protests-after-chinese-military-aircraft-locks-radar-128179841
Article: Japan's Defense Minister Shinjiro Koizumi, center, speaks to the media, as Japan announced that a Chinese military aircraft locked its radar on Japanese jets, at the ministry in Tokyo, Sunday, Dec. (Kyodo News via AP) Japan's Defense Minister Shinjiro Koizumi, center, speaks to the media, as Japan announced that a Chinese military aircraft locked its radar on Japanese jets, at the ministry in Tokyo, Sunday, Dec. (Kyodo News via AP) TOKYO -- Japan said early Sunday that it has protested to China after a military jet that took off from the Chinese carrier Liaoning locked its radar on Japanese fighter jets near the southern island of Okinawa, the latest spat between the two countries whose ties have plunged recently over the Japanese leader’s Taiwan remarks. Japan’s Defense Ministry said China’s military aircraft J-15 “intermittently” targeted its radar at Japanese F-15 fighter jets on two occasions Saturday — for about three minutes in the late afternoon and for about 30 minutes in the evening. Defense Minister Shinjiro Koizumi, briefing reporters in the early hours of Sunday, said Japan protested to China over the radar lock, calling it “a dangerous act that exceeded the scope necessary for safe aircraft operations.” “The occurrence of such an incident is extremely regrettable,” Koizumi said. “We have lodged a strong protest with the Chinese side and demanded strict preventive measures.” The latest incident comes as relations between the two countries have worsened in recent weeks. China was angered by a statement by Japan’s Prime Minister Sanae Takaichi in early November that its military could get involved if China were to take action against Taiwan, the self-governing island that Beijing says must come under its rule. Japanese F-15 fighter jets, scrambled in case of an airspace violation, were pursuing the Chinese aircraft at a safe distance and did not involve actions that could be interpreted as provocation, Kyodo News agency said, quoting defense officials.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/7/seventeen-people-found-dead-in-boat-off-of-greeces-crete?traffic_source=rss
Article: “Autopsies have to be carried out as the circumstances of the sinking are not known.” The Athens News Agency reported that the boat was spotted by a Turkish cargo ship, which alerted the authorities. The Greek coastguard rushed two vessels to the scene, while the European Union’s border agency Frontex sent a boat, an aircraft and a Super Puma helicopter to help in the rescue effort. Over the last year, migrants and asylum seekers have turned their attention to the Greek island of Crete, in the eastern Mediterranean Sea, as a way of reaching EU territory from Libya, in North Africa.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/sports/2025/12/7/real-madrid-vs-celta-vigo-la-liga-teams-start-time-lineups?traffic_source=rss
Article: Who: Real Madrid vs Celta Vigo What: Spain’s La Liga Where: Santiago Bernabeu in Madrid, Spain When: Sunday, December 7, at 9pm (20:00 GMT) How to follow: We’ll have all the buildup on Al Jazeera Sport from 17:00 GMT in advance of our text commentary stream. Real Madrid will seek only a second top-flight win in five matches when they entertain Celta Vigo in La Liga on Saturday, an achievement that would see them close the gap on league leaders Barcelona to one point. It should be a match that sees the record Spanish domestic league winners enter as heavy favourites, but their form of late has allowed Barcelona to leap to the top of the table, while opening up questions about their coach, Xabi Alonso. Al Jazeera Sport takes a look at a game where Celta’s impressive away record this season could see them cause an upset, but much of the focus will also be on Real’s free-scoring forward, Kylian Mbappe. After finishing last season in top form and starting the current campaign superbly, Mbappe has netted 55 goals with Real Madrid in 2025, and is just four away from matching the record of 59 set in 2013 by Ronaldo, as the club’s top scorer in a calendar year. Not just because of the importance he has in the team, but also because of the ambition he conveys and the number of goals he scores,” Alonso told a news conference. Winning the European Golden Shoe and La Liga’s top scorer award last season with 31 goals, Mbappe is currently operating at an even higher level, with 16 goals scored in 15 matches played, and nine in five Champions League games. Real Madrid face Erling Haaland’s Manchester City in the Champions League on December 10, before league games against Alaves and Sevilla, giving Mbappe four matches to catch Ronaldo, who Mbappe admits he had posters of on his wall as a child. Having won 13 of the opening 14 games of the season, Real have since won only twice in their last six matches – one of those wins coming in Europe. In total, there were nine La Liga games – seven of which were drawn – before Celta registered their first league win of the season, with a 3-2 win at Osasuna. Real’s clean sweep against Celta Vigo last season Real also won the La Liga meeting at Celta Vigo last season, with Kylian Mbappe and Vinicius Junior scoring either side of Swedberg’s strike for the home side. Mbappe and Vinicius Junior appeared to have set Los Blancos on their way to a comfortable win by Jonathan Bamba’s 83rd-minute strike, and Marcos Alonso’s 90th-minute penalty sent the tie to extra time. Celta have not beaten Real in the league since 2014, when Brazilian forward Charles scored both goals in a 2-0 win that ended any chance of Los Blancos catching cross-city rivals Atletico for the league title that season. Celta’s away record in the league has seen them win three, draw two and lose one, which far outweighs their home return, where they are yet to win in this La Liga campaign. Leading scorer Borja Iglesias, with eight goals to his name this season, will lead a host of players returning to the side, following the midweek win on penalties against lower league Sant Andreu in the Copa del Rey. Real Madrid’s predicted starting lineup Courtois, Asencio, Militao, Rudiger, Carreras, Guler, Valverde, Tchouameni, Bellingham, Vinicius, Mbappe Celta Vigo predicted starting lineup Radu, Alonso, Starfelt, J Rodriguez, Rueda, D Rodriguez, Moriba, Carreira, Zaragoza, Iglesias, Aspas

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/video/video-shows-border-patrol-agent-chasing-woman-in-louisiana-253902917809
Article: The Department of Homeland Security said agents were conducting a "targeted immigration enforcement operation against a criminal illegal alien," but "stopped upon reaching the property, determined the individual in question was not the target, and all agents departed the area."Dec.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/news/us-news/sydney-sweeney-american-eagle-campaign-rcna247738
Article: “In the past my stance has been to never respond to negative or positive press but recently I have come to realize that my silence regarding this issue has only widened the divide, not closed it.” “So, I hope this new year brings more focus on what connects us instead of what divides us,” she added. “My jeans are blue.” The blond-haired, blue-eyed actor’s play on the words “genes” and “jeans” drew fierce backlash, with some accusing American Eagle of promoting eugenics, “white supremacy” and “Nazi propaganda.” Sweeney told People, in an interview tied to her new movie “The Housemaid,” also starring Amanda Seyfried, that she “was honestly surprised by the reaction.” “I did it because I love the jeans and love the brand. I’m literally in jeans and a T-shirt every day of my life.” The journalist then noted that President Donald Trump praised Sweeney, who is a registered Republican, and the ad in a post on Truth Social, calling it the “‘HOTTEST’ ad out there,” and asked her what that was like. When the interviewer gave her another chance to address the backlash against the ad, Sweeney again declined to elaborate, saying: “When I have an issue that I want to speak about, people will hear.” She told People that she wants to take a different approach going forward. “I think this next year I want to be really intentional with showing people who I am and what I want, cause so many people can just get it wrong.” A representative for Sweeney did not immediately return a request for further comment.

Link: https://www.latimes.com/california/story/2025-12-06/eastside-santa-barbara-holiday-parade-canceled-ice-raid-fears
Article: “Although ICE raids may no longer dominate daily headlines, the threat to our Latino families documented or undocumented remains very real,” Santa Barbara Eastside Society, which organizes the parade, said in a statement. “The presence of immigration enforcement in our region, the fear it generates, and the uncertainty families continue to face are real, immediate, and deeply felt.” Advertisement For decades, the parade, originally scheduled this year for Dec. Parade organizers said “many longtime participants have shared that the level of fear and vulnerability they are experiencing makes joining a large public event feel unsafe.” “We understand why it’s important to have so many joyful moments,” said Jacqueline Inda, director of the Restorative Justice Education Center at La Casa de La Raza in Santa Barbara, whose group, which helps immigrant families in fear of deportation or those arrested by federal immigration agents, usually participates in the parade. “We know there are hundreds of people that are not going out of their homes if they [don’t] have to because of the fear of being spotted, reported or identified as a person participating in a more Latino or culturally sensitive event where they would normally do so without hesitation,” Inda said, noting that the reverberations of raids in July, as well as those that don’t make the evening news, continue to wreak havoc on families divided. Tere Jurado, the parade’s director, told the Santa Barbara Independent that the “choice follows many weeks of listening, truly listening, to families, parade participants, parade volunteers, local leaders and immigrant-rights partners who help us understand the lived experiences of our community.” In October, the Museum of Contemporary Art Santa Barbara canceled its Día de los Muertos parade, citing similar fears.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nfl/chicago-bears-caleb-williams-concerning-take-green-bay-packers-showdown-11169385
Article: Chicago Bears quarterback Caleb Williams is preparing to play in the biggest game of his life on Sunday, as the Bears will be battling the hated rival Green Bay Packers for NFC North supremacy. 1 seed in the NFC at 9-3, and while Williams has certainly had his moments, head coach Ben Johnson went as far to say that the team is winning "in spite" of the passing game. Read more: Report: Eagles Make Significant Change Before Facing Chargers That isn't exactly a ringing endorsement of the second-year signal-caller, and writers at The Athletic also don't seem to have much of a belief in Williams heading into the showdown at Lambeau Field. I like Green Bay in this one." Mike Sando of The Athletic added that Chicago is "definitely" winning despite its passing game, and fellow Athletic writer Jeff Howe noted that Williams is "still very much a work in progress." ... He hasn't shown much — if any — progression from last year, although he is definitely getting rid of the ball quicker (he was sacked 68 times last season compared to just 19 in 2025). Read more: Seahawks QB Sam Darnold Linked to Bizarre Potential Trade It's still entirely possible that Williams can become just that, but there is no doubt that his lack of progress has been disappointing, even if the Bears are inching closer and closer toward just their third playoff berth since 2011 and their first since 2020.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/ncaa/alabamas-kalen-deboer-makes-clear-case-for-cfp-after-loss-to-georgia-11169369
Article: The SEC Championship didn't go the way that Kalen DeBoer and the Alabama Crimson Tide wanted it to, with the Georgia Bulldogs staking their claim on the title en route to a likely first-round bye in the College Football Playoff. Following his team's loss, head coach DeBoer made a strong statement regarding his team's overall resume and claimed it should be enough to sway the committee to put them into the CFP. If you lose by one or you lose by more, it's still a loss, and that's what I was here to do," he told reporters postgame, adding, "We can't get worried about how much we lose by." "That's the way I looked at this game, and if this game applies to and takes away from our resume, I don't think that's right. I really don't," DeBoer said postgame, adding, "I think the precedent's been set, and I don't know how you can go into a conference playoff game when you're the No. 1 seed and did all these things throughout the year and playing in this game against one of the top teams in the country as well, how that can hurt you and keep you out of the playoff." Alabama’s loss to Georgia dropped its overall record to 10-3. With a major announcement coming on Selection Sunday for 12 teams, many analysts, coaches, and fans continue to contend that there needs to be significant changes to the CFP system.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nfl/philadelphia-eagles-significant-change-before-los-angeles-chargers-11169368
Article: The Philadelphia Eagles have lost two games in a row and have gone just 4-4 over their last eight, and much of their struggles can be attributed to their offensive malaise. ESPN's Jeremy Fowler has reported that head coach Nick Sirianni has been "more involved in offensive preparations" as the Eagles get ready to battle the Los Angeles Chargers in a pivotal Monday night matchup. Read more: Bears Could Dump Former Top Weapon in Depressing Trade Philadelphia got off to a 4-0 start on the campaign, but even then, things doesn't seem right, as Philly labored to find any sort of offensive consistency. With the regular season inching closer and closer to its end, the Eagles definitely need to rectify their issues now before the problems ultimately result in an early playoff exit.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nba/golden-state-warriors-steve-kerr-rips-into-two-players-11169366
Article: The Golden State Warriors and Steve Kerr have not been happy with the start to the season and held an 11-12 record entering Saturday night's matchup against the Cleveland Cavaliers. Read more: Boston Celtics Linked to Major Trade for $97 Million Big Man In his absence, it has been clear that Golden State will be in trouble if Curry is forced to miss more time. There is no question that the Warriors have the talent to compete in the West, but they need everyone to buy in and play their roles at a much higher level.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/how-to-watch-ufc-323-main-card-live-stream-dvalishvili-vs-yan-2-tv-channel-11169344
Article: How to Watch UFC 323: Dvalishvili vs Yan 2 Date: Saturday, December 6, 2025 Time: 10:00 PM ET WATCH NOW ) Stream: ESPN PPV ( This weekend’s UFC 323 in Las Vegas is headlined by a blockbuster rematch between Merab Dvalishvili and Petr Yan for the bantamweight title.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/ncaa/notre-dame-alabama-byu-miami-college-football-playoff-field-selection-11169160
Article: College football analyst Kirk Herbstreit won't have any say as to who makes the 12-team field for the 2025-26 College Football Playoff, but very few people are as plugged into the proceedings as the ESPN and Amazon Prime broadcaster. During his most recent broadcast on Saturday -- the SEC Championship Game between Georgia and Alabama -- Herbstreit predicted that the Bulldog's blowout victory over the Crimson Tide will ultimately prove bad news for the Notre Dame Fighting Irish. "And that's when the head-to-head would come in and favor Miami over Notre Dame." The Hurricanes bested the Fighting Irish 27-24 in South Florida in each team's opening game of the season. Herbstreit projected that BYU will slip after its big loss to Texas Tech, while Alabama will probably slot in next to Notre Dame in the rankings following the Crimson Tide's 21-point defeat to Georgia Saturday. That's what they have to figure out." Notre Dame earned a berth in the CFP last season and played its way into a spot in the title game, where the Fighting Irish fell to the Ohio State Buckeyes.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/ncaa/penn-state-spends-big-on-high-profile-matt-campbell-assistant-11169228
Article: After nearly two months of looking for James Franklin’s successor, the Penn State Nittany Lions finally locked up a new head coach, signing former Iowa State HC Matt Campbell to an eight-year contract. The deal ends weeks of flirtation between the school and several big-name candidates including BYU’s Kalani Sitake, Louisville’s Brian Brohm, and newly hired Kentucky head coach Will Stein plus rumored connections to Alabama head coach Kalen DeBoer and ex-New York Giants coach Brian Daboll. Somewhat lost in the shuffle is the fact that associate head coach/running backs coach Terry Smith, who went 3-3 in six games as interim head coach after Franklin was fired on Oct. On3’s Pete Nakos reported that Smith is staying on staff under Campbell, an according to a report from noted NFL insider Jordan Schultz, Penn State is set to make Smith the highest-paid non-coordinator in college football. Given how well-liked he is among student-athletes and the head-coaching interest he had from UConn and Memphis, retaining Smith was big for PSU, even if it isn’t in the role he was hoping. I think I’m a good leader, I think I’m a leader of men.” Among Smith’s top accomplishments after stepping in for Franklin was keeping four-star quarterback commit Peyton Falzone and four-star defensive lineman commit Jackson Ford from flipping to other schools.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/tigers-predicted-to-sign-ace-to-7-year-154m-deal-despite-yankees-buzz-11168983
Article: "The Tigers might lose Skubal (see below) and are waiting on the return of Jackson Jobe from Tommy John surgery, but they get a top-shelf arm to help them make another run at a World Series," Bowden wrote.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/how-to-watch-auburn-vs-arizona-live-stream-ncaa-college-basketball-tv-channel-11165850
Article: How to Watch Auburn vs Arizona When: Saturday, December 6, 2025 Time: 10:00 PM ET TV Channel: ESPN try for free ) Live Stream: Fubo ( Auburn took care of business on Wednesday night, overcoming 20 turnovers with 59.1% shooting and hitting 12-of-22 from 3-point range to beat visiting NC State 83-73 in an ACC/SEC Challenge matchup. Kevin Overton went off for 29 points and nine rebounds, hitting 6-of-9 from deep, while Keyshawn Hall finished with 28 points and 10 boards while knocking down 5-of-7 from beyond the arc. Arizona comes off a 24-13 season that ended with a loss to Duke in the Sweet Sixteen, while Auburn had a coaching change, with Steven Pearl taking over from his father, Bruce, after finishing 32-6 with a loss to eventual national champion Florida in the Final Four.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nfl/vikings-announce-new-quarterback-signing-before-commanders-game-11169323
Article: The former Wake Forest quarterback appeared in seven games for the Los Angeles Rams from 2020-22, completing 58.7% of his pass attempts for 626 yards, one touchdowns and five interceptions.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/phillies-star-projected-to-bolt-for-6-year-164m-deal-after-nlds-exit-11168919
Article: "They can’t waste the primes of players like Gunnar Henderson and Jackson Holliday by failing to build a strong rotation." The Orioles neglected their pitching staff last offseason, and it came back to bite them. It would be a bit of an out-of-character move for Baltimore, but it's the kind of signing that would help them close the gap in the loaded American League East.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/mlb/blue-jays-32-million-hurler-waived-outrighted-to-triple-a-11168877
Article: The Toronto Blue Jays are pulling out all the stops to win a championship next year, and constructing the best possible roster usually results in certain players getting left behind. Though he remains in the organization for now, there's no doubt that his future as a Blue Jay is in significant doubt now that the club already showed a willingness to lose him for nothing. He fell out of favor among the team's high-leverage relievers by the time the playoffs rolled around, however, and he gave up three earned runs on a pair of homers in his 2 2/3 innings in this year's postseason. According to Mitch Bannon of The Athletic, Rodríguez could either be traded or, if he's not, he could stay and compete to reclaim his spot on the 40-man and 26-man rosters during spring training. The move proves that prior financial commitments won't stop the Blue Jays from building what they believe is the perfect roster for the upcoming season, but it's also not impossible that Rodríguez could work his way back to being a part of that roster.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nfl/bills-wr-punished-by-nfl-before-bengals-clash-11168870
Article: The NFL states on their website that they issue these fines "to protect players from unnecessary risk and preserve competitive balance and game integrity." More NFL news: Bills Bolster Struggling Secondary With Addition of All-Pro CB ... More NFL news: Chiefs’ Patrick Mahomes Had Honest Conversation With Coaching Staff For Week 13, the NFL announced that Bills wide receiver Gabe Davis was fined $6,500 fine for unnecessary roughness (use of a helmet). The funds raised from those fines will go to the Professional Athletes Foundation to "support legends in need and the NFL Foundation to further support the health, safety and wellness of athletes across all levels, including youth football and the communities that support the game," according to the NFL.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/ncaa/browns-make-controversial-decision-on-deshaun-watsons-nfl-future-11169273
Article: Back in March 2022, Watson signed a massive five-year, $230 million fully guaranteed contract, which at this point is nearly unmovable across the league, given his injury history and inconsistent performance in Cleveland. According to ESPN’s Adam Schefter, “Though quarterback Deshaun Watson is unlikely to play this season, the Cleveland Browns are planning to have him on their roster next season.” Schefter added, “There are varied reasons the team expects Watson back next season, with money being a factor. Moving on from him would be costly, as the Browns would incur a dead salary cap charge of close to $135 million if they released him before June 1 and a $53 million cap charge if he were designated a post-June 1 cap casualty.” More news: Browns QB Shedeur Sanders’ Popularity Tops All NFL Players in New Ranking More news: Chiefs’ New Update is Brutal News for Patrick Mahomes "I appreciate how they are leaning into the worst contract in NFL history lol," a fan said. Someone else added, "This shows that they’re not confident in the young guys that they drafted." Another person wrote, "another year, another set of controversies for the Browns." "Worst trade AND contract in History for all sports included!!!" One more fan commented.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/red-sox-star-projected-to-sign-huge-6-year-182-million-deal-with-al-club-11168625
Article: The Red Sox might not want to give Bregman a six- or seven-year contract that will take him past his prime, while a few desperate teams might be willing to do so. If they sign Bregman, would he become the first in over 100 years?" Bregman should be among the Red Sox's top priorities, but they could also pursue a slugger like Pete Alonso to take his spot in the lineup.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/nation-world/katy-perry-justin-trudeau-japan-selfies-relationship/507-4d6f2b0f-f9b5-4ae0-a205-8a077f6f25c8
Article: The two also had lunch with the former Japanese Prime Minister Fumio Kishida and his wife, where Kishida called Perry Trudeau's "partner." The four took a photo together in front of a Christmas tree, which Kishida posted to X.

Link: https://abc13.com/post/fifa-houston-matches-are-countries-coming-town-world-cup-2026/18258784/
Article: Watch Eyewitness News and ABC13 originals around the clock Watch Eyewitness News and ABC13 originals around the clock Watch Eyewitness News and ABC13 originals around the clock Watch Eyewitness News and ABC13 originals around the clock HOUSTON, Texas (KTRK) -- Heads up, H-Town!

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/7/supporters-of-venezuelas-machado-rally-in-cities-around-the-world?traffic_source=rss
Article: Supporters of Venezuelan opposition leader Maria Corina Machado have rallied in countries around the world to celebrate her Nobel Peace Prize win ahead of Wednesday’s award ceremony Thousands of people marched through Madrid, Utrecht, Buenos Aires, Lima, Brisbane and other cities on Saturday in support of 58-year-old Machado, who won the Nobel award for her struggle to achieve a democratic transition in Venezuela. With the country’s yellow, blue and red flag draped over their backs or emblazoned on their caps, demonstrators clutched posters that read, “The Nobel Prize is from Venezuela.” Veronica Duran, a 41-year-old Venezuelan who has lived in Lima for eight years, said Machado’s Nobel Peace Prize is celebrated because “it represents all Venezuelans, the fallen and the political prisoners in their fight to recover democracy”. In Colombia, a group of Venezuelans gathered in the capital, Bogota, wearing white T-shirts and carrying balloons as part of a religious ceremony in which supporters asked that the Nobel Peace Prize “be a symbol of hope” for the Venezuelan people. Meanwhile, in Argentina’s capital of Buenos Aires, some 500 people gathered on the steps of the law school at the country’s largest university, improvising a torchlit march with their mobile phones. Advertisement “We Venezuelans in the world have a smile today, because we celebrate the Nobel Prize of María Corina and of the entire Venezuelan diaspora, and of all the brave people within Venezuela who have sacrificed themselves… we have so many martyrs, heroes of the resistance,” said Nancy Hoyer, a 60-year-old supporter. The gatherings come at a critical point in the country’s protracted crisis as the administration of United States President Donald Trump builds up a massive military deployment in the Caribbean, threatening repeatedly to strike Venezuelan soil. Maduro claimed a re-election victory last year in a national ballot that the US and other Western governments dismissed as a sham, and which independent observers said the opposition won overwhelmingly. Meanwhile, Machado went into hiding and has not been seen in public since January 9, when she was briefly detained after joining supporters in what ended up being an underwhelming protest in Caracas, Venezuela’s capital. “Times when our country needs even more dedication, because now, all these years of struggle, the dignity of the Venezuelan people, have been recognised with the Nobel Peace Prize.” Machado won the award on October 10 for keeping “the flame of democracy burning amid a growing darkness”.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/7/japan-accuses-chinese-jets-of-directing-fire-control-radar-at-its-aircraft?traffic_source=rss
Article: Japanese Minister of Defence Shinjiro Koizumi has accused Chinese fighter jets of directing their fire-control radar at Japanese aircraft during two separate incidents over international waters near the island of Okinawa. In a post on X early on Sunday, Koizumi said that Tokyo has lodged a “strong protest” about the two incidents and made “a stern demand for measures to prevent recurrence”. They came as relations between the two countries sour over Japanese Prime Minister Sanae Takaichi declaring in November that Tokyo could respond to Chinese military action against Taiwan if the moves also threatened Japan’s security. Japan hosts the biggest overseas concentration of United States military power, including warships, aircraft and troops, with a big chunk of that contingent, including thousands of US Marines, based in Okinawa. Advertisement According to Koizumi, the Chinese J-15 jets involved in the two incidents on Saturday were launched from China’s Liaoning aircraft carrier, which was manoeuvring south of the Okinawan islands along with three missile destroyers. Taiwan’s coastguard said on Sunday that it was monitoring drills by three Chinese maritime safety ships on the western side of the Taiwan Strait’s median line, but said the situation in the waters surrounding Taiwan was currently “normal”.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/local/tarrant-county/tarrant-county-commissioner-alisa-simmons-announces-run-county-judge/287-cf32a769-15f1-4556-bc3b-88e10be5bd55
Article: Simmons and her fellow commissioner Roderick Miles had alleged the redistricting efforts were "dangerous" and "racially motivated." The new map also drew legal challenges from residents similarly alleging racial gerrymandering, but those have been dropped or dismissed, as KERA reports. O'Hare, in another post on social media following Simmons' campaign announcement, alleged Simmons "turned the Commissioners Court into a stage for petulant tantrums and ideological extremism," and touted his record on taxes and public safety.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/7/hong-kong-votes-in-patriots-only-polls-amid-anger-over-deadly-fire?traffic_source=rss
Article: Voters in Hong Kong are heading to the polls to elect new lawmakers under China’s “patriots only” rules, though government efforts to drive turnout have been overshadowed by anger over the city’s handling of a major deadly fire. Political campaigning for the polls was abruptly paused in late November, after a blaze tore through the housing blocks of Wang Fuk Court in northern Hong Kong, killing at least 159 people. Al Jazeera’s Laura Westbrook, reporting from Hong Kong, said “there had been some questions” whether the voting should go ahead in light of the tragedy, believed to be the world’s deadliest residential building fire since 1980. “But Hong Kong’s chief executive, John Lee, said the vote should go ahead, as a way to maintain stability, and that he needed the newly elected legislature to help push through reforms as well as ensure the recovery and reconstruction efforts can move ahead quickly,” Westbrook said.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nfl/broncos-nick-bonitto-punishment-commanders-raiders-11169365
Article: Denver Broncos star pass-rusher Nick Bonitto is facing a fine from the NFL for his actions late in the first half of his team's narrow Week 13 victory over the Washington Commanders. The league Office of Gameday Accountability levied a fine of $11,593 against Bonitto on Saturday for unnecessary roughness, which stemmed from his choice of "pulling a player off the pile" during a scrum with a little more than two minutes remaining in the second quarter. Bonitto, who is among the best edge-defenders in football this season, finished the game in Washington with three tackles, including one tackle for loss, one sack and one quarterback hit. The Pro Bowler and second-team All-Pro in 2024 has tallied 22 QB hits, 10.5 sacks and 10 tackles for loss across 12 games played this season on a defense that is among the best in the NFL. Bonitto and the Broncos defense have led Denver to a 10-2 record, which is good enough for a two-game lead in the AFC West Division over the Los Angeles Chargers heading into Week 14. A win is critical for the Broncos if they hope to secure a first-round bye and home-field advantage throughout the AFC playoffs, as the team plays the Chiefs, who are .500, and three teams with winning records (Packers, Jaguars and Chargers) to finish out the year.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/ncaa/former-alabama-players-no-college-football-playoff-11169399
Article: 1 seed and did all these things throughout the year and playing in this game against one of the top teams in the country as well, how that can hurt you and keep you out of the playoff." ... While DeBoer made his case for the Crimson Tide to get a favorable ranking by the committee on Sunday, a couple of former Alabama players argued the program didn't deserve to make the CFP after a lopsided loss to Georgia. This Alabama team, specifically the offense, it did not look playoff caliber, straight up and down." On the Fox broadcast Saturday night, former Alabama running back Mark Ingram II argued No.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/ncaa/diego-pavias-heisman-odds-surge-after-julian-sayin-fernando-mendoza-struggles-11169398
Article: Pavia has been outspoken about Vanderbilt deserving a College Football Playoff bid, and while that still feels unlikely, he’s firmly in the Heisman Trophy race — especially after the first half of the Big Ten Championship between No. More news: Patrick Mahomes Sends Message to Texas Tech After Big 12 Championship Win More news: Nick Saban, Kirk Herbstreit in Agreement on 1 CFP Change That Needs to Happen Pavia entered the season as a major long shot to win the Heisman — listed at +2000 on DraftKings Sportsbook. And while things could still change as the Big Ten title game plays out, especially if Sayin or Mendoza deliver a big moment in a tight game, Pavia now looks like a near lock to at least earn a trip to New York as a finalist, which is an incredible accomplishment on its own.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/nation-world/powerball-saturday-dec-6-winning-numbers/507-6e8303bc-cbaf-492b-aa8f-0311cb10baaf
Article: The prize, an estimated $378.2 million in cash, has grown to become the second-largest Powerball jackpot this year, though the prize pales in comparison to September's historic drawing, when two tickets sold in Missouri and Texas split a $1.8 billion jackpot — the second-largest U.S. This year has seen three major Powerball wins: the record $1.787 billion September prize, a $526.5 million jackpot claimed in California in March and a $328.5 million prize won in Oregon in January.

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/12/06/nx-s1-5634765/putin-finds-a-warm-welcome-in-india
Article: It was Putin's first visit to India since the war in Ukraine started, and the talks come at a time when Washington has been pressuring Indian companies to avoid buying Russian oil if they want to continue doing business in the United States. Prime Minister Modi now faces a tough balancing act between India's strategic ties with Moscow - India's biggest arms supplier - and managing trade tensions with the United States, which is the country's largest commercial partner. And India, in turn, in large part is acting out of a peak because of the rift that has emerged between India and the United States because of President Trump's draconian tariffs of 50% on India, in part because of India's purchase of Russian oil, and also Trump's irritation that India refused to publicly acknowledge the putative role that Trump played in settling a recent skirmish between India and Pakistan. GANGULY: Well, India is insisting that it can pursue the strategy of what India calls multialignment, that we are not going to be friends with one particular country at the cost of friendship with another. Despite the turbulence and the difficulties it is encountering at the moment because of the differences between Trump and Modi, I do not see this relationship becoming a completely sterile one in the foreseeable future.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/ncaa/ohio-state-buckeyes-ryan-day-regret-loss-indiana-11169462
Article: Ryan Day and the Ohio State Buckeyes suffered their first loss of the season on Saturday night, falling in the Big Ten championship game to the Indiana Hoosiers by a final score of 13-10.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/ncaa/byu-publicly-calls-out-kirk-herbstreit-over-cfp-statement-11169442
Article: More Football: Vikings Announce New Quarterback Signing Before Commanders Game Alabama suffered a blowout loss in the SEC championship game, falling to Georgia with a 28-7 final score in Atlanta.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/entertainment-news/landman-renewed-third-season/287-1bd1941f-8778-4b96-a7f9-a4e5db189f33
Article: Set in the proverbial oil boomtowns of West Texas, "Landman" is “an upstairs/downstairs story of roughnecks and wildcat billionaires fueling a boom so big, it’s reshaping our climate, our economy, and our geopolitics.” The show is based on the 11-part podcast series “Boomtown.” "Landman" is co-created by Sheridan and Christian Wallace and produced by Paramount Television Studios, 101 Studios and Sheridan’s Bosque Ranch Productions. Sheridan's SGS Studios, in collaboration with Paramount, and Hillwood announced in August plans for a 450,000-square-foot TV and film production facility in the 27,000-acre AllianceTexas development in north Fort Worth near Perot Field Fort Worth Alliance Airport.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/pearl-harbor-survivors-alive-people-turn-ways-learn-128182150
Article: Survivors of the 1941 Japanese bombing of Pearl Harbor have long been the center of a remembrance ceremony held each year on the military base’s waterfront Soon no Pearl Harbor survivors will be alive. People turn to other ways to learn about the bombing FILE - Pearl Harbor survivor Archie Odom, of Federal Way, Wash., salutes during a moment of silence in Pearl Harbor, Hawaii, Dec. (AP Photo/John Gaps III, File) HONOLULU -- Survivors of the 1941 Japanese bombing of Pearl Harbor have long been the center of a remembrance ceremony held each year on the military base’s waterfront. But today only 12 are still alive — all centenarians — and this year none is able to make the pilgrimage to Hawaii to mark the event, scheduled for Sunday. “The idea of not having a survivor there for the first time — I just, I don’t know — it hurt my heart in a way I can’t describe,” said Kimberlee Heinrichs, whose 105-year-old father Ira “Ike” Schab had to cancel plans to fly in from Oregon after falling ill. Survivors have been present every year in recent memory except for 2020, when the Navy and the National Park Service closed the observance to the general public because of coronavirus pandemic health risks. Survivors rise to salute active duty sailors who themselves salute as their ship passes the USS Arizona Memorial, which sits above submerged hull of the battleship sunk in the attack. In 2023, Harry Chandler gazed across the water while telling an Associated Press reporter how he was raising the flag at a mobile hospital in the hills above the base when he saw Japanese planes fly in and drop bombs. Rosenberg wrote in her book “A Date Which Will Live: Pearl Harbor in American Memory.” Some say it highlights the need for a well-prepared military and a vigilant foreign policy. Lou Conter, who was the Arizona's last living survivor when he died last year at 102, told the AP in 2019 he liked to attend to remember those who lost their lives. The former tuba player on the USS Dobbin likes to go not only to remember those killed but also in place of his late band mates; his three brothers who fought in World War II; and the now-deceased Pearl Harbor survivors he has met. The Park Service shows some in its Pearl Harbor museum and aims to include more after renovations, said David Kilton, the agency's Pearl Harbor interpretation, education and visitor services lead.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/winning-numbers-drawn-saturdays-powerball-128181664
Article: The winning numbers in Saturday evening’s drawing of the "Powerball" game were: 13-14-26-28-44, Powerball: 7 The Associated Press By The Associated Press The winning numbers in Saturday evening’s drawing of the "Powerball" game were: 13-14-26-28-44, Powerball: 7, Power Play: 2 (thirteen, fourteen, twenty-six, twenty-eight, forty-four, Powerball: seven, Power Play: two) Estimated jackpot: $841 million For more lottery results, go to Jackpot.com | Order Lottery Tickets

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/handloom-weavers-iconic-tangail-saree-bangladesh-seek-unesco-128181307
Article: Handloom weavers of iconic Tangail saree in Bangladesh seek UNESCO heritage status for their craft A shuttle holding the weft thread is seen on a hand-operated loom, which is used to create the renowned Tangail sarees at a traditional weaving workshop in Tangail District, Bangladesh, Nov. (AP Photo/Mahmud Hossain Opu) A shuttle holding the weft thread is seen on a hand-operated loom, which is used to create the renowned Tangail sarees at a traditional weaving workshop in Tangail District, Bangladesh, Nov. (AP Photo/Mahmud Hossain Opu) TANGAIL, Bangladesh -- The weavers’ neighborhood near Dhaka echoes with the constant clatter of the looms with rhythmic hand movements as the artisans use colorful silk and cotton threads to weave the iconic Tangail saree.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/russias-africa-corps-fights-mali-witnesses-describe-atrocities-128182024
Article: The Associated Press has spoken to over 30 refugees from Mali who say they witnessed beheadings, rapes and other abuses committed by Africa Corps, a new military unit under Russia's direct command A mother holds the clenched hand of her daughter, who has not unclenched it in the eight months since fleeing mercenaries in Mali and finding refuge in Douankara, Mauritania, Saturday, Nov. (AP Photo/Caitlin Kelly) A mother holds the clenched hand of her daughter, who has not unclenched it in the eight months since fleeing mercenaries in Mali and finding refuge in Douankara, Mauritania, Saturday, Nov. (AP Photo/Caitlin Kelly) DOUANKARA, Mauritania -- A new Russian military unit that replaced the Wagner mercenary group is carrying out abuses including rapes and beheadings as it teams up with Mali 's military to hunt down extremists, dozens of civilians who fled the fighting have told The Associated Press. Two refugees showed videos of villages burned by the “white men.” Two others said they found bodies of loved ones with liver and kidneys missing, an abuse the AP previously reported around Wagner. But Russian state media in recent weeks have published reports from Mali, praising Africa Corps for defending the country from “terrorists," and Russia's Foreign Ministry has confirmed that the unit is active “at the request of the Malian authorities,” providing ground escorts, search-and-rescue operations and other work. “We are hoping she will get here at some point.” Experts say it's impossible to know how many people are being killed and assaulted in Mali, especially in remote areas, while journalists and aid workers have increasingly limited access to the country. But “it is sometimes difficult to really pinpoint who are the perpetrators." Civilians, under pressure from both the militants and the Africa Corps and Malian fighters, are “between a rock and a hard place,” said Heni Nsaibia from the Armed Conflict Location & Event Data Project, or ACLED. Moscow began developing the Africa Corps as a rival to Wagner after its leader Yevgeny Prigozhin was killed in a plane crash in 2023 following his brief armed rebellion in Russia that challenged the rule of President Vladimir Putin. While civilian deaths blamed on the Russians have dropped this year — 447 so far compared with 911 last year — the numbers might not reflect the full scale, Nsaibia said: “People are more scared to report, in order to avoid putting their own safety on the line." Fewer outsiders are watching. Human Rights Council in March, noting that “the escalation of serious human rights violations and abuses by all actors is accelerating due to impunity.” When Wagner announced its departure from Mali, some refugees decided to return home. “Despite the rebranding, there is striking continuity in personnel, commanders, tactics and even insignia between Wagner and Africa Corps,” said Lindsay Freeman, senior director of international accountability at the UC Berkeley School of Law's Human Rights Center, which has monitored the conflict in Mali. “That means any war crimes committed by Africa Corps in Mali are, in principle, attributable to the Russian government under the rules on state responsibility.” When white men came to the village of Kurmare less than a month ago, Fatma said everyone fled but her.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/hong-kong-votes-legislative-election-after-deadly-fire-128179150
Article: Hong Kong voters are casting ballots Sunday in their second legislative election since a 2021 overhaul eliminated the pro-democracy opposition By KANIS LEUNG Associated Press and KEN MORITSUGU Associated Press People read the candidates information at a polling station near the site of the fire at Wang Fuk Court in the Tai Po district during the Legislative Council General Election in Hong Kong on Sunday, Dec. (AP Photo/Chan Long Hei) People read the candidates information at a polling station near the site of the fire at Wang Fuk Court in the Tai Po district during the Legislative Council General Election in Hong Kong on Sunday, Dec. (AP Photo/Chan Long Hei) HONG KONG -- Hong Kong voters are casting ballots Sunday in their second legislative election since a 2021 overhaul of the system eliminated the pro-democracy opposition in the Chinese territory. The poll, coming less than two weeks after an apartment fire that killed at least 159 people, is a possible test of public sentiment about the government's handling of the tragedy. “They will certainly work with the government to promote reforms, diligently review funding, and draft relevant laws.” Many of the city's 4.1 million eligible voters, especially democracy supporters, have turned away from politics since a crackdown that followed massive anti-government protests in 2019. A fall in turnout would show that even some government supporters are staying away, said John Burns, an honorary professor of politics and public administration at the University of Hong Kong.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/fire-popular-nightclub-indias-goa-state-kills-25-128179848
Article: Officials say at least 25 people, including tourists, have been killed in a fire at a popular nightclub in India’s Goa state Fire at popular nightclub in India's Goa state kills at least 25, officials say NEW DELHI -- At least 25 people, including tourists, were killed in a fire at a popular nightclub in India’s Goa state, the state’s chief minister said Sunday. It said at least 100 people were on the club’s dance floor when the fire broke out and several rushed to the kitchen below in the chaos and got trapped along with staff. The nightclub, located along the Arpora river backwaters, had a narrow entry and exit that forced the fire brigades to park their tankers about 400 meters away, the news agency said. Local village council official Roshan Redkar told the news agency that authorities had earlier issued a demolition notice for the club as it had no construction permit from the government. The state government has ordered an inquiry into the incident to determine the exact cause of the fire and whether fire safety norms and building regulations were followed, Sawant said.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/takeaways-aps-investigation-russias-africa-corps-mali-128182208
Article: Refugees from Mali have told The Associated Press that a new Russian military unit, Africa Corps, is committing abuses like rapes and beheadings A mother holds the clenched hand of her daughter, who has not unclenched it in the eight months since fleeing mercenaries in Mali and finding refuge in Douankara, Mauritania, Saturday, Nov. (AP Photo/Caitlin Kelly) A mother holds the clenched hand of her daughter, who has not unclenched it in the eight months since fleeing mercenaries in Mali and finding refuge in Douankara, Mauritania, Saturday, Nov. Senegal -- Dozens of people who have fled Mali tell The Associated Press that a new Russian military unit that replaced the Wagner mercenary group this year is carrying out abuses, including rapes and beheadings, as it teams up with Mali’s military to hunt down extremists. The military governments of Mali, Burkina Faso and Niger in recent years have turned from Western allies to Russia for help combating the fighters affiliated with al-Qaida or the Islamic State group. Previous AP reporting has tracked social media channels, likely administered by Wagner members, that shared images of men in military uniform butchering corpses of what appear to be Malian civilians, hacking out organs and posing with severed limbs. People don’t even know why they are being killed.” He added: “There is no difference between Wagner and Africa Corps.” Malian authorities never publicly acknowledged Wagner’s presence, and have not acknowledged Africa Corps. But Russian state media in recent weeks have published reports from Mali praising Africa Corps for defending the country from “terrorists," and Russia’s Foreign Ministry has confirmed that the unit is active “at the request of the Malian authorities,” providing ground escorts, search-and-rescue operations and other work. Moscow began developing the Africa Corps as a rival to Wagner after its leader Yevgeny Prigozhin was killed in a plane crash in 2023 following his brief armed rebellion in Russia that challenged the rule of President Vladimir Putin. But “it is sometimes difficult to really pinpoint who are the perpetrators.” Civilians, under pressure from both the militants and the Africa Corps and Malian fighters, are “between a rock and a hard place,” said Heni Nsaibia from the Armed Conflict Location & Event Data Project. But if you tell them, the jihadists will find you and kill you.” Legal experts said the shift from Wagner to Africa Corps makes the Russian government directly accountable for its military unit's actions. “Despite the rebranding, there is striking continuity in personnel, commanders, tactics and even insignia between Wagner and Africa Corps,” said Lindsay Freeman, senior director of international accountability at the UC Berkeley School of Law’s Human Rights Center, which has monitored the conflict in Mali.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/7/hope-flags-fireworks-as-syria-starts-to-celebrate-a-year-without-al-assad?traffic_source=rss
Article: He arrived just more than a week before people from all over the country gathered to celebrate the operation that stormed Damascus and forced Bashar al-Assad to flee, in the early hours of the morning, to Moscow. Few expected that the severe US sanctions on Syria would be removed, especially with Ahmed al-Sharaa, a man once with a US ransom on his head, leading the new government. Green, white and black But a few days before masses descend on Umayyad Square for a large celebration, it is clear how meaningful removing the regime was to so many Syrians. Outside the Umayyad Mosque, children’s faces are painted with the vertical green, white and black blocks, while in Marjeh Square, locals unpacked a bag of flags to sell or distribute. Celebrations started Friday afternoon as thousands of young men and women in minivans or on scooters headed to the city’s historic roundabout, where the wreckage from an Israeli strike on the Ministry of Defence in July is still visible. “We were oppressed, but now our sadness has been released.” Advertisement The celebrations carried on – with cars honking and fireworks exploding – until the early hours of Saturday morning. Many in Syria will be in attendance, carrying the memories of the years of hardship under al-Assad still fresh in their minds, and hopes that the future might be a little bit better in their hearts. Standing in Umayyad Square on Friday, Rahma al-Taha, a lawyer, said the early days following liberation lacked security, but that slowly, over the last year, the situation had been improving. “Everything is better, and every month we’re seeing new things,” she said, expressing a feeling that many Syrians told Al Jazeera hadn’t existed during the days of the al-Assad regime.

Link: https://www.latimes.com/california/story/2025-12-06/social-worker-stabbed-in-attack-at-san-francisco-general-hospital-dies
Article: A social worker died Saturday from wounds sustained in a knife attack at Zuckerberg San Francisco General Hospital and Trauma Center earlier in the week, raising concerns over safety at the hospital. The union representing the victim has been, “sounding the alarm about critical safety issues at San Francisco General Hospital for years,” said University Professional and Technical Employees President Dan Russell in a statement. Advertisement He said union members “are devastated to learn of the death of a remarkable, compassionate, and dedicated social worker, who was beloved by their family, friends, colleagues, and fellow union members.” Tortolero Arriechi, 34, was at the hospital for a scheduled appointment and had reportedly made threats beforehand to a doctor, according to the San Francisco Sheriff‘s Office. Tortolero Arriechi was arrested shortly after the attack and booked into San Francisco County Jail on suspicion of attempted murder, assault with a deadly weapon, mayhem and being armed during the commission of a felony .

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Lifestyle/video/real-cost-christmas-128177311
Article: The real cost of Christmas Certified financial planner Shannah Game joins ABC News Live to discuss how families can create more joy this Christmas while keeping their budgets in check.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/GMA/Culture/video/stepping-world-avatar-james-cameron-cast-128168821
Article: Stepping into the world of Avatar with James Cameron and cast ABC News' Ginger Zee went behind the scenes in the studio with an exclusive look at how James Cameron and crew transform human actors into avatars.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Entertainment/video/biggest-takeaways-2026-fifa-world-cup-draw-128163608
Article: The biggest takeaways from the 2026 FIFA World Cup draw ESPN soccer reporter Jeff Carlisle spoke to ABC News' Stephanie Ramos about the 2026 FIFA World Cup draw, the groups to look out for and the outlook for the United States' group.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/GMA/GMA3/video/james-cameron-talks-avatar-fire-ash-128113019
Article: James Cameron talks 'Avatar: Fire and Ash' The filmmaker shares what fans can expect from the film, which critics are calling an epic immersive visual feast that must be seen in theaters.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/video/big-cats-rescued-world-find-home-england-128134825
Article: Big cats rescued around the world find home in England Lions, tigers and other big cats are settling into a new sanctuary in Kent, England, after being rescued from around the globe.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/GMA/Living/video/fundraiser-created-veteran-retire-pay-medical-bills-128102434
Article: Fundraiser created to help veteran retire and pay medical bills Military veteran Ed Bambas is waking up as a millionaire after a social media influencer launched an online GoFundMe fundraiser to help him retire and pay off his medical bills.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/GMA/News/video/waymos-caught-camera-passing-loading-school-buses-texas-128102944
Article: Waymos caught on camera passing loading school buses in Texas An investigation is underway by the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration after more than a dozen driverless taxes were caught on camera passing school buses.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/WNT/video/david-muir-shares-pennsylvania-homes-christmas-light-reveal-128092164
Article: David Muir shares Pennsylvania home's Christmas light reveal that left kids in awe David Muir reports on the father in Lancaster, Pennsylvania, who spent the entire day decorating his house, with a little help from mom, to surprise the kids with Christmas lights.

Link: https://www.morningbrew.com/stories/the-diy-gift-guide?utm_source=&utm_medium=syndication&utm_campaign=feed
Article: If you’re looking for a more heartfelt gift and have the patience to fiddle with chunky yarn or peruse the cluttered shelves of your local thrift store, you might even make it to New Year’s without having to declare an “I won’t blow my budget next time” resolution. Here are some ideas for DIY gifts on a scale of “casual crafter” to “textile expert.” Thrift flips There are no fewer than three mentions of butter in this gift guide, but it’s hard to ignore one of the most legendary ingredients of the holiday season. For those who know how to thread a bobbin Reworked hoodies can go for over $100 on sites like Etsy, and while the patchwork versions can be challenging for beginner sewers, those with underlay applique are a bit more forgiving. Wild cards: If you want to give someone a gift they can DIT (do it themselves), try this moss rug-making kit or this book about dyeing fabric and materials with food scraps.—MM

Link: https://abc7.com/post/national-park-service-drops-free-admission-mlk-day-juneteenth-adding-trumps-birthday/18259570/
Article: The new list of free admission days for Americans is the latest example of the Trump administration downplaying America's civil rights history while also promoting the president's image, name and legacy. "The raw & rank racism here stinks to high heaven," Harvard Kennedy School professor Cornell William Brooks, a former president of the NAACP, wrote on social media about the new policy. Kristen Brengel, a spokesperson for the National Parks Conservation Association, said that while presidential administrations have tweaked the free days in the past, the elimination of Martin Luther King Jr. "The President didn't just add his own birthday to the list, he removed both of these holidays that mark Black Americans' struggle for civil rights and freedom," said Democratic Sen. Since taking office, Trump has sought to eliminate programs seen as promoting diversity across the federal government, actions that have erased or downplayed America's history of racism as well as the civil rights victories of Black Americans.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/7/what-has-germanys-position-been-on-israels-genocide-in-gaza?traffic_source=rss
Article: Merz, who has said he does not consider Israel’s actions in Gaza to be genocide, is scheduled to meet Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu on Sunday to discuss bilateral relations, the ceasefire in Gaza, and other matters. Germany’s weapons sales to Israel According to the Stockholm International Peace Research Institute (SIPRI), between 2019 and 2023, the US was the largest supplier of arms to Israel, providing 69 percent of military equipment, while Germany was the second-largest, supplying about 30 percent. Since 2003, Germany has sold 3.3 billion euros’ ($3.8bn) worth of arms to Israel, primarily exporting naval equipment, including the Sa’ar 6 corvettes, which were used to attack Gaza and enforce a naval blockade. Advertisement Additionally, Germany has sold a wide range of smaller munitions; the German-built “Matador” shoulder-fired rocket launcher has been used by the Israeli army since 2009, as well as missiles and engines for tanks and other armoured vehicles. This transfer grants Germany independent access to this advanced military asset and represents the country’s first major procurement contract following the reassessment of defence capabilities prompted by Russia’s invasion of Ukraine in 2022. The agreement, which was signed just more than two years ago and constitutes Israel’s largest-ever defence export deal, is valued at more than 3.6 billion euros ($4.2bn), and includes launch systems, munitions and radar. At the time, Merz emphasised that Germany could no longer ignore the worsening toll on Gaza civilians while continuing to support what he described as Israel’s “right to defend itself” and the need for the release of captives held by Hamas. On November 24, Germany ended the weapons export restrictions, saying Gaza had now “stabilised” following the ceasefire, but added that the decision was subject to the observance of the ceasefire and the large-scale provision of humanitarian aid. Speaking at the Doha Forum on Saturday, Qatar’s Prime Minister Sheikh Mohammed bin Abdulrahman bin Jassim Al Thani warned that the Gaza ceasefire is at a “critical moment” and could unravel without rapid movement towards a permanent peace deal. Germany protests for Israel and Palestine In the days following the October 7, 2023 attacks, Olaf Scholz, Germany’s former chancellor, became the first leader of a G7 nation to visit Israel, where he emphasised its “right to defend itself”. It frequently abstains from votes to prevent isolating Israel entirely, while aligning with the international community by voting “yes” on issues that support its commitment to the two-state solution and international law.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/sports/2025/12/7/lionel-messi-inter-miami-defeat-vancouver-to-win-first-mls-cup-title?traffic_source=rss
Article: Inter Miami secured their first Major League Soccer (MLS) Cup crown on Saturday, beating the Vancouver Whitecaps 3–1 at Chase Stadium as Rodrigo De Paul and Tadeo Allende struck late from a pair of Lionel Messi assists. Despite Thomas Mueller driving a Vancouver side that controlled long stretches and created the better chances, the final ultimately swung on the Argentinian’s influence, as he secured his first MLS league title and capped his finest season on United States soil. Miami opened the scoring in the eighth minute when Messi slipped Allende into space and the winger’s low cross deflected off Vancouver defender Edier Ocampo and into his own net. Vancouver kept control of the ball after the break and finally made it count on the hour mark when Ali Ahmed drove into the box and fired a low shot that Rios Novo reached but could not keep out, the ball rolling over the line to bring the visitors level. Miami restored their lead in the 71st minute when Messi pounced on a loose Vancouver touch and slid the ball across the box for Rodrigo De Paul, who swept his finish past Yohei Takaoka to cap the move with trademark composure. The hosts sealed the title deep into stoppage time when Messi threaded a pass to Allende, prompting emotional scenes with Jordi Alba in tears as he and Sergio Busquets – longtime friends and former Barcelona teammates – closed out their final match. They are two friends whom I love very much, and I am happy that they can leave with this title.” Joy for Beckham David Beckham, the club’s co-owner and longtime architect of Miami’s project, joined the on-field celebrations after the final whistle. The team stuck together, and they’ve done that all year.” He added that the path to the title had been anything but smooth: “There were a lot of sleepless nights.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/7/sri-lanka-landslides-feared-as-toll-hits-618-widespread-loss-sweeps-asia?traffic_source=rss
Article: Sri Lankan authorities have issued new landslide warnings with rains lashing areas already devastated by a powerful cyclone, as the death toll rose to 618, while other parts of Asia continue to grapple with the scale of the destruction and mounting casualties that have exceeded 1,800. More than two million people – nearly 10 percent of the population – have been affected by last week’s climate crisis-spurred floods and landslides triggered by Cyclone Ditwah, the worst on the island this century. An aerial view of submerged houses in a flooded area caused by heavy rainfall following Cyclone Ditwah in Niyamgamdora in Sri Lanka [Akila Jayawardena/Reuters] A senior official had said recovery and reconstruction might cost up to $7bn. Survivors in the Aceh Tamiang region, on the northeast coast of Sumatra, said they were forced to walk for an hour on Saturday, scrambling over scattered logs and passing overturned cars, in order to find aid from the government. A clothing trader in the village of Kampung Dalam, Joko Sofyan, said residents had no choice but to drink the same water that destroyed their homes as they waited for aid, causing children to fall ill. The Malaysian capital Kuala Lumpur reported heavy flooding in recent days, while the country’s weather agency MetMalaysia issued on Saturday a thunderstorm warning for four states and the Federal Territory of Labuan.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cwypqr4xzlro?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Turnip Prize winner for 2025 announced at ceremony 5 days ago Share Save Share Save Trevor Prideaux This year's entry was entitled Bitter & Twisted The winner of the coveted 2025 Turnip Prize has been announced. At a special ceremony at The New Inn in Wedmore, Somerset, the prestigious art award was given to 69-year-old Ali Can for his piece entitled Bitter & Twisted, which consists of a crushed can of beer. "Whilst on a bike ride, I was contemplating on what to enter and remembering I was robbed in the 2022 Turnip Prize final by some geezer from London," he said. "I believe that over the last 27 years the artists entering Turnip Prize have created by far better works than Alex Farquharson and The Tate Britain Gallery could ever wish to exhibit." Organisers auctioned off the chance to be a judge at this year's event as a way of raising money for charity.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cn5l209pn1wo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Runaway reindeer who sparked major search 'was on Christmas Eve trial run' 6 days ago Share Save Nathan Bevan BBC Wales Share Save HM Coastguard Crosby Buddy's unscheduled spot of sightseeing caused quite a stir A reindeer called Buddy sparked a huge search operation after he went on the run from a Christmas celebration. A relieved Steve Howard, owner of Santa's Enchanted Forest, said Buddy had just become over-excited and had decided to stretch his legs, adding, "I think he was just doing a trial run for Christmas Eve." Merseyside Police said it began receiving reports the reindeer had gone missing at about 13:45 GMT on Saturday.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cdxek998w2qo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Search for workmen who wrote names on Palace ceiling Working on scaffolding inside the Great Hall to access the paintings art restorers started finding names and dates Conservators restoring paintings at Blenheim Palace are hoping to track down workmen or their relatives who left their names in the ceiling area decades ago. The team, who thought they were the first people for centuries to access the ceilings, said they were "amazed" after they started finding names and dates doodled on the ceiling area as they worked about 67ft (20m) up. Among those who left their mark are a group believed to have worked on the coving in 1968 and the earliest, a plasterer, T Harwood whose signature is dated 1843.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cre3q9edqx8o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Pavarotti statue frozen knee-deep in ice rink strikes wrong note in Italy 5 days ago Share Save Tabby Wilson Share Save Luca Toni/Il Resto del Carlino An Italian mayor has apologised to the family of opera star Luciano Pavarotti after the town of Pesaro encased a statue honouring the late singer within a Christmas ice rink. Luca Toni/Il Resto del Carlino Before it was opened on 29 November, Biancani posted a doctored image of Pavarotti's statue playing ice hockey with the hashtag #DaiUnCinqueAPavarotti, which translates to "Give a high-five to Pavarotti". "I didn't expect a town would allow this treatment of the memory and the image of a person who made Italy great around the world," Ms Mantovani told local outlet Il Resto del Carlino. Alamy/Luca Toni/Il Resto del Carlino Opera star Luciano Pavarotti's statue seen earlier in the year in the town of Pesaro (left), and in November, surrounded by an ice rink (right). Biancini told Il Resto del Carlino, which nicknamed the incident "Pavarotti on Ice", that when plans for the ice rink were initially presented to him, he was assured that the Pavarotti statue would not be touched and that it was only later that he found out designers had been forced to alter their construction.

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/12/07/nx-s1-5636547/a-fire-at-a-popular-nightclub-in-indias-goa-state-kills-at-least-25-officials-say
Article: A fire at a popular nightclub in India's Goa state kills at least 25, officials say toggle caption AP/AP NEW DELHI — At least 25 people, including tourists, were killed in a fire at a popular nightclub in India's Goa state, the state's chief minister said Sunday. It said at least 100 people were on the club's dance floor when the fire broke out and several rushed to the kitchen below in the chaos and got trapped along with staff. Sponsor Message The nightclub, located along the Arpora river backwaters, had a narrow entry and exit that forced the fire brigades to park their tankers about 400 meters away, the news agency said. Local village council official Roshan Redkar told the news agency that authorities had earlier issued a demolition notice for the club as it had no construction permit from the government. The state government has ordered an inquiry into the incident to determine the exact cause of the fire and whether fire safety norms and building regulations were followed, Sawant said.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/07/global-week-ahead-feds-december-decision-to-inform-worlds-central-banks.html
Article: Just three weeks ago, the market did not view a rate cut in the final month of the year as a sure bet, with the drip feed of economic data and more hawkish sentiment from central bank officials pushing the implied probability of a rate reduction below 50%, according to the CME gauge. On Friday, Morgan Stanley reversed its December call to a quarter-percentage point cut, with strategists saying "it seems we jumped the gun." JPMorgan and Bank of America are also forecasting a cut based on more recent dovishness from Fed officials. However, Nomura expects prices and growth to increase in 2026, adding "the bar to a negative policy rate is high." This sentiment is echoed by BNP Paribas, with economists in a recent note expecting the SNB to stay on hold until the second half of 2027. After keeping rates at 2% for the second consecutive meeting back in October, Deutsche Bank believes "rates are likely to be kept on hold through the energy-induced inflation undershoot in 2026." Finally, it seems December could bring a hike from the Bank of Japan, with multiple reports from Reuters and Bloomberg suggesting the Japanese government will not try and prevent the central bank from raising rates in a couple of weeks.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/ancient-african-city-rises-from-ashes-of-colonialism-11163311
Article: Today, satellite images from NASA, reveal forests and farmland giving way to neighborhoods, roads, and industrial zones, documenting a dramatic revival that blends centuries-old cultural heritage with 21st-century urban growth. With Nigeria’s urban population expected to increase by over 130 million by 2050, understanding the trajectory of cities like Benin is critical for planning infrastructure, public services, and environmental protections. Recent restitution efforts have begun to return the bronzes, including transfers from the Horniman Museum in London, the University of Aberdeen, Jesus College Cambridge, the Smithsonian Institution, and several German and Dutch museums. Founded by Phillip Ihenacho, MOWAA is expected to create more than 30,000 jobs and contribute over $80 million annually to the regional economy, reinforcing Benin City’s role as a center of innovation, culture, and urban development.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cev82g41vpdo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Police did not mean to imply Jewish community supported Tel Aviv fan ban, force says The empty away section of Villa Park can be seen behind the action during the Aston Villa v Maccabi Tel Aviv game ACC O'Hara has apologised to members of the Jewish community, the Sunday Times reported . "It was never the intention of the officer to imply that there were members of the Jewish community who had explicitly expressed support for the exclusion of Maccabi fans," the force said in a statement on Saturday. Mike O'Hara, West Midlands' assistant chief constable, made the comments on Monday while giving evidence about the controversial decision to ban Maccabi fans from the Europa League game against Aston Villa in November. A West Midlands Police chief did not mean to imply that members of the Jewish community had agreed with the exclusion of Maccabi Tel Aviv fans from a football match, the force has said. The decision to ban Maccabi Tel Aviv fans from attending the game in Birmingham on 6 November was widely criticised, with Prime Minister Sir Keir Starmer "angered by the decision". Questioned on the justification for the decision by the Home Affairs Committee on Monday, ACC O'Hara said that some Jewish community representatives in Birmingham had said they did not want Maccabi fans attending the match. "Were members of the communities saying that they did not want the Maccabi fans there, and did that include any Jewish representatives?" Conservative MP Karen Bradley, chair of the committee, asked. Bradley asked again whether "there were Jewish community representatives who said that they did not want the Maccabi fans there" and ACC O'Hara said that "a range of faiths, backgrounds and ethnicities... Giving evidence to the committee, Chief Constable Craig Guildford said the police evaluation had been based primarily on information given to the force by Dutch police commanders ahead of the game. "The information provided from the Dutch was very, very clear in terms of they reflected on the days before, during and after the match as a result of clashes between the Maccabi ultras and the local Muslim community," Chief Constable Guildford said. People were thrown into the river." However, Dutch police said the force justified the ban using false intelligence about disorder involving Maccabi fans attending a game in Amsterdam last year, the Sunday Times previously reported. The government's independent adviser on antisemitism Lord Mann also told the Home Affairs Committee only one flag had been torn down the night before the game and there was only one incident with a taxi driver.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/cricket/videos/cj01yy6pvp6o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Gus Atkinson is dismissed for three runs after pulling his shot directly to Australia captain Steve Smith at mid-wicket, as England lose their third wicket in four overs to slump to 231-9 on day four of the second Ashes Test in Brisbane.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/video/newsfeed/2025/12/7/resurgent-neo-nazis-march-against-multiculturalism-in-swedens-capital?traffic_source=rss
Article: NewsFeed Resurgent neo-Nazis march against multiculturalism in Sweden’s capital A neo-Nazi march has been held in Sweden’s capital for the first time in 15 years, bringing together far-right white supremacist groups.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/7/wfp-warns-of-massive-humanitarian-aid-crisis-in-sudan-as-war-rages?traffic_source=rss
Article: Sudan faces a “massive” humanitarian aid crisis, with millions of starving people being denied access to vital food supplies as fighting rages in the war-torn country, the World Food Programme (WFP) has warned. WFP Deputy Executive Director Carl Skau told Al Jazeera on Sunday that his organisation was assisting 5 million people across the nation, including 2 million in hard-to-reach areas, but it was not enough. “It is a massive crisis and what we’re able to do, which is important, isn’t enough.” He said the organisation had “tried every way possible” to get aid to populations in need, including air drops, digital cash transfers and stationing convoys outside besieged areas. But it had not been possible in violence-ridden areas like el-Fasher, the capital of North Darfur state, which was under an 18-month siege before it fell to the paramilitary Rapid Support Forces (RSF) in October, or the West Kordofan city of Babnusa, which the RSF claimed to have gained control of last week. His warning follows similar comments from the UN’s human rights chief Volker Turk, who said on Thursday that the Kordofan region could face a wave of mass atrocities similar to the widespread killings documented in el-Fasher, which fell to the RSF last month. “World attention needs to be on Sudan now, and diplomatic efforts need to be stepped up in order to prevent the same disaster we saw in el-Fasher.” Before el-Fasher fell in November, the UN issued urgent warnings about potential atrocities, but those alerts went largely unheeded. ‘Massacre’ in South Kordofan On Saturday, an official in South Kordofan’s Kalogi locality told Al Jazeera that at least 116 people had been killed in an RSF attack on a pre-school and other sites on Thursday, including 46 children who attended the pre-school. The Sudanese Ministry of Foreign Affairs described the attack in a statement as a “full-fledged massacre”, saying RSF forces had targeted the pre-school directly with missiles from a drone, before bombing it again while the locals were trying to rescue the wounded, then pursuing the wounded and the paramedics inside a hospital. The executive director of the Kalogi locality said the high death toll in the attack was due to the severity of the injuries sustained, while some families avoided taking injured loved ones to the hospital for treatment because of attacks on the facility. Displaced women raped Meanwhile, the Sudan Doctors Network said it had documented 19 cases of rape committed by RSF forces against women in the al-Afad camp in al-Dabbah who had fled the fighting in el-Fasher. It said it “strongly condemns the gang rape” being carried out by RSF forces, which was a violation of international law, and warned that “the silence of the international community regarding these heinous practices encourages their repetition.” Elsewhere, a Sudanese army source told Al Jazeera that air defences had intercepted RSF drones in al-Damazin in Sudan’s southern Blue Nile state, while a government source said electricity had been cut off in the city due to shelling of a power station. Meanwhile, the RSF accused Sudan’s military on Friday of bombing the Adre border crossing with Chad, a crossing that has been vital for humanitarian aid delivery during the war, in what it said was a deliberate attempt to hinder relief efforts.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/sports/2025/12/7/yan-upsets-dvalishvili-to-capture-bantamweight-championship-at-ufc-323?traffic_source=rss
Article: “Congratulations to him.” In the co-main event, challenger Joshua Van won the flyweight belt from former champion Alexandre Pantoja with a TKO just 26 seconds into the first round after a quirky finish.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/gallery/2025/12/7/week-in-pictures-syria-salutes-year-of-al-assad-fall-sudans-suffering?traffic_source=rss
Article: From Pope Francis’s visit to Lebanon to the arrests of Palestinians in the occupied West Bank by Israeli soldiers, to the aftermath of deadly floods in Indonesia and protests against military conscription in Germany, here is a look at the week in photos.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/7/bethlehems-christmas-tree-lights-up-after-two-years-of-darkness?traffic_source=rss
Article: Bethlehem, occupied West Bank – For the first time in two years, the Christmas tree in Bethlehem lit up the night sky, restoring a glimmer of joy to the birthplace of Jesus after seasons overshadowed by Israel’s genocidal war on Gaza. Palestinians watching the lighting said the celebration carried a dual meaning: Hope in the Nativity and a yearning for freedom from the Israeli siege gripping Bethlehem and cities across the occupied territory. “Through these celebrations, Palestinians send a message of resilience – to say we are still here, determined to live, to keep Bethlehem the capital of Christmas, and to continue telling its story. People remember the glimmer of light even amid devastation.” The mayor also shared a message sent to Bethlehem by Pope Leo XIV, saying the pontiff assured residents he “carries Bethlehem in his heart and prayers and is working for an end to Palestinian suffering”, urging people in Gaza “not to give in to despair”. “But Bethlehem, which had no celebrations for two years, looks beautiful despite everything.” She added that she expected the trip to be difficult, “but people’s excitement and determination to celebrate pushed us to come”. “We anticipate about 3,000 visitors a day until year-end, which will increase hotel occupancy – currently at just 20 percent among foreign tourists.” Rula Qabti, who arrived from Nazareth, said she travelled long distances and crossed multiple checkpoints to join the celebration.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/cricket/articles/c4g9le7lnxeo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: England finally showed some application with the bat on the fourth day of the pink-ball match in Brisbane, yet still succumbed to their second crushing defeat of the tour following a two-day loss in the first Test in Perth. On the most eagerly anticipated Ashes tour for a generation and in what was supposed to be a golden opportunity to win the urn for the first time since 2015, Stokes' men are threatening to return the worst performance by an England team in Australia in modern times. Regardless of how England spend their time between now and the third Test on 17 December (23:30 16 December GMT), they must somehow improve immeasurably for the contest in Adelaide. As Ashes holders, Australia will only need a draw to retain the urn at the earliest opportunity and before thousands of England fans travel over Christmas for the Tests in Melbourne and Sydney.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/soldiers-announce-apparent-military-coup-benin-128183042
Article: A group of soldiers has appeared on Benin’s state TV announcing the dissolution of the government in an apparent coup, the latest of many in West Africa COTONOU, Benin -- A group of soldiers has appeared on Benin ’s state TV announcing the dissolution of the government in an apparent coup, the latest of many in West Africa.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/video/quotable/2025/12/7/aje-onl-qt_carl-skau-071225?traffic_source=rss
Article: “World attention needs to be on Sudan now” Quotable “World attention needs to be on Sudan now” Carl Skau, the deputy executive director at the World Food Programme, talks about the limitations and concerns they have in providing desperately needed aid in Sudan.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/liveblog/2025/12/7/benin-attempt-coup-live-soldiers-on-state-tv-claim-to-have-toppled-talon?traffic_source=rss
Article: blinking-dot Live updates Live updates, Benin coup attempt live: Soldiers on state TV claim to have toppled Talon Group of soldiers announce the removal of President Patrice Talon and all state institutions.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/features/2025/12/7/tailors-and-corner-stores-the-hustles-helping-prisoners-survive?traffic_source=rss
Article: You see, survival has a universal dialect, and here, behind the castle walls of New Jersey State Prison (NJSP), necessity isn’t just a mother, it’s a warden, a foreman, and a constant whisper in your ear. Pennies on the dollar Like the chains and hooks once used for corporal punishment in the basement of the “Warden’s House” at NJSP, prison labour is a relic of another time. According to the Prison Policy Initiative (PPI), a non-profit that researches mass criminalisation in the US, prisoners can earn as little as $0.86 per day, with those in skilled work – like plumbers, electricians and clerks – making barely a few dollars per day. Meanwhile, American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) research shows that many states pay between $0.15 and $0.52 per hour for cleaning and maintenance jobs, such as sanitation work, with some states paying prisoners nothing at all. The Department of Corrections budget runs in the billions, but prisoners can work every day of the year and still only make enough to choose between soap or soup when ordering from the commissary. Meanwhile, an investigation in The Appeal, a publication focusing on the US legal system, found that commissary prices are often five times higher than prices outside prison, with markups soaring as high as 600 percent for something like a denture container. Two books of stamps get you a tailored “set” (pants and a shirt or two shirts), and it’s four stamps (about $3) to raise your pant cuffs above the ankles, a popular request among Muslim brothers here. “The funny thing,” he said, not smiling, “is that they [the prison] give the officers water filters.” The corner store On another tier, Josh runs what you might call a corner store without a corner. Read the first story here: How I’m fighting the US prison system from the inside Tariq MaQbool is a prisoner at New Jersey State Prison (NJSP), where he has been held since 2005. He is a contributor to various publications, including Al Jazeera English, where he has written about the trauma of solitary confinement (he has spent a total of more than two years in isolation) and what it means to be a Muslim prisoner inside a US prison.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/7/soldiers-appear-on-benin-state-television-announcing-apparent-coup?traffic_source=rss
Article: The troops referred to themselves as part of the “Military Committee for Refoundation” (CMR), and said on state television that they had met and decided that “Mr Patrice Talon is removed from office as president of the republic”.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/psychology-christmas-why-not-feel-magic-anymore-nostalgia-11160578
Article: The feeling of magic around Christmas is somethng many of us remember from childhood, and spend the rest of our lives trying to recreate.Warm childhood memories abound of writing letters to Santa Claus, watching the lights glittering on the streets and in people's homes, singing carols and painting pictures at school, all culminating in the biggest day of excitement on the 25th of December. Katie Carhart, a licensed clinical psychologist currently running a workshop on holiday stress and burnout, told Newsweek that as adults, Christmas feels different, because instead of just savoring the joy, you're making it." She points out how, as a child, holiday meals just arrive to the table, holiday traditions are already established, presents appear under the tree, and it "feels magical, because you weren't privy to any of the things happening behind the scenes." But as adults, "we are suddenly responsible for making the magic and continuing the traditions"—from cooking for hours, shopping and wrapping gifts until late at night, all amid the usual responsibilities of running a household, which "comes with pressure, high expectations and stress." ... Meghan Marcum, chief psychologist at AMFM Healthcare, agrees, explaing to Newsweek that the season is "packed with novelty and anticipation" as kids, but adults "are carrying the logistics." "A lot of what people miss is also nostalgia," she explained. "We’re not always missing Christmas itself as much as we’re missing how it felt when life was simpler and we weren’t responsible for making it happen." Licensed therapist Krista Walker said nostalgia is a "powerful" emotional state, a "lend of affection and longing" which can be associated with Christmas—but things really have changed. It also found that 69 percent of respondents feel at least some pressure to appear happier than they actually are during the holidays, with 34 percent of millennials and 35 percent of Gen Z reporting a high degree of pressure. "It’s more likely to come from small, intentional moments of connection, rest, and realistic rituals than from trying to recreate a childhood version of the holidays." Carhart agrees adults can do things "to make the season feel more nostalgic and magical." Consider the things that meant the most to you over the holidays as a child, whether this was making Christmas cookies, eating a certain meal or watching a certain movie, and then "slow down," and "prioritize those things during he season." She also urged people to "set boundaries" and not to feel the need to "attend every social event, hit every holiday item on the bucket list, or make all six of your family’s traditional appetizers.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cvg86g385k5o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Angry Ginge had I'm a Celeb 'on his bucket list' 3 hours ago Share Save Angela Ferguson North West Share Save PA Media Angry Ginge is a finalist in this year's I'm A Celebrity Get Me Out Of Here Angry Ginge's sister Tasha has said going on I'm a Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here! Tasha said her brother had always been a prankster and once woke her up by smashing pans together, so she was not surprised to see Morgan scare fellow campmate Lisa Riley up by sneaking up on her when she was sleeping. Family handout Angry Ginge's sister Tasha says he is "smashing it" in the I'm a Celebrity jungle Tasha said watching her brother on TV was "amazing and honestly hilarious" and "he's surprised me with all the things he's done in there". Family handout Angry Ginge pictured with his granddad, who he has described as his biggest inspiration, and sister Tasha Angry Ginge would be shocked to know how much support he has had as he did not expect anything like this, she added. "He's gone in as 'the streamer' and look at him now!" Commenting on 'milk bottle gate', when Angry Ginge, model and presenter Kelly Brook and Aitch secretly ate some of the milk bottle sweets won for their campmates in a challenge, Tasha said it was just her brother's cheeky side coming out.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c62v7n9wzkyo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Soldiers in Benin say they have seized power from President Talon 23 minutes ago Share Save Paul Njie , BBC Africa and Lucy Fleming Share Save BTV The soldiers said they were suspending the constitution and dissolving the government and political parties Soldiers in the West African nation of Benin have announced on national TV that they have ousted President Patrice Talon and seized power.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/ckgl8nj8nvzo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: 'There's something authentic about having DVDs' Declan says the main selling point of DVDs is the cases While some people scroll endlessly through Netflix in search of their next watch, 17-year-old Declan prefers the more traditional approach of having a DVD in his hands. "If I lost access to streaming tomorrow, I'd still have my favourite movies ready to watch." He admits DVDs are a "dying way of watching movies" but that makes them cheaper. "These things are generations old, it's nice to have them available." 'The grooves on the record make it feel real' Saul has spent more than £1,000 on old vinyl records Saul, 20, has been collecting vinyl records since 2016. I like having that option to listen." 'Physical cameras are timeless' Aoibheann's favourite camera is a Pentax film camera, an SBO 105 While most people instinctively reach for their phones to take photos, 21-year-old Aoibheann prefers the deliberate artistry of traditional cameras. They'll never go out of fashion because past generations relied on them." 'It's more addictive than any game I've got on my PS5.' The PSP sold 185,000 units in the UK during its first four days on the market in 2005

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/cricket/articles/ckgkj4098z5o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Harry Brook - 2 Unforgivable chasing of Mitchell Starc in the twilight ended a skittish first innings, made all the more wasteful when he was out to a good ball in the second.

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/12/07/nx-s1-5636558/soldiers-announce-apparent-military-coup-in-benin
Article: Soldiers announce apparent military coup in Benin toggle caption Eraldo Peres/AP COTONOU, Benin — A group of soldiers has appeared on Benin's state TV announcing the dissolution of the government in an apparent coup, the latest of many in West Africa.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/sports/2025/12/7/mohamed-salah-claims-he-has-been-thrown-under-the-bus-by-liverpool?traffic_source=rss
Article: Liverpool’s Mohamed Salah said he had been “thrown under the bus” as he tore into the club over his treatment and signalled a potential exit, after watching from the bench as they were held to a 3-3 Premier League draw with Leeds United on Saturday. In his incendiary post-match comments, the 33-year-old Egyptian lashed out at the club and coach Arne Slot, telling journalists he felt he had been scapegoated for their poor start to the season and suggesting that he may not have long left at Anfield. I have done so much for this club, everybody can see that during the years and especially last season,” Salah told reporters in the post-match mixed zone, before taking aim at the club’s leadership. The club promised me in the summer, a lot of promises and nothing so far.” The Egyptian, who signed a two-year contract extension in April, has become an iconic figure in an eight-year spell at Liverpool in which he won two Premier League titles and scored 250 goals in all competitions for the club. Liverpool visit Inter Milan in the Champions League on Tuesday before hosting Brighton & Hove Albion on Saturday, two games that may herald the end of Salah’s time on Merseyside. We’ll see what’s going to happen, but in my head, I’m going to enjoy that game, if I play it or not, if I’m on the bench or not,” Salah, who is going to the Africa Cup of Nations with Egypt on December 15, said. “I don’t know what’s going to happen now, so I’m just going to be in Anfield, say goodbye to the fans (before) going to Africa Cup (of Nations), because I don’t know what’s going to happen when I’m there.” ‘We needed different players’ Speaking after the draw, Slot said he had left Salah on the bench because he felt the team needed something different. Salah scored 34 goals and had 18 assists in 52 games across all competitions as Liverpool won the Premier League last season, but with his side floundering, he has managed five goals and three assists in 19 games in the current campaign.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/supreme-court-let-political-parties-spend-unlimited-money-11164570
Article: By asking the Court to strike down limits on party–candidate coordination, the NRSC is pressing for a shift that would give national party committees far greater control over campaigns and accelerate the post–Citizens United trend of campaign-finance deregulation. What To Know This case is about whether political parties should be allowed to spend as much money as they want directly helping their chosen candidates, instead of following the current limits meant to prevent corruption. Supreme Court chooses to review a lower-court decision], the NRSC contends that these caps “stand in serious tension with recent First Amendment doctrine,” citing the Sixth Circuit’s acknowledgment that the limits may not align with the Supreme Court’s post-Citizens United campaign-finance decisions. Colorado Republican Federal Campaign Committee (2001)—a major Supreme Court decision that upheld federal limits on how much political parties may spend in coordination with their candidates, and the precedent upholding such limits [otherwise known as ‘Colorado II’]—remains valid. Public Citizen, in an amicus brief [a legal document filed by someone who is not a party to the case but wants to offer information, expertise, or arguments that might help the court decide the issues] supporting the FEC, warns that removing limits would “facilitate corruption by allowing large individual contributions to party committees to benefit candidates directly.” The organization argues that wealthier donors could give large sums to parties with the expectation that coordinated spending would be routed to favored candidates, effectively circumventing contribution limits. Their brief states that coordinated-expenditure caps “properly preserve states’ authority to make individualized judgments about how best to combat political corruption.” They caution that overturning Colorado II would jeopardize the stability of many state-level systems built on similar principles. In its briefs, the committee asserts that changes since Colorado II—including the rise of outside groups that can spend unlimited amounts—mean that coordinated-expenditure limits “do not advance a permissible interest” and burden protected speech. FEC—a case challenging federal rules that capped the total amount a donor could give to all candidates, parties, and political action committees during a two-year election cycle—have set a different constitutional standard, and that “statutory amendments overtook Colorado II.” The Bigger Picture The case arrives amid a broader reevaluation of campaign-finance law triggered by Citizens United and subsequent rulings. The dispute is part of “a broader trend of challenges to campaign finance regulations,” and a ruling for the NRSC could amount to “one of the most significant rollbacks of spending limits in decades.” The Brennan Center for Justice, in its brief supporting respondents, situates the case within two decades of judicial decisions that have “diverged from the policy preferences of the American public,” arguing that Congress—not the Court—is best positioned to assess whether coordinated-spending rules remain effective. Senators Sheldon Whitehouse, Chris Van Hollen, Richard Blumenthal, Adam Schiff, Mazie Hirono, and Cory Booker sitting senators are directly accusing the Supreme Court’s past rulings of enabling a wave of special-interest political power now threatening democratic integrity, from their brief filed in support of respondents: “Judicial decisions weakening campaign finance laws have unleashed unprecedented special interest influence in U.S. elections.” Public Citizen’s amicus brief in support of intervenor-respondents issued a blunt, unequivocal warning that striking down the rule would open a direct channel for big-money donors to influence specific candidates: “Permitting unlimited party coordinated spending would facilitate corruption by allowing large individual contributions to party committees to benefit candidates directly.” What Happens Next The Supreme Court will hear NRSC v. FEC on Tuesday, December 9, 2025, after which the justices will deliberate and issue a ruling by June 2026 that could either preserve or fundamentally alter federal limits on how parties can coordinate spending with their candidates. If the Court strikes down the limits, parties could engage in unlimited coordinated expenditures—expanding national party influence and raising concerns from opponents who warn this would allow large donations to flow more directly to candidates.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/donald-trump-approval-rating-millennials-improves-11160644
Article: According to polling by The Economist/YouGov, Trump's net approval rating among this demographic, roughly those born from 1981 to 1996, has increased from -19 percentage points in September to -16 points in December. What To Know In polling conducted between September 26 and September 29, Trump's net approval rating among millennials was -19 points, with 37 percent approving of him and 56 percent disapproving. Less than a year into Trump 2.0, we should look at the trends much more than any individual polls, and even the trends carry little weight 11 months from the midterms." It comes amid other polls suggesting Trump's approval rating among Gen Z voters also increased from -55 percentage points in October to -34 in November. A recent poll by The Economist/YouGov found Trump’s approval rating at its lowest level since he returned to office in January, with 39 percent approving of the job he is doing and 58 percent disapproving, a net approval rating of -19 points. What People Are Saying President Donald Trump said on Truth Social earlier this month: "So many Fake Polls are being shown by the Radical Left Media, all slanted heavily toward Democrats and Far Left Wingers…Fake News will never change, they are evil and corrupt but, as I look around my beautiful surroundings, I say to myself, 'Oh, look, I’m sitting in the Oval Office!'" What Happens Next As his presidency continues, Trump's approval rating will likely fluctuate among all age groups, including millennials.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sneaker-market-crashing-dead-fashion-economy-retail-11150928
Article: sneaker resale market is projected to hit $6 billion by the end of 2025, according to Resell Calendar, while a report from Future Market Insights values the global sneaker at some $87 billion as of 2025. “Sneaker demand is still very high for the core sneaker community, and there are plenty of sneakers that are selling for 2x, 3x, even 10x the MSRP,” he told Newsweek over email. “For a couple of years, the sneakers market behaved like a speculative asset (not dissimilar to NFTs); but sneakers are made to be worn, they’re not speculative assets, and this tension was not sustainable,” Godart said. That said, the core collector community tends to stay active and is always looking for more, though they are becoming more selective and value-conscious about what they’re willing to pay a premium for,” Vinogradov told Newsweek. Godart highlighted this, telling Newsweek, “Changes in customers’ tastes (i.e., the emergence of new fads) and a general backlash against overpriced items in luxury have led to oversupply and a sharp drop in prices.” The sneaker industry isn’t dead, but the styles that were once all the rage may be falling victim to what can be a vicious trend cycle. That community has moved on to chasing different avenues of attention on social media such as watches or other 'exclusive' or 'hard to get' items (ahem labubu).” What’s Next So, what can we expect from the sneaker market moving forward?

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/experts-reveal-how-90s-games-shaped-kids-brains-differently-11150806
Article: Anyone who grew up in the 90s will probably remember the thrill of racing Rainbow Road in Mario Kart or the shock of discovering Pokémon Red’s hidden secrets without a guidebook. “There’s no real 'end' so you never get closure.” She described it as “junk-food dopamine”—quick hits that vanish almost immediately, training kids to crave constant stimulation rather than the slow, steady satisfaction familiar to 90s kids. Her son shared examples: Pokémon Red and Green (from 1996) offered one optional tutorial before throwing players into the wild; Pokémon Sun and Moon (from 2016) required players to march through tutorial-heavy gameplay for the first quarter of the game. “This generates pressure, erratic sleep patterns and makes too much noise on their minds.” Gallagher also pointed out that the design philosophy of the 1990s centered on fun and completion, while the 21st century increasingly centers on retention and monetization.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/assad-syria-sharaa-winning-white-house-trump-11143822
Article: Sharaa's transformation from Islamist rebel chief and key associate of the Islamic State militant group (ISIS) and Al-Qaeda to pragmatic statesman has in many ways proven even more stunning than his sudden ousting of longtime President Bashar al-Assad last December in an 11-day offensive that shattered the entrenched expectations surrounding a 13-year civil war. Further challenging long-held assumptions amid regional upheaval has been Sharaa's growing partnership with President Donald Trump, who has embraced the Syrian leader, meeting him in Saudi Arabia in May and receiving him at the White House in November. troops in Iraq and subject to a $10 million bounty up until weeks after taking the reins in Damascus last year, Sharaa has even recently received Trump's backing in the face of ongoing strikes by Washington's closest ally in the Middle East, Israel, with whom Sharaa has further defied widespread conjecture in seeking direct engagement. "The rapid rapprochement between President Trump and President Sharaa represents one of the most unexpected diplomatic shifts in the region," Mahmoud Toron, business and economic adviser to the Syrian government, told Newsweek. "Only a year ago, such a partnership would have seemed highly unlikely, particularly given Israel’s efforts to frame the Syrian leadership as a persistent threat." "Yet Washington now appears to have concluded that the current Syrian administration is the most viable actor to guide the country through its transitional phase and maintain regional stability," Toron said, adding that "trust between the two leaders has grown at a remarkable pace." The Roots of a U.S.-Syria Reset While undoubtedly an unexpected development even to most veteran observers, events surrounding Syria's civil war have a history of challenging conventions of U.S. In weeks leading up to Assad's downfall, he appeared to be on track for reclaiming his place in the region after most nations severed ties in the early years of the civil war that pitted his government against a variety of rebels and insurgent movements, including Islamist groups such as the Nusra Front, later rebranded to Hayat Tahrir al-Sham, that Sharaa, then known by his nom de guerre, Abu Mohammad al-Golani, commanded. And while sanctions remained in place, the incoming Trump administration's appointment of figures known for promoting dialogue with Assad, particularly Director of National Intelligence Tulsi Gabbard, signaled that the new White House may look for a new deal with Damascus in line with the U.S. On November 27, 2024, just weeks after Trump's election victory and the same day that Lebanon's Iran-aligned Hezbollah movement that aided Assad throughout the war signed a ceasefire in its ongoing confrontation with Israel over the conflict in Gaza, a rebel offensive led by Sharaa's Hayat Tahrir al-Sham reignited the frozen frontlines of Syria's civil war, securing lightning gains that forced Assad to flee to Russia by December 8. But it wouldn't be long before the new administration's signature and often conventional outlook on dealmaking abroad would find roots in Damascus, aided by active campaigns from Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan, who Trump openly credited with aiding the rebel win, and Saudi Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman, who hosted their first fateful meeting. The move was accompanied by the White House announcing a lifting of Assad-era sanctions despite reports of deadly sectarian clashes that elicited new caution over the Syrian leader's stated commitment to pursue a more inclusive and peaceful path for his war-torn nation. Sharaa's visit to the White House last month has since reaffirmed Trump's dedication to working with the leadership in Damascus, where Toron said hopes lie for further cooperation on recalibrating Washington's ongoing partnership with the Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF), the Kurdish-led group that controls much of northeastern Syria, and, particularly, in finding new business opportunities. forces present in SDF-held territory and a southwestern desert garrison, Toron said the Syrian government was looking to forge an agreement that would legitimize their presence, advance a deadlocked integration deal reached in March between the SDF and Damascus and pave the way for investment by U.S. "It would represent a rare win-win scenario: contributing to Syria’s economic recovery while allowing the United States to remain constructively engaged during a critical phase of the country’s stabilization." Toron also recognized that Trump's "pragmatic" strategy thus far "aligns with a broader regional understanding that Syria’s collapse cannot be allowed to recur and that re-stabilizing the country is in the collective interest," and that "the warming relationship also marks a tentative reintegration of Syria into the U.S.-led regional and international order." From the administration's perspective, a White House official told Newsweek that "President Trump is committed to supporting a Syria that is stable, unified, and at peace with itself and its neighbors," calling this "a key element of the President’s vision for a peaceful and prosperous Middle East." "A stable and sovereign Syria is critical for the region’s stability," the White House official said. "Syria must not become a base for terrorism or pose a threat to its neighbors and the wider world." Reflecting on Sharaa's performance just ahead of the one-year mark, the White House official cited Trump's December 1 Truth Social statement, reading, “the United States is very satisfied with the results displayed, through hard work and determination, in the Country of Syria. "We are doing everything within our power to make sure the Government of Syria continues to do what was intended, which is substantial, in order to build a true and prosperous Country," the president wrote at the time. Speaking at an event in New York City for his new book, Dodgers to Damascus, that recounts his personal meetings with Assad, Lesch recounted how the former Syrian leader's own unlikely rise to power was met with initial expectations of reform and better ties with the West. Back in 1994, Assad was studying ophthalmology in London when news broke that his eldest brother, Bassel, the anticipated heir to their father, Hafez, had died in a car accident during a high-speed drive to Damascus International Airport. Assad was quickly recalled home and promoted through the ranks of Syrian Arab Army, securing his path to the presidency that he ultimately took upon his father's death in 2000. To the world and many around him, the young Assad, then just 35 years old, came off as mild-mannered and cosmopolitan, an image that appeared to conflict with the rigid workings of the hard-line Baathist dynasty he suddenly inherited. These others, they're eccentric and thugs, they could tell right away." "But he became much more comfortable with power, which is not necessarily a bad thing, but in an authoritarian system, if you become much more comfortable with power, you become much more comfortable being an authoritarian leader," Lesch said. And he does so without the benefit of a background of relative anonymity and rather the weight of having forged his path to power through appeals to some of the most hardcore elements of Syrian society, albeit in a tactful way that has thus far maintained the balance of power out of jihadi hands. "Sharaa is faced with a not uncommon conundrum typically associated with a vigorous, if not extremist, revolutionary movement that is victorious and now has to rule over a settled population," Lesch said. "How does he keep the hardcore jihadists who helped him come to power satisfied and under control while proclaiming he wants an inclusive society and integration into the global community, the latter two elements of which are in many ways in direct opposition to the former?" "Despite the many economic and political challenges facing the new government, including recreating the state and establishing a new national identity, the biggest obstacle for Sharaa may be in establishing internal legitimacy," Lesch added. "While his charm offensive internationally has won him a good deal of external legitimacy, necessary to relieve the country of the withering sanctions that have been in place for over a decade, the internal discord amid ongoing sectarian violence and questions about creeping authoritarianism and state capacity raise many questions about the future of Syria." Still, Lesch saw an opportunity for Sharaa to ultimately come out on top in this precarious equation, noting how "a war weary population, still hopeful in the aftermath of jettisoning 50 years of the Assads, will give Sharaa a long learning curve that will hopefully provide enough time for tangible economic development and reconstruction along with the inclusive politics he says he wants." ... Keeping the Wolves at Bay Among the most serious challenges that Sharaa faces moving forward is answering that creeping question about the lingering presence of the local and foreign militant forces that aided his overthrow of Assad a year ago. But reports have emerged of militias with alleged ties to state-backed security forces acting independently, including during clashes with Alawites in the west coast, Druze in the southwest and Kurds in the north and east, in ways that prove potentially problematic to Sharaa's national recovery efforts. "This may include at some point in the near future a reckoning with the more extreme elements in his coalition that could create the space for that inclusive future," Lesch said. "It could also lead to further sectarian strife and discord amid divisions among the ruling class." This task is also referenced by another individual with direct experience in dealing with tumultuous events on the ground in Syria, Robert Ford, who served as the last U.S. ambassador to Syria from the months preceding the outbreak of Syria's civil war in 2011 to his resignation over frustrations toward the policies pursued by then-President Barack Obama's administrations toward the conflict in 2014. "Sharaa does need to manage that part of his base which is harder-line Islamist, including elements, Syrian and foreign, who insist applying across society a literal interpretation of Sharia and are willing to fight for that vision," Ford told Newsweek. During his time in office, Ford personally witnessed Sharaa's rise to power that came as a direct challenge to the U.S.' effort to arm and train a moderate opposition, a campaign ultimately abandoned in favor of backing the SDF as an explicitly anti-ISIS force in 2015. I expect that over time he will approach controlling the harder-line fighters in his base the same way." Serving as the State Department's point person on Syria, Ford also led the effort to designate Sharaa's Nusra Front as a terrorist organization in 2012, a label revoked from its successor, Hayat Tahrir al-Sham, just this past July. Ford today saw this reversal as a reflection of real actions that Sharaa has taken to reshape his objectives even prior to the fateful offensive that brought him to power. "From the vantage point of 13 years later, Shara is not employing tactics that would land on him on the list now: he has not employed terror tactics since 2017, and he has actively fought with ISIS and Al-Qaeda loyalists in Idlib," Ford said. anti-terror elements." Ford has also claimed a firsthand role in advising on Sharaa's evolution, recounting during a lecture in May two meetings with the Syrian leader—then still head of Hayat Tahrir al-Sham—in Idlib in 2023. Far from the besieged rebel outpost of Idlib once thought as the land stand for the insurgency against Assad, Sharaa appears just as comfortable during his triumphant trips to foreign capitals, from Washington to Moscow, which the Syrian leader visited in October despite Russia's military intervention in support of Assad throughout the civil war. Based on his observations, Ford felt the Syrian leader's pragmatism made him well-equipped to reciprocate on the historic U.S.-led opportunity anchored in confidence that militants could be effectively sidelined from governance. Trump is not prejudiced against authoritarian figures, as we already knew and if DJT can claim Sharaa is a fully reformed terrorist he will take some credit for that (whether or not it's appropriate)." "Sharaa is calculating and shrewd but not bloodthirsty," Ford added. leader who has publicly eschewed costly nation-building endeavors, the scale of Syria's effort to rebuild after 14 years of conflict and half a century of Baathist leadership that molded institutions in nearly all sectors of life in its image is enormous. "We have to put the context right," Bassam Barabandi, a Syrian diplomat who defected from Assad's government in 2013 and announced last month he had been granted the title of ambassador under Sharaa's administration, told Newsweek. "Syria was ruled by the Baath Party from 1963, then Assad's father came in 1970, then the son destroyed the rest." "My point is that all the coherent society has been destroyed during these 70 years of rule by the Baath Party and the Assad family, the sectarianism was created by them," Barabandi said. So, today, with Sharaa, a new Syria, it's an impossible mission to achieve the change that Syrians are looking for between one night and day." Thus, he said begins a "longer process," one "that needs stability, that needs open minds that are coherent and cohesive from all the numbers [of elements] of society to participate." "That's not easy, because we don't have political parties, and we don't know who represents what, who represents what for the community, from a Christian, from Druze, Alawite, Sunni, and so on and so forth," Barabandi said. So, you put all this all together, you can see how difficult it is to achieve a big breakthrough in short time." And yet, he pointed out, that the majority of Syrians felt Sharaa was on the right track to do so, with many willing to overlook his past in favor of his current achievements, beginning with his successful ousting of Assad. A lot of people are skeptical, but people are really happy that this is the guy who got rid of Assad, and, it looks like, more flexible, more pragmatic and smarter than people think," Barabandi said. There is a tendency among the Syrian to move forward, and that's, I think, the most important part." And on this matter, he saw Trump's role as particularly crucial in boosting Sharaa's chances for success, which could aid Washington's own effort to finally score an elusive win in Syria after so many years of setbacks, pivots and paralysis. Barabandi cited Trump's stated campaign goals of establishing a legacy as global peacemaker, including in the Middle East, where the White House is currently striving to maintain a ceasefire agreement between Israel and Hamas over a conflict that produced the regional unrest that contributed to Assad's fall. All these components are in Syria." Barabandi felt these goals fit well with the objectives sought by Sharaa, producing a natural "chemistry" witnessed, for example, in meetings between Sharaa and Trump's envoy to Syria and ambassador to Turkey, Thomas Barrack, who has proven an influential figure in the course of the White House charting a new approach to Damascus. The U.S., for its own strategy, it matches with Syria." "So, I think that's the key reason why Trump is hosting Sharaa and supporting him, because they align in the end game," Barabandi added, "and in the meantime, the U.S.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/winter-storm-warnings-6-states-10-inches-snow-11169526
Article: Winter storm warnings have been issued for states across the West and Northwest, with upward of 10 inches of snow and winds as high as 65 miles per hour, as well as "life-threatening" conditions in certain regions for those who are unprepared. Elkhead and Park Mountains in Colorado are expected to see up to 3 inches of snow and wind gusts reaching 35 mph, with travel described as “very difficult to impossible through much of the day and into the early morning hours of Sunday.” Alaska is set to see some of the worst conditions, with warnings in place from early Sunday morning until Monday night. Skagway, Haines Borough and Klukwan are expecting 12 to 18 inches of snow and winds as high as 50 mph until Sunday afternoon, Eastern Chichagof Island is set to see 8 to 14 inches and winds up to 35 mph, while Glacier Bay could see between 10 and 20 inches and 40 mph winds. The cold wind chills as low as 20 below zero near White Pass could cause frostbite on exposed skin in as little as 30 minutes.” Winter storm warnings are active for the Sierra Madre Range and Snowy Range in Wyoming. Between 5 and 10 inches of snow and gusts as high as 65 mph will lead to “blowing snow and reduced visibility,” the Cheyenne office said, warning that being outdoors overnight could “become life-threatening to those caught unprepared.” “Hikers and snowmobilers may easily become disoriented. This week saw several similar alerts from the NWS, warning of possible “record colds” across the Midwest, Ohio Valley and Mid-Atlantic, and urging residents to “dress appropriately to avoid the risk of frostbite/hypothermia and limit time outdoors.” In its Day 3-7 Hazards Outlook issued on Sunday, the NWS said that heavy snow could hit Michigan, New York, Minnesota, North Dakota, Wyoming, Montana, Idaho and Washington, with warnings of heavy precipitation for Washington and Oregon. Those traveling overnight have been urged to keep an extra flashlight as well as food, water and warm clothes in case of an emergency, and can go to 511ia.org (for Iowa), 511.alaska.gov (for Alaska) and gettingaroundillinois.com for timely updates on road conditions.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cqjgydnwxrpo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Death toll from devastating Indonesia floods passes 900 7 hours ago Share Save BBC Indonesian Share Save Reuters The death toll in Indonesia from recent flooding has passed 900, with hundreds still missing. More than 100,000 homes were destroyed when a rare and powerful cyclone formed over the Malaca Strait last week, bringing torrential rain and landslides to parts of the South East Asian country. The Indonesia floods were one of several extreme weather events to hit Asia in recent weeks, with the cumulative death toll in Sri Lanka, Thailand, Malaysia and Vietnam approaching 2,000. Fitriana said: "There were also those who survived on the roofs of their houses with their four-year-old children, for three days without eating or drinking." She said around 90% of the homes in her village were destroyed, leaving 300 families with nowhere to go.

Link: https://www.nytimes.com/video/us/politics/100000010563180/the-impact-of-trumps-slipping-approval-rating.html
Article: The Impact of Trump’s Slipping Approval Rating After months of holding steady, President Trump‘s approval rating has dipped over the past several weeks, according to a New York Times analysis of public polling.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/07/ukraine-peace-deal-is-really-close-us-envoy-kellogg-says-.html
Article: President Donald Trump's outgoing Ukraine envoy said a deal to end the Ukraine war was "really close" and now depended on resolving two main outstanding issues: the future of Ukraine's Donbas region and the Zaporizhzhia nuclear power plant. Russia invaded Ukraine in February 2022 after eight years of fighting between Russian-backed separatists and Ukrainian troops in the Donbas, which is made up of the Donetsk and Luhansk regions. The Ukraine war is the deadliest European conflict since World War Two and has triggered the biggest confrontation between Russia and the West since the depths of the Cold War. Special Envoy for Ukraine Keith Kellogg, who is due to step down in January, told the Reagan National Defense Forum that efforts to resolve the conflict were in "the last 10 metres" which he said was always the hardest. The two main outstanding issues, Kellogg said, were on territory — primarily the future of the Donbas — and the future of Ukraine's Zaporizhzhia nuclear power plant, Europe's largest, which is under Russian control. "If we get those two issues settled, I think the rest of the things will work out fairly well," Kellogg said on Saturday at the Ronald Reagan Presidential Library and Museum in Simi Valley, California. Kellogg, a retired lieutenant general who served in Vietnam, Panama and Iraq, said the scale of the death and injuries caused by the Ukraine war was "horrific" and unprecedented in terms of a regional war. Russia currently controls 19.2% of Ukraine, including Crimea, which it annexed in 2014, all of Luhansk, more than 80% of Donetsk, about 75% of Kherson and Zaporizhzhia, and slivers of the Kharkiv, Sumy, Mykolaiv and Dnipropetrovsk regions. draft peace proposals, opens new tab emerged last month, alarming Ukrainian and European officials who said it bowed to Moscow's main demands on NATO, Russian control of a fifth of Ukraine and restrictions on Ukraine's army. proposals, the Zaporizhzhia nuclear plant, whose reactors are currently in cold shutdown, would be relaunched under the supervision of the International Atomic Energy Agency, and the electricity produced would be distributed equally between Russia and Ukraine.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/sports/2025/12/7/australia-dominate-england-to-win-second-test-in-brisbane?traffic_source=rss
Article: The hosts chased down the paltry target of 65 in just 10 overs, captain Steve Smith pulling Gus Atkinson for a huge six over square leg for the winning runs. Their batting, apart from that of Joe Root and Zak Crawley in the first innings and captain Ben Stokes and Will Jacks in the second, was just as rash as in Perth. They also bowled poorly, pitching too short on the Gabba wicket and wasting the new pink ball, in stark contrast to an Australian attack missing spearheads Pat Cummins and Josh Hazlewood. Stokes and Jacks defied the Australian pace attack on a fiercely hot day to edge their way past the initial deficit target and begin to set Australia something to chase. They continued to frustrate the Australians in the second session until just before the drinks break, Jacks got an edge to Michael Neser and Smith snared a breathtaking catch at slip, diving full length to his left and catching it low to the ground. Neser struck again in the next over when Stokes nibbled at a ball outside the off-stump and got a fine edge to keeper Alex Carey to leave England 227-8, a lead of exactly 50. Gus Atkinson, Brydon Carse and Jofra Archer offered no real resistance as Neser recorded career-best figures of 5-42 and Smith equalled Rahul Dravid on 210 outfield catches, three behind current record-holder Root. Sixty-five was never going to be enough, and although Australia lost Travis Head and Marnus Labuschagne in the chase, Smith and Jake Weatherald guided the home side to an easy win in style.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/7/no-gauze-no-gloves-israels-severe-restrictions-on-medical-aid-to-gaza?traffic_source=rss
Article: “We are facing a situation in which 54 percent of essential medicines are unavailable, and 40 percent of the drugs for surgeries and emergency care – the very medications we rely on to treat the wounded – are missing,” Dr Munir al-Bursh, the director general of Gaza’s Ministry of Health, told Al Jazeera. During Israel’s genocidal war – which has spanned more than two years – nearly all of Gaza’s hospitals and healthcare facilities were attacked, with at least 125 health facilities damaged, including 34 hospitals.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/cricket/articles/c9qeyn3x4elo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Their preparation for the highly anticipated contest has been questioned throughout, with England playing only one, intra-squad warm-up match before the series and skipping a pink-ball warm-up before the second Test. "We all have to find a way that ensures that we feel prepared physically, technically and we are ready for the battle, but also to make sure we are fresh and make sure we can make those decisions in the heat of the games." Stokes led the resistance on the final day by surviving 152 balls for 50 runs but England lost 4-17 after batter Will Jacks was dismissed, leaving Australia a chase of 65 runs in their second innings.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/video/newsfeed/2025/12/7/bethlehem-lights-up-for-christmas-for-first-time-since-gaza-genocide-began?traffic_source=rss
Article: Bethlehem lights up for Christmas for first time since Gaza genocide began NewsFeed Bethlehem lights up for Christmas for first time since Gaza genocide began Bethlehem has lit its Christmas tree for the first time since Israel began its genocide on Palestinians in Gaza, offering a rare moment of hope even as West Bank residents under occupation face severe economic hardships and ongoing Israeli assaults.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/3-ways-men-and-women-can-protect-fertility-according-to-endocrinologists-11156111
Article: Wendy Vitek of Boston IVF agreed, explaining that people in good health at conception “are more likely to have a successful pregnancy.” She recommended establishing a consistent sleep routine of about eight hours, tracking ovulation and exercise, which helps balance hormones and reduce stress. He recommended eating a balanced diet rich in folate, vitamin B12, zinc and omega-3 fatty acids, limiting unhealthy foods like processed meats, high-fat dairy, sugary drinks and fried snacks and avoiding tobacco and alcohol. Hernandez-Rey stated that avoiding toxins such as cigarette smoke, drugs and excessive alcohol use “can significantly support long-term fertility.” He also cautioned men to avoid heat exposure to the testicles, including hot tubs and tight underwear, since elevated temperatures can reduce sperm count and motility.

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/12/07/nx-s1-5619794/maps-globes-maine-library
Article: From 400-year-old globes to cosmic shrouds: A Maine library brings maps to life toggle caption Greta Rybus/for NPR PORTLAND, Maine — For many of us, GPS has been a game changer - a tap, a voice, a turn-by-turn path, will get you there. A Library that lets students handle history toggle caption Greta Rybus/for NPR That's something that's revealed to students at the Osher Map Library and Smith Center for Cartographic Education, at the University of Southern Maine in Portland. "If you go to Australia," she tells a group of fourth graders, "they flip the map upside down so Australia is up on top versus like North America." Sponsor Message Renee Keul, Assistant Director for Education and Outreach at the map library, says the kids coming in definitely know what maps are. toggle caption Greta Rybus/for NPR "What's interesting is they very much see a map as something that is empirically true because we're so used to satellite maps and Google Maps where the information is most likely true," she says. "To understand that they're limited to the perspective of the map maker is kind of our first challenge when we're working with old maps." Maps are customized for each class. "But the point here is to get them out and to use them and to make a new generation really excited about historic objects and historic materials." toggle caption Greta Rybus/for NPR She says the Osher Map library is one of the largest in the country in terms of a map collection that's open and accessible to the public. "We have about half a million maps, cartographic items, globes, atlas books … dating back to 1475." Sponsor Message Mapping power, politics and perspective toggle caption Greta Rybus/For NPR The library's vast collection of rare and unusual maps is a boon for Matthew Edney, the faculty scholar at the Osher Map Library who teaches a university course on global history. toggle caption Greta Rybus/for NPR "You have refugees from Europe … You have all sorts of men and women going to fight and serve in the Army and Navy being moved to train," she says. "Anything that Google is doing now with Street View, things like that, is borrowing off of a convention that maps have been using for hundreds and hundreds of years." Sponsor Message Treasures from attics and breezways toggle caption Greta Rybus/for NPR One of the newest maps at the library is a large piece of cloth from India which was worn by a member of the Jain religion as they lay dying.

Link: https://www.washingtonpost.com/nation/2025/12/07/young-americans-struggling-disillusioned-harvard-poll/
Article: More than 40 percent of 18- to 29-year-olds surveyed last month said they are struggling or just getting by, and one-quarter believe they’ll be worse off financially than their parents. The message is clear, said John Della Volpe, the institute’s director of polling: The systems and institutions meant to support young Americans no longer feel stable or responsive to them, and they are fearful for what comes next. “Young Americans right now have no clue what the future holds, and are deeply concerned about that,” said Jordan Schwartz, the 20-year-old student chair of the Harvard Public Opinion Project. “They don’t think the country is in a great place right now, and they also don’t see any reason to believe it’s going to get better anytime soon.” The findings of the Harvard poll — which surveyed about 2,000 people — reflect that, with artificial intelligence driving much of young people’s fears about job security. Rayan Falouji, a 22-year-old living in New York City, said he was unsurprised to see other people in his age group name the economy as one of their top concerns. “It’s the number one thing right now.” Luis Reyes, a 26-year-old living the Los Angeles, was laid off from his job at a film-production company two months ago, and has felt frustrated that he hasn’t been able to find even part-time work while he continues applying for work in his field. “It feels like I can’t even get the jobs that are supposed to be easier to access.” Initially, Reyes’s unemployment claim was denied through a clerical error, preventing him from accessing benefits like food stamps and Medicare and forcing him to go through a court process to appeal the decision. Trust is also low among Gen Z, the poll found, with nearly half of young people avoiding talking about politics for fear of judgment, and just over one-third believing that those with differing political views still want what’s best for the country. The question’s addition came after the United States experienced several incidents of high-profile political violence recently: Conservative activist Charlie Kirk was fatally shot at a college event in September; Minnesota state Rep. Twelve percent said they support it when election outcomes are fraudulent, 11 percent each said they support it if someone else encourages violence or when someone promotes extremist beliefs, and 10 percent said it was acceptable when peaceful protests fail to accomplish their goals.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/man-arrested-after-pepper-spray-incident-heathrow-parking/story?id=128183158
Article: LONDON -- A man was arrested on Sunday after a "group of men" unleashed what may have been pepper spray in a parking garage at London's Heathrow Airport, the police said. "At this stage, we believe the incident involved a group of people known to each other, with an argument escalating and resulting in a number of people being injured," Stevens said.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/7/deadly-car-bomb-outside-police-station-in-mexicos-michoacan?traffic_source=rss
Article: “We stopped doing patrols because the operation is going on.” The community police, which patrol various rural communities, trace their roots to the civilian vigilante forces that took up arms more than a decade ago to defend communities from the cartels, and then were formalised by the state. Advertisement At least three of the six drug cartels that the United States has designated as “terrorist” organisations – Jalisco New Generation, United Cartels and The New Michoacan Family – operate in Michoacan, in addition to a number of other splinter groups, some supported by the Sinaloa cartel.

Link: https://www.latimes.com/politics/story/2025-12-07/chabria-column-rfk-jr-gavin-newsom-halle-berry-womens-health
Article: That’s pretty standard for these increasingly weird meetings, but the secretary of Health and Human Services specifically praised the president for ending a “20-year war on women by removing the black box warnings from hormone replacement therapy.” As much as it shocks me to say it, RFK Jr. A couple of days later, appearing onstage at the New York Times’ DealBook Summit, Oscar-winning actor Halle Berry took an unexpected and harsh shot at Newsom for vetoing a bill on menopause treatment. Advertisement “But that’s OK,” she said of Newsom killing the Menopause Care Equity Act (AB 432), which she had lobbied to pass and which had strong bipartisan support in the Legislature. “Because he’s not going to be governor forever, and with the way he has overlooked women, half the population, by devaluing us in midlife, he probably should not be our next president either,” Berry said. “Just saying.” The two events show just how complicated and controversial menopause care has become in the past few years, as women not only talk about it more openly, but demand care that for, well, basically always, has been denied or denigrated as unnecessary. Advertisement Looking a bit deeper, this seemingly out-of-the-blue menopause moment gets to the heart of an insurance problem that, male or female, most Americans have an opinion on: How much power should insurance companies have to deny care that a doctor deems reasonable? Advertisement A prime example of that is the “black box” warning that has been on many hormone replacement drugs since the turn of the millennium, when one large but flawed study found that such drugs might increase the risk of cancer or other diseases. A black box warning is the most serious caution the Food and Drug Administration can put on a medication, and its inclusion on hormone replacement theory, or HRT, put a severe chill on its use. “The misconceptions around the risks have been overblown for decades, fringing on dogma over real science and have led to population-level missed opportunities for life improvements for our aging women of the developed world,” wrote Michael Rodgers, chairman of the Santa Clara County Health Advisory Commission, on a public comment about the change. But Newsom seemed to take issue with a part of the bill that banned insurance companies from applying “utilization management” to menopause treatments — and here’s where we get back to agreeing with RFK Jr. “So what is ‘medically necessary’ is this very vague thing when it comes to menopausal care.” In his veto message, Newsom said the UM prohibition “would limit the ability of health plans to engage in practices that have been shown to ensure appropriate care while limiting unnecessary costs.” But the truth, and problem, with menopause care is that it is specific to the individual woman. Advertisement In June, Kennedy called out prior authorization across the healthcare industry as a problem, and announced shortly after that he had received a pledge from many large insurance companies to reform that process by 2026, removing the need for prior authorization from many treatments and procedures and streamlining the process overall. In his veto message, Newsom said he would go this route — adding it into his budget package — rather than work on a new bill in the regular legislative session. Newsom has made it a core part of his policies, and his presidential campaign, to be a backer of women’s rights, especially around reproductive care — and equity for women is a cause championed by his wife, First Partner Jennifer Siebel Newsom. But the governor also has long been hesitant to pass legislation that has costs attached (the menopause bill could raise individual premiums by less than 50 cents a month for most private-pay consumers). It would be strange days if January saw Kennedy and his chaotic and questionable Department of Health and Human Services offering better healthcare options for women than the state of California.

Link: https://www.latimes.com/california/story/2025-12-07/pacific-palisades-residents-preserve-community-with-block-party
Article: At the block party on Duende Lane, Elissa Atwood was delighted Saturday morning to greet neighbors she hadn’t seen in months, hoping their reconnection would help preserve the sense of community that was so shaken by the Palisades fire. The party, organized by the Marquez Knolls Property Owners Assn., was the neighborhood’s only gathering of the year — music playing from a speaker, Pueblano-style tacos sizzling on the grill, dogs happily roaming around. Advertisement Many residents say it has been difficult to get in touch with their neighbors, some of whom have left or are still deciding whether or not to sell their land. “One of the things we’re doing in our neighborhood is knowing each other’s contact information so we know who’s gonna need help.” Advertisement About 40% of residents in this corner of Pacific Palisades are senior citizens, according to Haldis Topple, former president of the Marquez Knolls Property Assn. She says she has contracted three architects so far, two of which took her money and “dragged out the process before dropping me.” Atwood says some insurance companies have not paid the standing homes claims for smoke damage needed to speed the recovery process. “People are still fighting it,” she said, adding that residents who suffered full loss have been paid by insurance companies, while those who suffered partial loss have received less than 10% of claim pay. “This has been a big obstacle for us coming back faster.” Advertisement Resident Michael Edlen, a Realtor in the area, said it may take up to five years “for things to settle down.” Many people have fled the area to avoid what’s ahead: years of construction, Topple said. “Some of them just don’t want to deal with it and have sold.” Eleanor Keare, a Pacific Palisades resident who lost her home in the Palisades fire, sports a “Palisades Strong” hat at the block party. Julie Valentine, a resident in the area, says she is still “traumatized.” “I just felt like it was a lack of leadership, a lack of planning, and a lack of understanding,” Valentine said. Eleanor Keare, left, a Pacific Palisades resident who lost her home in the Palisades fire, greets Gordon and Shirley Wong, right, the owners of Knolls Pharmacy, which also burned down in the fire. We are all in it together.” Among the speakers were representatives from the American Cross and American Legion, fire personnel from the Los Angeles Fire City Department Station 23 and a liaison from the Los Angeles Police Department.

Link: https://www.latimes.com/california/story/2025-12-07/online-child-safety-advocates-urge-california-to-increase-protections
Article: But Arnold said a man used Instagram to target her daughter while they were living in New York in 2022, sending private messages and acting like a “big brother” to earn her trust. Advertisement A third new law requires companion chatbots to periodically remind users they are not interacting with a human and to put suicide prevention processes in place to help those who show signs of distress. “We are in conversations with members’ offices and the governor’s office about getting that legislation to a place where he can sign it.” Another organization is taking a different approach. Common Sense Media Chief Executive Jim Steyer has launched a campaign for a state ballot initiative, dubbed the California Kids AI Safety Act, to take the issue directly to voters. “[But] we have the momentum, we have the facts, we have the public and, most of all, we have the moral high ground, so we are going to win.” Ed Howard, senior counsel and policy advocate for the Children’s Advocacy Institute at the University of San Diego, said one of its goals for next year is to give more teeth to two current laws. Advertisement Howard said the major platforms, like TikTok, Facebook and Instagram, have either not complied or made the reporting process “incredibly difficult.” “The existence of such imagery haunts the survivors of these crimes,” he said. “There will be a bill this year to clean up the language in [those laws] to make sure they can’t get away with it.” Howard believes legislators from both sides of the aisle are committed to finding solutions. Advertisement “We are still trying to do a little bit more research with our young people about how they want to interact with AI and what they think this should look like,” Francis said. “We think that is an important missing piece of the conversation; you’ve just got a bunch of 40-and-up adults in the room talking about technology and completely ignoring how young people want to use it.” David Evan Harris, senior policy advisor for the California Initiative for Technology and Democracy, said he’s keeping an eye on Washington as he prepares for the state session. “They want to take away that power from the states and not replace it with any type of federal regulation, but replace it with nothing.” Advertisement The White House has a draft executive order on hold that would preempt state laws on artificial intelligence through lawsuits and by withholding federal funds, Reuters reported Saturday.

Link: https://www.latimes.com/politics/story/2025-12-07/trump-pardons-elizabeth-holmes-theranos
Article: Touted as one of Time’s “100 Most Influential People.” At age 30, Holmes was regarded as a preternatural business talent — and, more impressively, described as the youngest self-made female billionaire in history — owing to her founding and stewardship of Theranos, a Silicon Valley start-up that promised to revolutionize healthcare by diagnosing a host of maladies with just a pinprick’s worth of blood. Advertisement Now, Holmes — who spawned a best-selling book, podcasts, a documentary, a TV miniseries and, not incidentally, stole hundreds of millions of dollars from investors — is lobbying for a pardon from President Trump. Advertisement Just about every president “has issued his share of controversial pardons and more than that, perhaps, pardons that just were in terrible taste, that violated all sense of reason and propriety,” said Larry Gerston, a San José State political science professor emeritus and longtime student of Silicon Valley. Advertisement Other malefactors he’s let off the hook include Changpeng Zhao, the money-laundering former CEO of Binance, which has ties to the Trump family’s cryptocurrency business; disgraced former congressman and embezzler George Santos; and Illinois’ politically corrupt former governor, Rod Blagojevich. Ulbricht, whom a judge described as “the kingpin of a worldwide digital drug-trafficking enterprise,” was sentenced in 2015 to life in prison for running Silk Road, a dark web marketplace where criminals used Bitcoin to conduct hundreds of millions of dollars in illicit trade.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/ncaa/urban-meyer-drops-boldest-curt-cignetti-take-youll-hear-all-season-11169445
Article: Indiana trailed 10-6 at halftime and scored just one touchdown in the second half to take the lead—but that was all they needed, as their defense shut out the Buckeyes over the final two quarters, sealing a 13-10 victory. Despite Indiana being one of the worst FBS programs historically, Cignetti has exceeded expectations at every stop in his career—and in Bloomington, he’s established himself as one of college football’s elite coaches. The best coaching job I’ve seen in my life—and in the history of the sport.” More news: Nick Saban, Kirk Herbstreit in Agreement on 1 CFP Change That Needs to Happen ... More news: Kirk Herbstreit Calls Out Nick Saban Over Past Lane Kiffin Decision In Cignetti’s first year, Indiana finished the regular season 11-1, with their only loss to Ohio State.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nfl/nfl-announces-punishment-decision-for-eagles-player-before-chargers-game-11168935
Article: As both teams gear up for the highly anticipated showdown, the NFL announced its official punishment decision on one Eagles player for his actions during the team's game against the Chicago Bears last week. On their official website, the NFL states that they issue these fines "to protect players from unnecessary risk and preserve competitive balance and game integrity." On Saturday, the NFL announced that it's fining Eagles safety Reed Blankenship $10,250 for unnecessary roughness for using a hip-drop tackle. The week's biggest punishment went to Isiah Pacheco of the Kansas City Chiefs for with a $46,371 fine for unnecessary roughness (use of a helmet) during the team's game against the Dallas Cowboys. More football news: Bears-Eagles Black Friday Game Delivers Historic Viewership for NFL The good news is that the funds raised from those fines will go to the Professional Athletes Foundation to "support legends in need and the NFL Foundation to further support the health, safety and wellness of athletes across all levels, including youth football and the communities that support the game," according to the NFL.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/woman-doesnt-buy-grandkids-christmas-gifts-but-not-for-reason-you-think-11142536
Article: In a video posted under the handle @tammie_time_, Tammie Kelton told viewers: "Another Christmas is right around the corner where I will not be buying gifts for my grandchildren.” Pausing for dramatic effect, Kelton added: “You think you hate me, don’t you?” before proceeding to explain the idea behind her stance. Kelton’s festive spending is likely to be in line with that, but her four grandkids, aged from 10, all the way down to one, won’t be getting any gifts from her. She took her son aside and told him: “I’m not going to be the one to buy them gifts: I’m going to invest for them instead.” She had another idea. “As soon as they got my granddaughter’s Social Security number I went and opened up a savings account in her name and gave her a birth present and then added to it from every paycheck,” Kelton said. Whatever they invest I will match it to a certain percentage.” She hopes this will encourage them to continue saving and break what she describes as the “generational curses” of her family. “I taught myself and my children [about money] now my grandchildren will continue the change.” Kelton's approach stands in stark contrast to the financial health of many Americans today with a recent survey highlighting the alarming number of U.S. “I don’t want them to use it for a car or a wedding.” Kelton’s approach has certainly stirred up debate with her TikTok video amassing over 1.2 million views and counting.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/benin-soldiers-military-coup-live-on-air-tv-station-11169585
Article: embassy in Cotonou separately said it was monitoring reports of gunfire and "unconfirmed reports of a coup." It warned members of the public to avoid Cotonou and the area around the presidential compound, as well as crowds and demonstrations.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/video/newsfeed/2025/12/7/drone-strike-on-sudan-preschool-by-rsf-and-ally-kills-dozens-of-children?traffic_source=rss
Article: Drone strike on Sudan preschool by RSF and ally kills dozens of children NewsFeed Drone strike on Sudan preschool by RSF and ally kills dozens of children A drone attack by the RSF and its allied al-Hilou group on a preschool in Kalogi in Sudan has killed more than 100 people, dozens of whom were children.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nfl/josh-allen-incident-leads-to-double-nfl-punishment-for-steelers-cam-heyward-11168906
Article: The holiday spirt wasn't in the air last weekend when the Buffalo Bills squared off against the Pittsburgh Steelers - at least not between star quarterback Josh Allen and defensive tackle Cam Heyward. "It just pisses me off." With just under six minutes left in the first half, Heyward claims Allen kneed him while he was attempting to get up after tackling the quarterback following a short run. More College Football: Lane Kiffin’s Immediate Ole Miss Replacement Revealed "He even said after, 'I had to do something to get you off me,'" Heyward said, suggesting it was an intentional act. Sometimes, you need fire like that to get you going." The two sparred once again later in the contest when Heyward was flagged for taunting after getting in Allen's face after the Bills quarterback scored a touchdown.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/what-is-dog-dementia-and-how-can-you-spot-the-signs-in-your-pet-11149038
Article: Dogs suffering from dementia typically experience "confusion, anxiety, altered sleep-wake cycles and reduced interactions with people or other pets." While owners should go to the vet if they are worried about their pet, Crawford warns that CDD is likely to be "undiagnosed," as the initial signs can be interpreted as "part of the normal ageing process, especially in the early stages of the disease when the signs are more subtle." Veterinary behaviorist Gary Landsberg adds that while there is "no hard and fast order" to which symptoms develop first, the most common early signs are "nighttime restlessness, decreased daytime activity and altered social interactions." Signs of disorientation, aimless activity such as constant pacing, and "house soiling with increasing severity" are also warning signs, however he stresses that these are "variable between individuals." Other potential medical problems in the dog, such as "pain, sensory decline, endocrine and metabolic [issues]" may also manifest as symptoms of CDD. Landsberg explains to Newsweek that DISHAA can "identify and rule out underlying diseases that may be causing or contributing to the signs," followed by validated questionnaires "to diagnose severity." Can dog dementia be cured? Landsberg acknowledges "limited therapies available for treatments," but says some "supplements, diets and medications...can slow progress or improve signs." Environmental management changes, he said, "might certainly improve well-being and symptomatically treat specific signs, such as fear and anxiety and repetitive behaviors." The veterinary charity PDSA recommends keeping each room your pet goes into as familiar as possible, trying not to move around furniture as it can confuse them.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/u-s-threats-over-christian-killings-dont-help-nigeria-says-11169598
Article: “There is a correlation between the recent statements and the kidnapping of girl students in two different locations, because then the terrorists want to use them as human shields,” Nigerian Foreign Minister Yusuf Tuggar told Newsweek on the sidelines of the Doha Forum in Qatar when asked about the threats. Tuggar said the kidnapping of more than 270 girls at Chibok in 2014, which grabbed global headlines at the time, had also followed threats of military action by Nigeria’s then president. Nigeria has dismissed accusations of Christian genocide, saying Muslims are as much a victim of armed groups as Christians in the country of 230 million people that has been beset by decades of violence rooted in ethnic, religious and political divisions as well as criminality.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nfl/nfl-reaches-punishment-decision-after-justin-herbert-maxx-crosby-incident-11169441
Article: The Los Angeles Chargers left SoFi Stadium last week with a 31-14 win over the division rival Las Vegas Raiders, but it was nearly a costly victory given what happened to star quarterback Justin Herbert. During that Raiders game, though, there was a moment involving arguably the two biggest players on the field when Herbert was shoved to the turf by Raiders defensive end Maxx Crosby, resulting in a 15-yard penalty for unsportsmanlike conduct, though some fans contested the flag on social media given Herbert wasn't shoved violently. More News: NFL Makes Final Decision on Punishment for Bills QB Josh Allen More News: Jared Goff Incident Could Lead to Big NFL Fine for Cowboys Pass-Rusher Many believed Crosby would also receive additional punishment from the NFL when it released its list of weekly fines on Saturday, but the All-Pro pass-rusher avoided taking a hit to the wallet as his name was noticeably absent.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/crmd44yz7nmo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Katy Perry goes Instagram official with Justin Trudeau 26 minutes ago Share Save Noor Nanji Culture reporter Share Save Instagram/@katyperry Katy Perry and former Canadian Prime Minster Justin Trudeau have gone Instagram official after the singer posted a string of photographs and videos of their trip to Japan. The 41-year-old accompanied her Instagram carousel with the caption: "Tokyo times on tour and more." X/@kishida230 Earlier this week, Trudeau, 53, also reposted a photograph of the pair together alongside the former prime minister of Japan, Fumio Kishida, and his wife, Yuko.

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/12/07/nx-s1-5636558/soldiers-military-coup-benin
Article: Benin's interior minister says a coup announced earlier has been foiled toggle caption Eraldo Peres/AP COTONOU, Benin — A coup that was announced in Benin on Sunday has been "foiled," the interior minister said in a video on Facebook. "Faced with this situation, the Beninese Armed Forces and their leadership, true to their oath, remained committed to the republic." Earlier, a group of soldiers had appeared on Benin 's state TV Sunday to announce the dissolution of the government in an apparent coup, the latest of many in West Africa.

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/12/07/nx-s1-5636547/fire-nightclub-india-goa
Article: A fire at a popular nightclub in India's Goa state kills at least 25, officials say toggle caption AP/AP NEW DELHI — At least 25 people, including tourists, were killed in a fire at a popular nightclub in India's Goa state, the state's chief minister said Sunday. It said at least 100 people were on the club's dance floor when the fire broke out and several rushed to the kitchen below in the chaos and got trapped along with staff. Sponsor Message The nightclub, located along the Arpora river backwaters, had a narrow entry and exit that forced the fire brigades to park their tankers about 400 meters away, the news agency said. Local village council official Roshan Redkar told the news agency that authorities had earlier issued a demolition notice for the club as it had no construction permit from the government. The state government has ordered an inquiry into the incident to determine the exact cause of the fire and whether fire safety norms and building regulations were followed, Sawant said.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/2-killed-russian-overnight-attack-hits-infrastructure-ukraine/story?id=128183253
Article: 7, 2025 shows firefighters working to extinguish a fire following a Russian drone and missile attacks to industrial and energy infrastructures in the Poltava region, amid the Russian invasion in Ukraine. Sajjad Hussain/AFP via Getty Images "Repair work began immediately after the attack and continue continuously," Volodymyr Kohut, the acting governor of the Poltava region, said in Ukrainian in a message posted to the Telegram messaging app. Zelenskyy said on social media on Sunday that, this week alone, Russia launched over 1,600 attack drones and around 1,200 guided aerial bombs, with the primary targets of them being infrastructure that keeps everyday life going.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/benin-latest-african-country-experience-coup-military-takeovers-128183252
Article: In a familiar scene across West Africa, a group of soldiers appeared on Benin ’s state TV on Sunday announcing the removal of President Patrice Talon and the dissolution of the government following the swift takeover of power. A group of soldiers mutinied and arrested senior military officers just outside the capital, Bamako, after weeks of protests by civilians demanding the then-president, Ibrahim Keïta, resign over accusations of corruption and failing to clamp down on armed groups. Mali is one of a tripartite group of landlocked West African countries, along with Burkina Faso and Niger, run by military juntas that have now formed their own bloc after breaking from the Economic Community of West African states, and have firmly stated their objections to a return to democracy. Doumbouya is running in the December polls and looking to shed his military fatigues, after a referendum this year allowed junta members to stand in elections and extended the presidential term limit from five to seven years. Shortly after President Ali Bongo, who had been in power for 14 years and had run for a third term, was declared the winner of an election in 2023, a group of soldiers appeared on television saying they were seizing power.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/man-arrested-after-pepper-spray-attack-londons-heathrow-128183162
Article: Police have arrested a man in London after a group of people were assaulted with pepper spray in a parking garage at Heathrow Airport LONDON -- Police arrested a man in London on Sunday after a group of people were assaulted with pepper spray in a parking garage at Heathrow Airport.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/nobel-laureates-arrive-week-events-awards-stockholm-oslo-128183346
Article: Nobel week is underway in Stockholm and Oslo, with laureates holding news conferences and lectures before receiving their prestigious prizes Nobel laureates arrive for a week of events and awards in Stockholm and Oslo László Krasznahorkai, laureate in literature, speaks during the signing of the Nobel chair at the Nobel Museum in Stockholm, Sweden, Saturday, Dec. (Claudio Bresciani/TT News Agency via AP) STOCKHOLM -- STOCKHOLM (AP) — Nobel week was underway in Stockholm and Oslo with laureates holding news conferences and lectures before they will be awarded the prestigious prizes. Hungarian László Krasznahorkai, who won the Prize in literature for his surreal and anarchic novels that combine a bleak world view with mordant humor, was expected to give a lecture in Stockholm on Sunday in one of his rare public appearances. When the Nobel judges announced the award in October, they described the 71-year-old as “a great epic writer” whose work “is characterized by absurdism and grotesque excess.” “Krasznahorkai’s work can be seen as part of a Central European tradition," the Nobel Prize organization said. Meanwhile, the director of the Norwegian Nobel Institute, Kristian Harpviken, said Saturday that Venezuelan Peace Prize laureate and opposition leader María Corina Machado will come to Oslo this week to receive her award in person.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Technology/wireStory/ai-powered-police-body-cameras-taboo-tested-canadian-128183548
Article: Police in Edmonton, Canada, have started a pilot project using AI-equipped body cameras to detect faces on a "high risk" watch list FILE - An Axon body camera is worn by MSGT Matt Gilmore who is one of the officers using Axon's Draft One AI software at OKCPD headquarters on Friday, May 31, 2024 in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma. (AP Photo/Nick Oxford, File) FILE - An Axon body camera is worn by MSGT Matt Gilmore who is one of the officers using Axon's Draft One AI software at OKCPD headquarters on Friday, May 31, 2024 in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma. (AP Photo/Nick Oxford, File) Police body cameras equipped with artificial intelligence have been trained to detect the faces of about 7,000 people on a “high risk” watch list in the Canadian city of Edmonton, a live test of whether facial recognition technology shunned as too intrusive could have a place in policing throughout North America. said police use of facial recognition technology posed serious ethical concerns, the pilot project — switched on last week— is raising alarms far beyond Edmonton, the continent’s northernmost city of more than 1 million people. A former chair of Axon’s AI ethics board, which led the company to temporarily abandon facial recognition in 2019, told The Associated Press he’s concerned that the Arizona-based company is moving forward without enough public debate, testing and expert vetting about the societal risks and privacy implications. “It’s essential not to use these technologies, which have very real costs and risks, unless there’s some clear indication of the benefits,” said the former board chair, Barry Friedman, now a law professor at New York University. Axon founder and CEO Rick Smith contends that the Edmonton pilot is not a product launch but “early-stage field research” that will assess how the technology performs and reveal the safeguards needed to use it responsibly. “By testing in real-world conditions outside the U.S., we can gather independent insights, strengthen oversight frameworks, and apply those learnings to future evaluations, including within the United States,” Smith wrote in a blog post. The pilot is meant to help make Edmonton patrol officers safer by enabling their body-worn cameras to detect anyone who authorities classified as having a “flag or caution” for categories such as “violent or assaultive; armed and dangerous; weapons; escape risk; and high-risk offender,” said Kurt Martin, acting superintendent of the Edmonton Police Service. Motorola said in a statement that it also has the ability to integrate facial recognition technology into police body cameras but, based on its ethical principles, has “intentionally abstained from deploying this feature for proactive identification." It didn't rule out using it in the future. The government of Alberta in 2023 mandated body cameras for all police agencies in the province, including its capital city Edmonton, describing it as a transparency measure to document police interactions, collect better evidence and reduce timelines for resolving investigations and complaints. states and dozens of cities have sought to curtail police use of facial recognition, though President Donald Trump's administration is now trying to block or discourage states from regulating AI. But in the United Kingdom, no longer part of the EU, authorities started testing the technology on London streets a decade ago and have used it to make 1,300 arrests in the past two years. “Lighting conditions, our cold temperatures during the wintertime, all those things will factor into what we’re looking at in terms of a successful proof of concept.” Martin said about 50 officers piloting the technology won't know if the facial recognition software made a match. University of Alberta criminology professor Temitope Oriola said he's not surprised that the city is experimenting with live facial recognition, given that the technology is already ubiquitous in airport security and other environments. “It may well turn out to be an improvement, but we do not know that for sure.” Oriola said the police service has had a sometimes “frosty” relationship with its Indigenous and Black residents, particularly after the fatal police shooting of a member of the South Sudanese community last year, and it remains to be seen whether facial recognition technology makes policing safer or improves interactions with the public. Axon has faced blowback for its technology deployments in the past, as in 2022, when Friedman and seven other members of Axon's AI ethics board resigned in protest over concerns about a Taser-equipped drone. In the years since Axon opted against facial recognition, Smith, the CEO, says the company has “continued controlled, lab-based research” of a technology that has “become significantly more accurate” and is now ready for trial in the real world. But Axon acknowledged in a statement to the AP that all facial recognition systems are affected by "factors like distance, lighting and angle, which can disproportionately impact accuracy for darker-skinned individuals.” Every match requires human review, Axon said, and part of its testing is also “learning what training and oversight human reviewers must have to mitigate known risks.” Friedman said Axon should disclose those evaluations.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/how-to-watch-abu-dhabi-grand-prix-live-stream-formula-1-tv-channel-11169476
Article: 7, 2025 Time: 7:55 AM EDT Channel: ESPN ( try for free Stream: Fubo Against all the odds, Red Bull phenomenon Max Verstappen has pulled rank and revived his shot at defending the Formula 1 title at the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix. However, a scintillating second half of the campaign has seen him move within 12 points of current leader Lando Norris, with McLaren agonizingly close to a first driver’s crown since Lewis Hamilton took them to the title in 2008. A thrilling performance in Q3 moved Verstappen to the front of the grid ahead of Norris (second) and Oscar Piastri (third) on Sunday, setting the pace with a top time of 1:22.207. Ferrari’s Hamilton exited in Q1 for the third Grand Prix running and will start 16th on the grid, with team-mate Charles Leclerc in fifth and ex-partner George Russell leading the charge for Mercedes in fourth. Fubo carries a wide array of sports and entertainment channels, including local sports packages and top national channels like ABC, FOX, CBS, ESPN, FS1, MTV, Comedy Central, and much more.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c98nldr06l2o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Chernobyl radiation shield 'lost safety function' after drone strike, UN watchdog says A drone hit the protective shell around the Chernobyl nuclear reactor in February The IAEA said repairs were "essential" to "prevent further degradation" of the nuclear shelter. However environmental expert Jim Smith told the BBC: "It is not something to panic about." In February, Ukraine accused Russia of targeting the power plant - a claim the Kremlin denied. International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) inspectors found that the massive structure, built over the site of the 1986 nuclear disaster, had lost its "primary safety functions including the confinement capability". A protective shield covering the Chernobyl nuclear reactor in Ukraine can no longer provide its main containment function following a drone strike earlier this year, according to a UN watchdog. Prof Smith from the University of Portsmouth in the UK, who has studied the aftermath of the Chernobyl disaster, said the biggest danger linked to the site was disturbing radioactive dust. But IAEA director general Rafael Grossi, said: "Timely and comprehensive restoration remains essential to prevent further degradation and ensure long-term nuclear safety." Since the beginning of December, the UN's nuclear watchdog has been assessing Ukraine's energy infrastructure as the country continues to defend itself against Russia.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/cricket/articles/cy0pqjp0jyqo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: If it feels harsh to use a 4-1 defeat in India at the beginning of last year as part of the judgement, India have recently lost 3-0 at home to New Zealand and 2-0 to South Africa. Bar dragging in rookies from the England Lions - who are getting hammered by Australia A - England will have to rely on this group of players to salvage something from the tour.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/russian-opera-opens-la-scalas-season-theater-defends-128183826
Article: (AP Photo/Antonio Calanni) The stage is prepared ahead of the dressed rehearsal of the Lady Macbeth of Mtsensk District, by Dmitri Shostakovich, at La Scala Opera House in Milan, Italy, Thursday, Dec. (AP Photo/Antonio Calanni) MILAN -- Milan’s storied Teatro alla Scala celebrates its gala season premiere Sunday with a Russian opera for the second time since Moscow’s 2022 invasion of Ukraine. La Scala’s music director Riccardo Chailly will conduct Dmitry Shostakovich’s “Lady Macbeth of Mtsensk” for the gala season opener that draws luminaries from culture, business and politics for one of the most anticipated events of the European cultural calendar. Shostakovich's 1934 opera highlights the condition of women in Stalin’s Soviet Union, and was blacklisted just days after the communist leader saw a performance in 1936, the threshold year of his campaign of political repression known as the Great Purge. The Italian left-wing party +Europa announced a demonstration outside the theater as dignitaries arrive “to draw attention to the defense of liberty and European democracy, threatened today by Putin’s Russia, and to support the Ukrainian people.’’ The party underlined that Shostakovich's opera exposes the abuse of power and the role of personal resistance. Chailly began working with stage director Vasily Barkhatov on the title about two years ago, following the 2022 gala season premiere of the Russian opera “Boris Godunov,” which was attended by Italian Premier Giorgia Meloni and European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen, both of whom separated Russia’s politicians from its culture. Chailly called the staging of Shostakovich’s “Lady Macbeth,’ for only the fourth time in La Scala's history “a must.’’ “It is an opera that has long suffered, and needs to make up for lost time,’’ Chailly told a news conference last month. La Scala’s new general manager, Fortunato Ortombina, defended the choices made by his predecessor to stage both Shostakovich’s “Lady Macbeth” and Modest Mussorgsky’s “Boris Godunov." ‘‘Music is fundamentally superior to any ideological conflict,’’ Ortombina said on the sidelines of the press conference. “Shostakovich, and Russian music more broadly, have an authority over the Russian people that exceeds Putin's own.’’ American soprano Sara Jakubiak is making her La Scala debut in the title role of Katerina, whose struggle against existential repression leads her to commit murder, landing her in a Siberian prison where she dies. “That I’m a murderess, that I’m singing 47 high B flats in one night, you know, all these things,’’ Jakubiak said while sitting in the makeup chair ahead of the Dec. So I guess we’re actually somewhat similar in that regard.'' Barkhatov, who has a flourishing international career, called the choice of “Lady Macbeth,” “very brave and exciting.” Barkhatov's stage direction sets the opera in a cosmopolitan Russian city in the 1950s, the end of Stalin’s regime, rather than a 19th-century rural village as written for the 1930s premier. Most of the action unfolds inside a restaurant appointed in period Art Deco detail, with a rotating balustrade creating a kitchen, a basement and an office where interrogations take place. Despite the tragic arc, Barkhatov described the story as “a weird … breakthrough to happiness and freedom.’’ “Sadly, the statistics show that a lot of people die on their way to happiness and freedom,’’ he added.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/russian-strikes-kill-1-us-ukraine-officials-wrap-128183883
Article: Russian missile and drone attacks have killed at least one person in Ukraine Russian strikes kill 1 as US and Ukraine officials wrap up third day of diplomatic talks KYIV, Ukraine -- Russian missile and drone attacks overnight into Sunday killed at least one person in Ukraine, after U.S. A man was killed in a drone attack on Ukraine’s northern Chernihiv region Saturday night, local officials said, while a combined missile and drone attack on infrastructure in the central city of Kremenchuk caused power and water outages. Kyiv and its Western allies say Russia is trying to cripple the Ukrainian power grid and deny civilians access to heat, light and running water for a fourth consecutive winter, in what Ukrainian officials call “weaponizing” the cold. The latest round of attacks came as Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy said Saturday evening he had a “substantive phone call” with American officials engaged in talks with a Ukrainian delegation in Florida. President Donald Trump’s outgoing Ukraine envoy, Keith Kellogg, said efforts to end the war were in “the last 10 meters.” He said a deal depended on the two outstanding issues of “terrain, primarily the Donbas,” and the Zaporizhzhia Nuclear Power Plant. The Zaporizhzhia Nuclear Power Plant is in an area that has been under Russian control since early in Moscow’s invasion of Ukraine and is not in service, but it needs reliable power to cool its six shutdown reactors and spent fuel, to avoid any catastrophic nuclear incidents. In comments published Sunday by Russian state news agency RIA Novosti, he said the strategy was “encouraging.” “There are statements there against confrontation and in favor of dialogue and building good relations,” he said.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/07/warren-buffett-nailed-the-timing-on-alphabet-whether-by-design-or-not.html
Article: He has spent decades warning investors not to try it, and the investment almost certainly came from one of his lieutenants, Todd Combs or Ted Weschler, who are more comfortable making tech-oriented bets. Buffett, who's stepping down as Berkshire CEO at the end of the year, previously admitted that he "blew it" by failing to invest early in Google even though he had insight into its advertising potential. "I didn't know enough about technology to know whether this really was the one that would stop the competitive race." Burry's view Michael Burry of " The Big Short " fame believes that Alphabet is actually the most traditional "value" play among big technology companies, the one investors often justify as cheaper than its peers. It's the one that everybody said, 'Well, it's cheaper than all the others, it's got good relative value,'" Burry said in a recent podcast with Big Short author Michael Lewis.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/07/gemini-success-to-drive-alphabet-shares-to-400-cause-openai-to-cut-capex-says-pivotal.html
Article: Analyst Jeffrey Wlodarczak on Friday reiterated his buy rating on Alphabet, citing continued momentum in the company's core business lines and saying that Google appears to be "winning everywhere" across the AI stack. He said he expects Gemini market share gains relative to OpenAI to continue growing at an accelerated pace and potentially "put OpenAI in jeopardy of having to pull back on capex" in 2026 given the scale of its commitments. Google's latest AI model surpassed OpenAI's ChatGPT on several key large language model metrics, leading Sam Altman earlier this week to declare a "code red" effort to improve ChatGPT as competition stiffens. "Search is a resilient cash cow with pricing power, a powerful driver of GOOG's best-in-class Gemini AI, with an opportunity to leverage AI [to] take massive costs out of the search business," he continued. "We also highlight that as Gemini AI takes search share (mostly from itself) the shared economics with handset manufacturers are dramatically lower (Apple actually pays for access to Gemini) which also helps with search margin." Alphabet shares have rallied 13% over the past month — far surpassing the performance of its "Magnificent Seven" peers over the same period — as investors have cheered the success of the Gemini 3 AI model and the company's growing in-house chips business. In addition to its AI model capabilities, Google can leverage its advantages in AI and with its Tensor Processing Unit (TPU) chips to accelerate its cloud computing market share and profitability, Wlodarczak said. Google's TPU business "still represents a massive opportunity with only 15-20% industry penetration of global workloads and this process is likely accelerated by the rising costs of servers (mainly due to material increases in memory costs)," he said.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/7/qatars-pm-calls-for-inclusive-engagement-to-achieve-elusive-peace?traffic_source=rss
Article: Speaking at the Doha Forum, Prime Minister Sheikh Mohammed bin Abdulrahman bin Jassim Al Thani says you cannot resolve a conflict ‘if you have no one speaking to non-state actors’. Doha, Qatar – The prime minister of Qatar, Sheikh Mohammed bin Abdulrahman bin Jassim Al Thani, has called for inclusive engagement, including with non-state actors such as the Palestinian group Hamas, as the only viable route to regional peace. Speaking to United States journalist Tucker Carlson on Sunday at the Doha Forum, Sheikh Mohammed said you cannot resolve or reach a solution “if you have no one speaking to non-state actors”. The start of Qatar’s relationship with Hamas goes back more than 10 years, he said, adding that opening the group’s office in the country came at the request of the US, aiming to enhance communications with the armed group. “When they [Hamas] moved their office back in 2012 here [Qatar], it was used only for communication and to facilitate ceasefires and aid to Gaza,” Sheikh Mohammed, who is also the foreign minister, said. “All our aid, financing, and all our support … went to the people in Gaza, and was a very transparent process that the United States is very aware of … [and] Israel was the one facilitating. “The mediator being bombed by one of the parties – this has been unprecedented.” The prime minister revealed that US President Donald Trump was caught off guard by Israel’s actions. “He made it very clear for everyone that this is like the red line, that he doesn’t want anyone to cross.” Reconstructing Gaza On the reconstruction of a devastated Gaza, following Israel’s ongoing two-year genocidal war, Sheikh Mohammed said Qatar would “continue supporting the Palestinian people”. “When it comes to the Russia-Ukraine conflict, we hear that Russia should fund all the reconstruction, and their assets should be seized to fund all the reconstruction of Ukraine,” he pointed out. According to UN estimates, 92 percent of all residential buildings in Gaza have been damaged or destroyed since Israel’s war on the besieged enclave began on October 7, 2023, producing between 55-60 million tonnes of rubble.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/news/us-news/new-orleans-sanctuary-city-state-support-immigration-enforcement-rcna247428
Article: “Thank you to President [Donald Trump] and [Homeland Security Secretary Kristi Noem] for ensuring Louisiana has the resources and coordination needed to keep our citizens safe.” “Operation Catahoula Crunch,” the name given by the Department of Homeland Security to immigration enforcement efforts in Louisiana, is the latest in a series of escalations unfolding in Democratic-led cities like Los Angeles, Chicago and, most recently, Minneapolis. It is unfolding, in part, at the behest of Landry, who has said an enforcement crackdown is key to fighting crime — even as police data shows violent crime, such as nonfatal shootings, burglary and assault, is on a downward trend in New Orleans. “The announcement of Operation Catahoula Crunch has caused significant alarm in our city and created a culture of fear among our most vulnerable residents,” New Orleans Mayor-elect Helena Moreno said in a statement. This included encouraging local departments to sign on to DHS’ 287(g) program, which allows Immigration and Customs Enforcement to delegate to local and state agencies its power to enforce federal laws. More than 20 parishes have signed agreements with federal immigration officials, including Jefferson Parish, which is home to the largest Latino population in the state and is adjacent to Orleans Parish. Consent decree The policies mirror similar efforts in other Republican-led states, like Oklahoma and South Dakota, but conflict with local policies in New Orleans, which is a sanctuary city and limits cooperation with federal immigration enforcement. In 2016, the New Orleans Police Department adopted a policy that prohibits officers from assisting federal immigration authorities except in limited instances, like a threat to public life or safety and when services are needed to execute a court-issued warrant. 19, less than two weeks before immigration officials deployed agents to New Orleans, a federal judge ended the consent decree at the request of city leaders and the U.S Department of Justice.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/politics/immigration/ice-arrested-nearly-75000-people-no-criminal-records-data-shows-rcna247377
Article: More than a third of the roughly 220,000 people arrested by ICE officers in the first nine months of the Trump administration had no criminal histories, according to new data. 15, shows that nearly 75,000 people with no criminal records have been swept up in immigration operations that the president and his top officials have said would target murderers, rapists and gang members. “It contradicts what the administration has been saying about people who are convicted criminals and that they are going after the worst of the worst,” said Ariel Ruiz Soto, senior policy analyst at the Migration Policy Institute. In mid-May, White House deputy chief of staff Stephen Miller threatened to fire senior ICE officials if they did not begin arresting at least 3,000 migrants per day, NBC News previously reported. “And they’re worried about this strategy.” It’s not clear from the data how many of those who were arrested were deported, but 22,959 are listed under the category of “voluntary departure,” meaning they left the United States of their own accord.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/world/ukraine/ukrainians-business-winter-blackouts-rcna244958
Article: At his escape room in Ukraine’s eastern city of Dnipro, Igor Nazarenko is one of many business owners finding new ways to keep things running during the hourslong power outages. An expanded lineup of horror-themed rooms, designed to unfold in twilight or complete darkness, can operate whether the power is on or off, Nazarenko, 38, told NBC News in a telephone interview last month.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/congress-rewrites-hemp-definition-reshaping-cannabis-rules-11162424
Article: Congress has rewritten the definition of hemp in a way that could wipe out most of the country’s popular hemp-derived products from the market starting November next year, harming a multi-billion-dollar industry and potentially leading to mass layoffs, industry leaders warn. The 2018 Farm Bill removed hemp, a derivative of the cannabis plant, from the Controlled Substance Act, and federally legalized it for cultivation, processing, and sale provided that it contained no more than 0.3 percent delta-9 tetrahydrocannabinol (THC), the primary psychoactive compound found in cannabis. This effectively banned intoxicating hemp from the market, but left open a loophole for hemp-derived products, like delta-8 THC, tetrahydrocannabinolic acids (THCA) and others, which have the same intoxicating effect while remaining below the legally defined threshold. Congress addressed this issue last month, closing the existing loophole in the 2018 Farm Bill with a surprise provision passed as part of the broader government funding which ended the longest federal shutdown in U.S. Section 781 of the “Continuing Appropriations, Agriculture, Legislative Branch, Military Construction and Veterans Affairs, and Extensions Act, 2026,” as the provision is officially known, effectively bans these hemp-derived products, outlawing products containing more than 0.4 milligrams of total THC per container. The law changes the definition of hemp as comprising of any part of the cannabis plant, “including the seeds thereof and all derivatives, extracts, cannabinoids, isomers, acids, salts, and salts of isomers, whether growing or not, with a total tetrahydrocannabinols concentration (including tetrahydrocannabinolic acid) of not more than 0.3 percent on a dry weight basis.” It also prohibits cannabinoids—hemp-derived products—“synthesized or manufactured outside the plant,” effectively banning any lab-created intoxicants like delta-8 and delta-10, and limits the allowed THC content to 0.4 milligrams per container of THCAs and “any other cannabinoids that have similar effects” or are said to have similar effects. The new law will take effect in November 2026, to give businesses enough time to adjust to the new requirements—but it is set to upset what is now a multi-billion-dollar industry. The Food and Drug Administration (FDA) and other agencies are expected to come up with an official list of cannabinoids that will be affected by the new law within 90 days of the bill’s enactment. According to the Journal of Cannabis Research, for example, a singular hemp gummy generally contains 2.5 to 10 milligrams of THC—far too much for the new limit established by the new law. Until then, the hemp industry, which is worth $28 billion and employs more than 300,000 people nationwide, as reported by CNBC, is in a state of uncertainty, warning of likely layoffs and enormous losses in revenues. “In effect, this is a total, all out, complete ban on hemp products in the United States.” The law could also complicate workplace drug testing, taking away the justification of having used legal hemp, and not marijuana, for those failing a THC test. “While the change to the hemp definition will seemingly alter the legal status of many hemp products currently available on the market, it remains unclear if and how federal law enforcement will enforce the new prohibitions when the new definition goes into effect,” the Congress Research Service said in an analysis published on Wednesday.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/vet-top-5-dog-breeds-act-like-humans-11156578
Article: Nathaniel Rakestraw about the top breeds that act less like their wolf descendants and more like a furry roommate: emotionally tuned in, socially selective, and fully convinced that your schedule is also their schedule. With that in mind, Rakestraw shared five dog breeds he sees acting most in sync with people—all of which have been previously ranked among the most intelligent dogs in studies by Stanley Coren, author of The Intelligence of Dogs. The AKC points to their loyalty, bravery, steadiness, and confidence, along with a rare ability to learn complex commands for a wide range of tasks and a natural instinct to protect the people they love. “Many owners describe them as partners because they want to be part of what their person is doing.” “They form deep bonds and understand complex commands, but they also pay attention to emotional cues." References Albuquerque, Natalia, and Briseida Resende.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/judge-blocks-access-james-comey-emails-daniel-richman-11169480
Article: A federal judge has temporarily barred the Justice Department from accessing some evidence it had used in its case against former Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) Director James Comey, according to a court document. What To Know The order, issued Saturday night by Washington Federal District Court Judge Colleen Kollar-Kotelly, stops the administration accessing the material in the next few days to draw up new charges. Richman asked the court on Friday to grant a temporary restraining order and prevent prosecutors from "searching, using, or relying in any way upon certain property illegally seized" or retained by the U.S. "The court concludes that petitioner Richman is likely to succeed on the merits of his claim that the government has violated his Fourth Amendment right against unreasonable searches and seizures by retaining a complete copy of all files on his personal computer (an 'image' of the computer) and searching that image without a warrant," according to the four-page order published on Saturday. Trump fired Comey back in 2017 and was later charged with lying to and obstructing Congress, allegations linked to his testimony to lawmakers in 2020, looking at how the FBI handled sensitive investigations and the 2016 Russia inquiry. What People Are Saying “The facts of the indictments against Comey and James have not changed and this will not be the final word on the matter,” the White House said after the indictments against Comey and James were dismissed. Former FBI Director James Comey said last month: "I'm grateful that the court ended the case against me, which was a prosecution based on malevolence and incompetence, and a reflection of what the Department of Justice has become under Donald Trump, which is heartbreaking." What Happens Next It's not clear whether the Justice Department will continue efforts to reindict Comey.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/mom-films-toddler-dads-arms-2-hours-lives-change-forever-11142189
Article: I remember this sinking feeling in my chest, knowing that something was truly wrong." At the hospital, staff initially suspected the toddler had ingested something, but the only clear symptom she voiced was head pain—a detail that prompted a doctor to order a CT scan. "My husband, who had seen seizures before in his family, kept repeating, ‘She’s having a seizure,’ and I remember the helplessness of seeing her lying there, hooked up to oxygen, unable to do anything." The first hospital decided the little girl needed to be transferred immediately.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/karoline-leavitt-mom-bruna-ferreira-speaks-out-ice-arrest-godmother-11169656
Article: The mother of Karoline Leavitt’s nephew has spoken out against how the administration has characterized her and her relationship to the White House Press Secretary, saying "why they’re creating this narrative is beyond my wildest imagination.” In an interview with the Washington Post, published Sunday, Bruna Ferreira called the White House’s characterization of her as an absentee mother “disgusting,” and said she "made a mistake" in trusting Leavitt to be her son's godmother. “I asked Karoline to be godmother over my only sister,” the Brazilian immigrant told the Post in a video interview from an ICE detention facility in Louisiana, where she is currently being held. … Why they’re creating this narrative is beyond my wildest imagination.” Ferreira, who has a child with the White House press secretary's older brother, Michael Leavitt, was taken into custody by Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) on November 12. In a recent interview with Newsweek, Ferreira’s attorney Todd Pomerleau said that his client has no criminal record and maintains close ties to the Leavitt family, contrary to the administration’s portrayal.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/melissa-mccarthy-snl-all-time-hosts-chart-11169505
Article: Melissa McCarthy returned to host Saturday Night Live (SNL) on December 6 for the sixth time since 2011, becoming the fourth woman to host the beloved late night show more than five times. Wearing a black velvet pantsuit with a silver motif on the shoulder and a silver flower buckle, McCarthy said in her opening monologue, “pinch me, there’s nothing better than Christmas in New York,” before humming “Carol of the Bells” with what she called her “mouth horn.” She then called for a bit of “Christmas magic,” asking for the show not to be stingy with the fake snow. She then proceeded to have a tug of war with an elf over a piano, before being joined by Kenan Thompson and other cast members on the stage for a collective singing of “Christmas (Baby Please Come Home)”—during which she continued playing her “mouth horn.” Viewers commenting on the intro monologue shared by SNL on YouTube praised the host for being “the queen of physical comedy” and bringing “greatness” to any SNL episode she appears in. The episode has been widely hailed by viewers and news media as a great comeback after the show’s Thanksgiving break, with the Los Angeles Times calling her “a comedic national treasure” who truly showed on Saturday “her incredible commitment to comedic bits.” SNL first premiered on NBC on October 11, 1975 and is now in its 51st season, which started on October 4.

Link: https://www.npr.org/sections/goats-and-soda/2025/12/07/g-s1-100390/pigeons-mumbai-india-public-health-jains
Article: A ban on feeding pigeons ruffles lots of feathers in Mumbai toggle caption Stefan Rousseau - PA Images/via Getty Images MUMBAI — For the past four decades, Mumbai resident Premlata Soni and her husband have fed the pigeons that flock around a reservoir known as the Bandra Lake. anti-pigeon For years, the city has tried to battle what they see as the scourge of pigeons — a bird that has thrived in a city of skyscrapers by nesting in apartment air ducts and near air-conditioning units. The last time he did, he says, "one man punched me in the face." Feelings run high about pigeons in multi-faith Mumbai — in part because for some communities, feeding them is a religious duty. Puran Doshi, a community leader, says the importance of pigeons can be traced to Jain scriptures, which say that one of their gods gave his life to protect a pigeon from a falcon. toggle caption Satish Bate/Hindustan Times/via Getty Images "Pigeon is not an issue, it is only an entry point," says Samant, "He also accuses Jains of being "migrants" — since most trace their roots to the Indian states of Gujarat and Rajasthan. "But they are creating exclusive neighborhoods in Mumbai, not allowing people to eat or sell meat — and now endangering public health." Puran Doshi, the Jain community leader, rejects the allegations. Sujeet Rajan, a lung-specialist from Mumbai, had told a high court in the city a few years ago that pigeon antigen — a protein found in their droppings — could cause a disease called hypersensitivity pneumonitis While the illness is treatable at an early stage, "most people realize too late, or report symptoms when they get more severe, by which time fibrosis has already started in the lungs," court documents from July this year quote him saying . "Many of these patients require oxygen at home, and often die suffering on ventilators." And while a lung transplant is an option, it is "extremely expensive, and fraught with complications and poor survival rates." Vaishali Chodnekar's husband died a few years ago after he was diagnosed with irreversible lung damage.

Link: https://www.washingtonpost.com/lifestyle/2025/12/07/dog-water-rescue-san-diego/
Article: About 5 surfers tried to help the dog onto the jetty, but she got spooked and jumped back into the water, where she was pulled out by a powerful rip current and was fighting to keep her head above water, said Marine Safety Lieutenant Ryan Foster with San Diego Fire-Rescue. "We knew we wanted to head out as far west as possible to be able to look east towards the beach to give us the best chance of spotting Sadie,” Smerdon said. (Video: Courtesy of San Diego Fire-Rescue) Alldredge jumped in the water and helped Sadie onto the sled on the back of the rescue water craft, which resembles a Jet Ski. “We are all dog owners and we all love dogs.” Barcellos and Valdez — who adopted Sadie and her sister Remi about five years ago — brought Sadie to an emergency vet, where they checked out and treated her for minor injuries.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/trump-hosting-kennedy-center-honors-recognizing-stallone-kiss-128184077
Article: Sylvester Stallone, Kiss, and Gloria Gaynor are among the luminaries being celebrated at the annual Kennedy Center Honors The 2025 Kennedy Center Honorees, front row from left, Sylvester Stallone, George Strait, Gloria Gaynor and Michael Crawford; back row from left, members of the rock band KISS, Paul Stanley, Gene Simmons and Peter Criss, pose for a group photo at the 48th Kennedy Center Honors Medallion Reception, hosted at the U.S. (AP Photo/Kevin Wolf) The 2025 Kennedy Center Honorees, front row from left, Sylvester Stallone, George Strait, Gloria Gaynor and Michael Crawford; back row from left, members of the rock band KISS, Paul Stanley, Gene Simmons and Peter Criss, pose for a group photo at the 48th Kennedy Center Honors Medallion Reception, hosted at the U.S. (AP Photo/Kevin Wolf) WASHINGTON -- WASHINGTON (AP) — Sylvester Stallone, Kiss and Gloria Gaynor are among the luminaries being celebrated Sunday at the annual Kennedy Center Honors, with Donald Trump hosting the show, the first time a president will command the stage instead of sitting in an Opera House box. The Republican president said Saturday at a State Department dinner for the honorees that he was doing so “at the request of a certain television network.” He predicted that the broadcast, scheduled to air Dec. “It’s going to be something that I believe, and I’m going to make a prediction: This will be the highest-rated show that they’ve ever done and they’ve gotten some pretty good ratings, but there’s nothing like what’s going to happen" on Sunday night, Trump said. Members of this year's class are pop-culture standouts, including Stallone for his “Rocky” and “Rambo” movies, Gaynor for her feminist anthem “I Will Survive” and Kiss for its flashy, cartoonish makeup and onstage displays of smoke and fire. Previous honorees have come from a broad range of art forms, whether dance (Martha Graham, Merce Cunningham), theater (Stephen Sondheim, Andrew Lloyd Webber), movies (Meryl Streep, Tom Hanks) or music (Bob Dylan, Joni Mitchell). He has criticized the center’s programming and the building’s appearance — and has said, perhaps jokingly, that he would rename it as the “Trump Kennedy Center.” He secured more than $250 million from Congress for renovations of the building. Trump has said he was deeply involved in choosing the 2025 honorees and turned down some recommendations because they were “too woke." While Stallone is one of Trump's Hollywood ”special ambassadors" and has likened Trump to George Washington, the political views of Sunday's other guests are less clear. "If your candidate won, it’s time to understand that those who don’t share your views also believe they are right and love this country as much as you do.” —- Italie reported from New York.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/7/indigo-chaos-why-is-indias-largest-airline-canceling-hundreds-of-flights?traffic_source=rss
Article: Air travel across India has been in chaos in the past week after the country’s largest airline, IndiGo, cancelled more than 2,000 flights starting on Friday, stranding thousands of passengers at airports across the country. The airline, which operates about 2,200 flights a day, has been facing pilot shortages after it failed to adapt to the new pilot rest and duty rules introduced by the government early last year. “Despite the two-year preparatory window before full FDTL implementation, the airline inexplicably adopted a hiring freeze, entered non-poaching arrangements, maintained a pilot pay freeze through cartel-like behaviour, and demonstrated other short-sighted planning practices,” the Federation of Indian Pilots told the Press Trust of India news agency on December 4. “Given the size, scale, and complexity of our operations, it will take some time to return to a full normal situation, which we anticipate between 10 and 15 December,” he said in the video. In his message, Elbers announced that the airline has three lines of action to address the crisis, which include customer support measures to effectively communicate cancellations and refunds, aligning with the DGCA’s regulations. However, international flights by Air India and its sister company, budget carrier Air India Express, have reduced international flight operations to undertake more safety checks after a deadly June plane crash that killed 241 people in Gujarat state. According to Indian media reports, the Civil Aviation Ministry has warned airlines that it has “taken a serious note of unusually high airfares being charged by certain airlines during the ongoing disruption” and has in turn “invoked its regulatory powers to ensure fair and reasonable fares across all affected routes.” As per a Reuters report, the government has said flight journeys between 1,000km and 1,500km (620-930 miles) should be capped at 15,000 rupees ($167). According to a study published last November by global trade association Airports Council International (ACI), India, however, saw a 43 percent rise in domestic fares in the first half of 2024 compared with 2019. So far, Air India and Air India Express, which hold 26 percent of the market share, have addressed the situation and clarified that “economy class airfares on non-stop domestic flights have been proactively capped to prevent the usual demand-and-supply mechanism being applied by revenue management systems”.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/video/newsfeed/2025/12/7/sudan-must-expel-foreign-backed-fighters-justice-minister-tells-al-jazeera?traffic_source=rss
Article: NewsFeed Sudan must expel foreign-backed fighters, justice minister tells Al Jazeera External support for armed groups and mercenaries is the main obstacle to peace in Sudan, the country’s justice minister told Al Jazeera at the Doha Forum.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/7/germanys-merz-meets-netanyahu-under-shadow-of-israels-war-on-gaza?traffic_source=rss
Article: German Chancellor Friedrich Merz has affirmed support for the creation of a Palestinian state, while Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has again rejected such a move, during the German leader’s inaugural visit to the country. Merz’s trip is playing out under the shadow of Israel’s genocidal war on Gaza – although Merz, leader of one of Israel’s staunchest supporters, does not consider it a genocide. Merz told the news conference that Germany, one of Israel’s most unwavering allies, wanted a new Middle East that recognised a Palestinian state alongside the State of Israel, and that negotiations on the creation of such a state must begin now. But Netanyahu said that the Israeli public was opposed to any two-state solution, and that the political annexation of the occupied West Bank – a concern raised by Merz and also rejected by the administration of United States President Donald Trump – remained a subject of discussion, although the status quo was expected to remain for the foreseeable future. The Israeli premier added that the first phase of Trump’s Gaza plan was nearly completed, and that he would be having “very important conversations” at the end of December on how to ensure the second phase would be achieved. Relationship strained over Gaza The war on Gaza has tested the traditionally strong ties between Israel and Germany, for whom support for Israel is a core tenet of its foreign policy, built in during decades of historical guilt over the Third Reich’s Holocaust. At the time, Merz said – in a public criticism of Israel that was rare for a German leader – that his government could no longer ignore the worsening toll on civilians in the besieged and bombarded enclave. Merz addressed the matter on Saturday, saying that “the actions of the Israeli army in Gaza have posed some dilemmas for us [and] we have responded to them” adding that “Israel has the right to defend itself”. No reciprocal visit on cards Merz’s visit – coming seven months since he assumed power – has come relatively late in his tenure as chancellor compared to his predecessors, with Olaf Scholz having visited Israel after three months and Angela Merkel after two. Speaking at the press conference in Jerusalem, Merz said the leaders did not discuss a visit by Netanyahu – who faces an arrest warrant for alleged war crimes in Gaza from the International Criminal Court (ICC) – to Berlin. But this is not an issue for either of us at the present time.” Earlier this year, Merz vowed to invite the Israeli leader and assured him he would not be arrested on German soil. In the meantime, back in Germany, activists in the capital Berlin held a demonstration to condemn Israel’s ongoing genocidal war on Gaza, to demand a halt to arms exports to Israel, and to express their support for Palestine. There has also been criticism from the political opposition in Germany to Merz making the trip at all to meet a leader with an ICC arrest warrant hanging over him. During the visit, he said “Germany must stand up for the existence and security of Israel,” after acknowledging his country’s “enduring historical responsibility” for the mass extermination of Jews during World War II. Advertisement On his arrival in Israel on Saturday, Merz was met at Tel Aviv’s Ben Gurion Airport by Israeli Foreign Minister Gideon Saar, who called Merz “a friend of Israel”. German support resolute despite criticism Reporting from Ramallah in the occupied West Bank, Al Jazeera’s Nour Odeh said the relationship between Germany and Israel remained “very strong”, despite recent strains over Gaza. Not only had Germany resumed arms exports to Israel following a short-lived partial suspension, but it had recently signed a $4.5bn deal for an Israeli-made missile defence shield, reportedly the largest arms export agreement in Israeli history. Odeh said Germany’s support had proven controversial at home and abroad, and had seen Germany being accused of complicity in genocide for its military support to Israel, before judges at the International Court of Justice (ICJ) ruled against issuing emergency orders to stop German arms exports. “The visit itself is quite controversial given that Germany is a member of the International Criminal Court and is obliged to hand over Netanyahu to the court, not meet with him,” Odeh noted. “The Israeli political system … understands that even that criticism … doesn’t really amount to much in terms of policy,” she said, describing Berlin as acting as “a brick wall at the European Union against any criticism, any action, any sanctions against Israel”.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/video/newsfeed/2025/12/7/benins-govt-says-it-thwarted-coup-attempt-after-troops-declared-takeover?traffic_source=rss
Article: Benin’s gov't says it thwarted coup attempt after troops declared takeover NewsFeed Benin’s gov’t says it thwarted coup attempt after troops declared takeover Soldiers in Benin appeared on state television to say they had toppled President Patrice Talon and taken power.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/opinions/2025/12/7/the-centuries-old-christian-presence-in-the-west-bank-is-under-threat?traffic_source=rss
Article: I grew up less than a mile from Shepherds’ Field in Beit Sahour in the occupied West Bank – the hillside where, according to the Gospel of Luke, the news of Jesus’s birth was first proclaimed. Caravans and construction equipment have appeared on a site the town had hoped to use for a children’s hospital, cultural centre, and public spaces – projects supported by international donors and meant to strengthen a Christian community that has endured for centuries. And yet it reveals a painful misunderstanding – the idea that supporting Jewish security requires tolerating the dispossession of others, or that acknowledging Palestinian suffering threatens the safety of Jews. And it leaves communities like mine – Christian families who have lived in Bethlehem’s hills more than 2,000 years – feeling abandoned by the very global body they belong to. And I believe that American Christians can hold two truths at the same time: That the Jewish people deserve safety, and that Palestinian Christian communities deserve to live on their land without fear.

Link: https://abc7.com/post/pretrial-hearing-luigi-mangione-resume-monday-court-releases-new-evidence-ceo-murder-case/18260411/
Article: Pretrial hearing for Luigi Mangione to resume Monday after court releases new evidence in case NEW YORK -- Accused CEO killer Luigi Mangione is due back in court on Monday for the resumption of his pretrial hearing as a judge weighs whether or not key evidence can be used in his murder trial. On Saturday, the court authorized an additional release of evidence, including a piece of paper with a to-do list, which prosecutors say was linked to the murder of UnitedHealthcare CEO Brian Thompson. The 911 call was released for the first time last week in court: McDonald's Manager: "I have a customer here that some other customers were suspicious of, that he looked like the CEO shooter from New York." 911 Dispatcher: "You said black jacket?" McDonald's Manager: "Uh huh.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c0q5l77qjd8o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Man arrested after people sprayed with pepper spray at Heathrow 57 minutes ago Share Save Jessica Rawnsley Share Save Video shows arrest outside Heathrow Airport A man has been arrested on suspicion of assault after a number of people were sprayed with what is believed to be pepper spray at a Heathrow Airport car park, police said. Tom Bate was waiting for a lift in the Terminal 3 car park when he saw "young men dressed in black darting through the crowd" before going through a side door. "I'm so glad to hear now that it's not terrorism because it felt like I was in the middle of an attack - it was pretty intense." Social media footage showed a large armed police response, fire engines and an officer appearing to search a handcuffed individual. Fin Fraser, who flew into Heathrow from the US on Sunday morning, told the BBC he saw "armed police running around and checking people's vehicles" as he was attempting to leave the car park. "When they came to ours, they knocked on our window and told us to wind it down and then they looked inside the car." Describing it as a "surreal experience," he added: "It felt like I was in a James Bond movie".

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cdd53m86dqgo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Murder investigation after child and woman die in Offaly house fire 1 hour ago Share Save Share Save RTÉ Gardaí say the fire occurred at a house in Edenderry Gardaí (Irish police) have launched a murder investigation after a four-year-old boy and a 60-year-old woman died in a fire in County Offaly. RTÉ The house has been declared a crime scene and is being examined by the Garda Technical Bureau "This was a reckless, callous and murderous attack on a family home," police said in a statement. Police appealed for anyone with information or who has dash-cam footage who was in the vicinity of Castleview Park or adjoining roads between 19:00 and 20:00 local time on Saturday to contact them.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/07/top-wall-street-analysts-favor-these-3-stocks-for-their-growth-potential.html
Article: Impressed by the Q2 performance, Bank of America analyst Vivek Arya boosted the price target for Credo stock to $240 from $165 and reiterated a buy rating, calling it a top small-midcap pick and including it among his favorite AI picks, with the others being chip giants Nvidia , Broadcom and Advanced Micro Devices . Arya highlighted that Credo's top line figures increased by double digits sequentially and triple digits year over-year for the fourth straight quarter, driven by strength in the company's active electrical cable, or AEC product line. The analyst also noted that despite some concerns about growing competition from rivals like Marvell Technology and Astera Labs , Credo expects mid-single-digit quarter-over-quarter sales growth throughout fiscal 2026 and fiscal 2027. Assuming a 50% market share, or about $5 billion in annual sales, the analyst sees the possibility of Credo delivering earnings per share of about $10 to $11 at 45% net margin. Furthermore, the analyst highlighted that MongoDB's third-quarter operating margin exceeded expectations by an impressive 750 basis points, thanks to a strong revenue beat and the shift in timing of some investments to Q4 FY26 and fiscal 2027. Overall, Reback is confident that MongoDB will be able to maintain more than 20% growth in Atlas revenue in the years ahead, driven by a "large and growing market, improving consumption trends, an expanding set of core and emerging growth drivers, and a growing legacy migration opportunity." Reback ranks No. The analyst expects the retailer to generate robust revenue and profitability growth, supported by "technology-driven scale and AI acceleration." The 5-star analyst discussed how Walmart is using technology to automate supply chain and in-store processes to drive operating efficiencies. The analyst is also impressed with the company's focus on "high-margin, capital-light" growth drivers, such as retail media, Walmart Connect, memberships, health and wellness, and financial services, which are boosting its profitability. Overall, Feinseth is bullish on Walmart and believes that it deserves a premium valuation compared to the conventional brick-and-mortar retailers, given its massive scale, brand value, and solid execution, in addition to its focus on technology and AI-centric strategy.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/video/newsfeed/2025/12/7/muslim-scholar-says-staying-vocal-about-gaza-matters-amid-israeli-assaults?traffic_source=rss
Article: Muslim scholar says staying vocal about Gaza matters amid Israeli assaults NewsFeed Muslim scholar says staying vocal about Gaza matters amid Israeli assaults As Gaza fades from world headlines, Muslim scholar Omar Suleiman tells Al Jazeera that abandoning the Palestinian struggle now would repeat the very failures that enabled Israel’s genocidal war.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/nation-world/hallmark-disney-joint-holiday-movie/507-41bfa4ec-6b36-42b4-a339-9e5c589a26eb
Article: In 2026, the Hallmark Channel and Walt Disney World are teaming up for the first time ever to make an original holiday movie, “Holiday Ever After: A Disney World Wish Come True.” The film, which is shooting on location at the Orlando, Florida resort, will star Hallmark staple Lacey Chabert and Travis Van Winkle, along with Richard Kind, Christy Carlson Romano, Bryce Dufee, Taegen Burns, Asher Alexander, and a cameo from Patrick Renna. “This film is a wonderful way to share that joy and pixie dust with fans everywhere.” While Hallmark and Disney have collaborated on merchandise for decades, this marks the first time the two brands have come together for a new, original film.

Link: https://abc13.com/post/1-killed-3-others-critically-hurt-single-vehicle-rollover-crash-northeast-houston-hpd-says/18260545/
Article: 1 killed, 3 others critically hurt in single vehicle rollover crash in northeast Houston, HPD says HOUSTON, Texas (KTRK) -- One person has died and three others are critically hurt after a vehicle veered off the road at a freeway entry ramp and rolled several times down an embankment, according to the Houston Police Department. Michael Barrow of HPD said that of the four people in the vehicle, one was pronounced dead at the scene, and the other three were rushed to the hospital with critical injuries.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c7vmlmm9343o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Rayner will make return to cabinet, says Starmer 24 minutes ago Share Save Paul Seddon Political reporter Share Save Reuters Sir Keir Starmer has said the "hugely talented" Angela Rayner will make a return to the cabinet, following her resignation over a tax scandal.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/07/millennials-bitcoin-crypto-divorce-law.html
Article: "In divorce cases, crypto is creating the same headaches we've long seen with offshore accounts, except now the assets can be moved instantly and invisibly," said Mark Grabowski, professor of cyber law and digital ethics at Adelphi University and author of several books about cryptocurrencies. "Some spouses want to keep the digital wallet intact, especially if they are the one who managed it during the marriage, while others want a clean monetary split," Bauer said. If a spouse (generally women, Settles says) suspects their partner is hiding crypto, their attorney may call in BlockSquared, which does anything from simple asset verification to deep investigations, tracing crypto across continents and into the murky world of wallets and exchanges.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/sports/formula-1/lando-norris-wins-formula-1-world-championship-final-race-2025-rcna246885
Article: The McLaren racer finished ahead of rivals Max Verstappen of Red Bull and Oscar Piastri of McLaren in the standings after all three entered the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix with a chance of becoming the world champion. He kept his composure despite an early threat from the Ferrari of Charles Leclerc and a few close calls in wheel-to-wheel racing after pitting for fresh tires and coming out in traffic. It came one year after Norris lost the championship to Verstappen — and boldly proclaimed after winning the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix in 2024, “Next year is going to be my year.” He made good on it — but it was anything but a straightforward season. But he fought his way back with a series of stellar performances and unforced errors by McLaren, most notably with a double-disqualification due to illegal plank wear in last month’s Las Vegas Grand Prix. At the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix, Verstappen qualified on pole position and held his lead at the start, moving over aggressively to cover off Norris, who started second and lost a position to Piastri on the opening lap. Norris was the first of the title contenders to pit for fresh tires, on lap 17, coming out into traffic and having to overtake a slew of cars that stayed out, giving him a few nervous moments. Toward the end, Verstappen grew inquisitive on team radio about whether Norris was facing a threat for his vital third place from Leclerc, which his race engineer told him was doubtful.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nfl/baker-mayfield-bucs-dealt-bad-news-before-saints-game-11169832
Article: "Our responsibility as professional athletes and NFL players extends far beyond what we do on the field, and it is incredibly humbling to be considered for Walter Payton Man of the Year. I'm grateful for the opportunity to make a difference through this platform and to help others overcome whatever challenges they may be facing." The news came just a few days before Mayfield and the Buccaneers were set to take on the New Orleans Saints. More Football: NFL Reaches Punishment Decision After Patrick Mahomes Incident vs Colts As Mayfield and company prepare for an NFC South battle, they'll be forced to play without a star member of the offensive line.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/donald-trump-fumes-texas-democrat-pardon-henry-cuellar-11169740
Article: Donald Trump has scolded a Texas lawmaker's "lack of LOYALTY" for announcing he will seek election again as a Democrat only days after the president issued a “full and unconditional” pardon. “Only a short time after signing the Pardon, Congressman Henry Cuellar announced that he will be ‘running’ for Congress again, in the Great State of Texas [...], as a Democrat, continuing to work with the same Radical Left Scum that just weeks before wanted him and his wife to spend the rest of their lives in Prison—And probably still do,” Trump wrote on his social media platform Truth Social on Sunday morning.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/student-loan-delinquencies-surge-credit-score-report-11169626
Article: Financial strains are pushing more Americans into delinquency, according to a report from TransUnion, with student loan borrowers in particularly dire straits following the end of the federal loan forgiveness program. In a recent analysis, the consumer credit reporting agency found that student loan delinquencies among rental applicants doubled in early 2025, with the share of those 90 or more days past due climbing from 15 percent in January to 32 percent in May. “Consumers across all tiers experienced notable score declines,” TransUnion wrote in its report, noting that more than 2.2 million borrowers saw their scores fall by over 100 points in a matter of months. Why It Matters As TransUnion writes, the end of pandemic-era student loan forgiveness has forced millions to make payments for the first time in years, creating a crisis for many of the country’s borrowers that is now “reshaping the rental market and creating new challenges for property managers who rely on credit-based scoring to assess risk.” And beyond student loans, the country is seeing a surge in delinquencies and defaults across almost every type of credit—a spike experts consider highly irregular and a warning signal for lenders and the broader economy. What To Know In its report, TransUnion noted that one in three borrowers are now 90 or more days past due, and that one in five have stopped making payments altogether. Prior to resuming collections on defaulted payments in May, the Department of Education estimated that more than 5 million borrowers had not made a monthly payment in over a year—placing them in default—and that 4 million were in late-stage delinquency. TransUnion’s report found that many have now slipped into the higher-risk lending categories as a result of the resumption, with credit score shifts affecting renters across each category, writing: “Even consumers who previously maintained high scores aren’t immune to the ripple effects of student loan stress." Among Super Prime borrowers—those with scores of between 781 and 850—51 percent dropped to Prime (661-720) and 45 percent to Near Prime (601-660). Among the Prime group, 59 percent fell to Near Prime and 23 percent into the risky, Sub Prime category for those with scores of 600 or under, as did 63 percent of Near Prime borrowers. Renters who looked financially solid six months ago may now trigger alarms in your screening system.” Maitri Johnson, executive vice president of TransUnion’s tenant and employment screening business, said: “The influx of applicants struggling with student loan payments could significantly impact property managers. Applicants who once met screening thresholds are now falling short.” What Happens Next TransUnion warned that the heightened financial stresses now gripping millions could increase the prevalence of fraud, writing that “renters under pressure may falsify documents or misrepresent income.” “Student loan stress is reshaping the rental landscape, and traditional screening methods simply can’t keep up,” Johnson said.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/betting/betr-promo-code-newsweek-claim-210-bonus-for-nfl-week-14-picks-11169703
Article: You can get familiar with the app by using that bonus right away, or you can combine that with up to $200 in bonuses from the 50% deposit match component of this offer. Betr Promo Code NEWSWEEK Unlocks $210 DFS Bonus Betr Picks is one of the most exciting apps in the daily fantasy industry, and it provides one of the best welcome offers. Here's an example: Caleb Williams over 195.5 passing yards Jordan Love over 224.5 passing yards Daniel Jones under 233.5 passing yards Aaron Rodgers under 205.5 passing yards Patrick Mahomes over 237.5 passing yards CJ Stroud under 232.5 passing yards After you have loaded in your picks, you will just have to decide how much you want to risk and pick a dynamic or perfect play. Claim Betr Promo Code NEWSWEEK Welcome Offer Click here and follow these directions to start your new account and claim this welcome offer: Enter the code NEWSWEEK alongside basic identifying information (Name, birth date, address, email, etc.) Make an initial deposit to get up to $200 in bonuses from the 50% deposit match offer (Credit/debit card, online banking, etc.) Start making your picks for NFL Week 14 games Newsweek may earn an affiliate commission if you sign up through the links in this article.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/betting/sleeper-promo-code-newsweekxl-claim-120-bonus-for-nfl-week-14-11169725
Article: As the Buffalo Bills prepare to host the Cincinnati Bengals in a crucial Week 14 conference battle, new users can capitalize on an exclusive Sleeper promo code offer on this matchup or any other Sunday showdown. With Sleeper promo code NEWSWEEKXL, this combination delivers up to $120 in bonus funds, providing a substantial bankroll boost just in time for a crucial stretch of pro football action. By using our promo code upon registration, you'll instantly unlock both the $20 bonus and the 100% deposit match, giving you a powerful head start for the exciting Bills vs Bengals matchup and other fun Wee k 14 games.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/betting/kalshi-promo-code-newsweek-claim-10-sign-up-bonus-for-nfl-week-14-predictions-11169722
Article: How To Sign Up With Kalshi Promo Code NEWSWEEK To start the sign-up process, click here or on any of the other links we have provided to go to the landing page.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/betting/underdog-promo-code-newsweek-claim-100-bonus-for-nfl-week-14-picks-11169712
Article: The NFL Week 14 slate delivers plenty of banger matchups, and you have a golden opportunity to get in on one of the best daily fantasy offers by signing up with the Underdog promo code NEWSWEEK before today's games kick off. We have provided an example of an entry you can make below: Josh Allen over 237.5 passing yards Jonathan Taylor under 95.5 rushing yards De'Von Achane over 83.5 rushing yards Caleb Williams over 191.5 passing yards Rashee Rice over 69.5 receiving yards From there, you will just have to risk at least $5 for your initial entry to get the $100 in bonuses.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/womans-gift-best-friend-25-years-strangers-tears-11154557
Article: "Even though we grew up about as close as two people possibly could, as adults we now live three states away from each other," Boyd, who lives in Nebraska while Amber is in still in their home state of Nevada, told Newsweek. "Whenever I'm on the phone, my kids automatically call out 'Hi Amber!' because 90 percent of the time it's her on the other end." But while they keep in constant touch, it can be difficult not to be there for each other in person when one of them is going through a tough time, as Boyd said Amber is now. As she explained in an Instagram post on her page @thistles.and.thread, Amber "marched straight over upon learning of my existence and declared to my dad, 'I hear you’ve got a daughter.'" Boyd was "promptly steered two houses down by this whirlwind of a girl, and we spent the rest of the day making beaded bracelets while listening to a b*witched CD on her giant boombox. Thus—in the most aggressively millennial kid fashion possible—was our friendship born." The elegant stitching shows the outline of three houses: two on each side stitched in black, representing Boyd and Amber's homes, and the middle stitched in white. Boyd shared the fruits of her labor to Reddit's r/Embroidery via her account u/colormuse on December 1, and wrote: "Made for my best friend—these were the first words she spoke to my dad when we moved into the house two doors down from hers 25 years ago." Boyd's embroidery had a major response on multiple platforms, including on her Instagram page @thistles.and.thread, Facebook, and Reddit, where it racked up a whopping 64,000 upvotes. Boyd believes it's been seen by more than 4 million people, and said she has been "completely blown away by the response," and that Amber herself can "definitely feel the love" from the countless online strangers. "Hundreds of complete strangers took the time to express how lucky we are to have each other, share their own friendship origin stories, and to hope that we remain best friends for 25 more years. I just know it"—to which another admitted: "I'm crying and I don't even know these people." And that person was correct, as Boyd revealed: "The day I posted the piece I texted her and said 'Check Instagram when you can; there's a surprise there for you.' "A little while later she called me on her drive into work, and I believe her exact words were 'You turned me into a puddle!'—and then she lovingly chastised me for making her cry and having to redo her makeup before work." As for what she believes has caused her embroidery to resonate with so many people, she suggested it's all about the "human connection aspect behind the work." "There's such widespread isolation and division right now, so it feels as though people are craving stories of enduring relationships—I know I am. "And of the stories we do see, a lot of them are focused on romantic relationships, which are wonderful, but I think tales of lifelong friendship are a bit less common." As she put it: "Amber and I are so much a part of each other's daily lives that I think we don't often stop to think about how rare it is to still be so close after 25 years." Do you have funny and adorable videos or pictures you want to share?

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/democratic-socialist-cameron-kasky-new-york-trump-ice-israel-11164306
Article: Cameron Kasky could become the youngest member of Congress if he pulls off a win in the crowded race to replace New York's retiring 12th District Democratic Representative Jerrold Nadler, 78, next year. As a survivor of the 2018 mass shooting at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Florida, which killed 17 people and injured 18, Kasky went on to co-found the student-led group Never Again MSD, advocating for stricter gun regulations to prevent future violence. Mayor-elect Zohran Mamdani just won a significant upset victory in the nation's largest city's election, resoundingly defeating former New York Governor Andrew Cuomo first in the Democratic primary and then again in the general election last month. Kasky said he will "create new opportunities to be disruptive because the Democrats' job right now is to be an opposition party," warning that more traditional Democrats "are failing to put up a meaningful opposition" to President Donald Trump and Republicans. He said Democratic lawmakers need to be willing "to put your body" and "your political career on the line." "You cannot be a tame politician right now just because you think that's what's going to get you re-elected," he said. Meanwhile, November polling by Data for Progress showed that Medicare-for-All, long maligned by critics as far-left and socialist, is backed by nearly two-thirds of voters, including a majority of independents and nearly half of Republicans. And what the state of Israel is doing in our name is not only completely unacceptable, it is bad for our people and will have consequences that a lot of individuals are willfully blind to." He said his campaign aims to "cut off all funding to the state of Israel and place sanctions until their expansionist violence is completely rooted out." "This is not a defensive war that the state of Israel is trying to convince us that it is through one of the weakest propaganda campaigns I've seen in history," he said. "Placing tough sanctions on the state of Israel and using our influence to end the genocide that they have been carrying out is what is best for Jewish people around the world." Many Israeli critics, as well as international human rights organizations, including a United Nations independent commission, have accused the Mediterranean nation of committing genocide against Palestinians. While the conflict between Israel and the Palestinians goes back decades, the recent war erupted on October 7, 2023, when the Palestinian militant group Hamas carried out attacks on Israel that left some 1,200 dead and took 251 hostages captive. A Crowded New York Primary Although Kasky is one of the most high-profile figures throwing his hat into the ring for Nadler's seat, the Democratic primary is crowded with at least 10 declared candidates, according to The New York Times. Whichever candidate manages to win the primary is expected to be the next representative for the 12th District, as Nadler easily won reelection in 2024 with just over 80 percent of the vote. Kennedy; New York State Assembly Member Alex Bores; New York City Council Member Erik Bottcher; New York State Assembly Member Micah Lasher; attorney and journalist Jami Floyd; and civil rights attorney Laura Dunn.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cg5m0mnvnvmo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: British photographer Martin Parr dies aged 73 The documentary photographer rose to prominence in the mid 1980s, with The Last Resort: his study of working class people on holiday in New Brighton in Merseyside. Truth is subjective, but it's the world how I found it." For more than 50 years, Parr's photographs observed with an apparently flat but amused and sympathetic eye the quiet rituals and absurdities of his home country, from desolate seaside towns to village fetes and modern shopping centres. The collection showcased the best - and worst - days at the seaside, with pictures of day trippers enjoying picnics among the litter and rundown amenities which characterised the Wirral town at the time. "The litter was quite terrible, but they just weren't used to it, so it was almost like it was my fault that the place looked so scruffy." Last month, in an interview with AFP, he warned the world needs the kind of satire captured in his images more than ever. It's unsustainable." Jonathan Stephenson, who collaborated on art and design projects with Parr over the years, told BBC News he died peacefully watching football, adding he was "a firm and loyal friend".

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/formula1/articles/czrk61y2nyjo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: The 26-year-old won the title by two points from Red Bull's Max Verstappen, who won the race to take his eighth victory of the year, one more than the Briton and his McLaren team-mate Oscar Piastri. McLaren were always in control of a race packed with tension even though Verstappen was on course for victory from the first lap, because Piastri finished second and was in a position to help Norris if needed. Norris becomes the 11th British F1 world champion at the end of his seventh season in F1, a year that he started slowly but in which he came on strong in the second half of the year.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/7/the-fragile-fight-for-justice-in-a-post-assad-syria?traffic_source=rss
Article: Saqr was a commander of the National Defence Forces (NDF), a militia loyal to Bashar al-Assad that was accused of atrocities like the 2013 Tadamon massacre, where, according to local Syrian officials, activists and leaked videos, dozens of people were led to a pit and shot. “I don’t think they will be able to hold him accountable after that.” Syria’s fragile peace A year on since the fall of Bashar al-Assad, Syria’s new leadership is dealing with the very real danger of people feeling frustrated by justice efforts being delayed or denied. As of November 2025, the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights (SOHR) reported that 1,301 people had died in what it described as “retaliatory actions” since the fall of the Assad regime in December 2024. “It is certain that any Syrian citizen will feel that if the transitional justice process does not start properly, they will resort to their own ways, which is something we do not wish for,” Abdel Latif said. It’s very important to realise that they do need to work hand in hand, but things are never ideal.” Transitional justice in Syria The government has set up two bodies to oversee transitional justice. Advertisement Ever since the fall, there have been concerns that this number is rising, with UN Human Rights spokesperson Thameen al-Kheetan saying they “continue to receive worrying reports about dozens of abductions and enforced disappearances”. “They’re saying at least communicate with us, at least let us know what you are doing.” The head of the National Commission on Missing Persons, Mohammad Reda Jalkhi, explained that Syria needs a huge amount of resources. “Unfortunately, we don’t really know what’s happening to these people, we don’t know where they’re being held, we don’t know what kind of investigation they’re being exposed to.” There is also ambiguity around arrests of security and military personnel who were linked to sectarian violence in Suwayda earlier this year, which killed hundreds of people. “My problem with the mass arrests,” said al-Baaj, “is that it’s not according to a plan.” “We don’t know how the government is doing its work.” Holding perpetrators accountable One of the big hopes among Syrians is for public, national trials of Assad-era war crimes. “We used to put the documents underneath the car’s floor and fill it with the furniture of the house.” CIJA now has a vast archive of security, military and intelligence documents that link war crimes to regime officials at the highest levels, all the way up to al-Assad himself. “We worked during the conflict, so the evidence was alive.” But while that suggests Syria has a head-start in the judicial process, national trials are still a long way away. “All of us want to see these public trials, want to see the whole process of transitional justice starting.” That includes people like al-Amayiri, who wants to see Saqr face trial.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nfl/snow-expected-throughout-major-nfl-game-on-sunday-11169849
Article: One of the biggest showdowns is a rematch of the 2023 AFC Divisional Round, as the Cincinnati Bengals (4-8) travel to Highmark Stadium to face the Buffalo Bills (8-4) in a game carrying major playoff implications for both sides. While Buffalo is still chasing the New England Patriots in the AFC East, the Bengals—despite being four games under .500—sit just two games out of first place in the AFC North. Joe Burrow and the Bengals have won the last two matchups against Josh Allen and the Bills, and according to NFL Network’s Cameron Wolfe, fans should expect steady snowfall throughout the entire afternoon in Buffalo. He’s going to take us where we need to go.’” More news: NFL Announces Punishment for Buccaneers QB Baker Mayfield More news: NFL Rules on Seahawks Discipline for Hit on Vikings WR Justin Jefferson The Bengals are coming off a victory against the Ravens on Thanksgiving night, while the Bills were able to claw out a win over the Steelers.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/girl-symptom-after-flu-shock-diagnosis-11150191
Article: Like any parent, Geuther was concerned, but she told Newsweek that there was “nothing that seemed alarming at first.” She continued to monitor her daughter and the fever eventually broke. When the results came back, she was diagnosed with benign acute childhood myositis, a rare disease that typically follows a viral upper respiratory infection, such as the flu, according to the National Institutes of Health (NIH). I shared our story because I know a lot of parents have never heard of viral myositis, and I hope this helps someone catch it sooner.” Is there a health issue that's worrying you?

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/trump-may-walk-away-from-ukraine-says-donald-trump-jr-11169847
Article: Why It Matters The comments from Trump’s oldest son are a sign of the growing frustration in his administration with attempts to broker peace in Ukraine, where Russia has continued to stage heavy attacks despite the peace efforts and Ukraine and its European allies have been critical of the apparent U.S. criticized European countries complaining about his father’s attempts to secure a peace deal they say would reward Russian aggression when they are not willing or able to do more themselves. Strains between Trump and the Europeans have deepened since the release of a new National Security Strategy late last week that described Europe in terms of decline and questioned how long its countries could remain allies. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton was critical of Trump’s relationship with allies and his policy in Ukraine, describing it as: “Supporting Russia’s invasion of Ukraine, both in an affirmative way by very rarely criticizing Putin for the brutal war that he has waged on the Ukrainian people and then attempting to try to coerce the Ukrainians into accepting a negotiated ceasefire and peace deal.” Trump Jr. What People Are Saying Donald Trump Jr.: “It was a far more corrupt country than Russia as delegated by the United States government prior to this war, but then because of the war, and because he's one of the great marketers of all time, Zelensky became a borderline deity, especially to the left, where he could do no wrong.” Hillary Clinton: “Putin is intent upon taking as much of Ukraine as he can. I think we could have played, both in the Biden administration and now in the Trump administration, a much more assertive role in trying to help Ukraine continue to do the very job it’s doing defending itself.” Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky said in an X post on Saturday: " Ukraine is determined to keep working in good faith with the American side to genuinely achieve peace. I thank President Trump @POTUS for such an intensive approach to negotiations.” What Happens Next Even if Ukraine and its European allies agree terms for peace that they believe would be acceptable, those are unlikely to meet with Moscow’s approval while it still sees itself as having a military advantage.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/formula1/articles/c8xdp1yw90qo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: His team-mate Oscar Piastri had progressed significantly through some assiduous work with the team over the winter, and Norris was not feeling the car in the way he needed to be quick. "Two reasons I've done well are: one, I've done a better job, so I'm performing better more often; and two, I'm not always more positive, but I'm more positive and less negative about when I have bad days and bad sessions. "So it's with those great opportunities and those greatest challenges that his development rate has actually sped up, to kind of mirror-image that." Which should mean there is more to come.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cpvd01g2kwwo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: New US Security Strategy aligns with Russia's vision, Moscow says 33 minutes ago Share Save Rachel Muller-Heyndyk Share Save AFP via Getty Images Putin and Trump last met in August for a summit as a US base in Alaska Russia has welcomed Donald Trump's new US National Security Strategy, calling it "largely consistent" with Moscow's vision. In the document, the EU is blamed for blocking US efforts to end the conflict and says that the US must "re-establish strategic stability to Russia" which would "stabilise European economies". The new report also calls for the restoration of "Western identity", and claims that Europe will be "unrecognisable in 20 years or less" and its economic issues are "eclipsed by the real and more stark prospect of civilisational erasure".

Link: https://www.bbc.co.uk/sounds/play/p0mm45zt?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Available for over a year Today, Laura and Paddy are joined by Joe Pike to look at government plans to offer young people on benefits taxpayer funded jobs in areas such as construction and hospitality. If you're in the UK, for more News and Current Affairs podcasts from the BBC, listen on BBC Sounds: https://bbc.in/4guXgXd Newscast brings you daily analysis of the latest political news stories from the BBC.

Link: https://www.bbc.co.uk/sounds/play/w3ct8byt?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Available for over a year As the United States gets ready to host the Fifa World Cup 2026, Americast looks at what’s behind the close relationship between Donald Trump and the president of football’s world governing body, Gianna Infantino. The US president has threatened to move scheduled games away from Democrat cities, and the Fifa president has been criticised for creating a special peace prize that Donald Trump is widely expected to win. Hosts Sarah Smith, North America editor and Anthony Zurcher, North America correspondent are joined by guest Henry Bushnell, senior writer for the Athletic Producer: George Dabby with Alix Pickles and Grace Reeve Sound engineer: Mike Regaard Editor: Sam Bonham Get in touch: • Join our online community: https://discord.gg/qSrxqNcmRB • Send us a message or voice note via WhatsApp to +44 330 123 9480 • Email Americast@bbc.co.uk • Or use #Americast If you want to be notified every time we publish a new episode, please subscribe to us on BBC Sounds by hitting the subscribe button on the app.

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/12/07/nx-s1-5636627/mclaren-lando-norris-wins-first-formula-1-title-at-abu-dhabi
Article: McLaren's Lando Norris wins first F1 title at season-ending Abu Dhabi Grand Prix toggle caption Darko Bandic/AP ABU DHABI, United Arab Emirates — McLaren driver Lando Norris clinched his first Formula 1 title at the season-ending Abu Dhabi Grand Prix on Sunday. Red Bull driver and defending champion Max Verstappen won the race with Norris placing third behind his McLaren teammate Oscar Piastri in second, which allowed Norris to finish two points ahead of Verstappen in the season-long standings.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/07/trump-tariffs-trade-war-china-manufacturing-supply-chain.html
Article: The proportion of volume from suppliers in China, Hong Kong, and Korea has declined from 90% to 50% over the past decade, reflecting a long-term diversification of supply chains that picked up steam during the first Trump administration and trade war, according to an analysis from Wells Fargo Supply Chain Finance. "From 2018 to 2020, the supplier diversification away from China nearly doubled after the first tariff actions," said Jeremy Jansen, head of global originations at Wells Fargo Supply Chain Finance. According to Project 44, which tracks supply chain shifts, China's trade in 2025 has increased to Indonesia by 29.2 percent, Vietnam by 23 percent, India by 19.4 percent and Thailand by 4.3 percent.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/07/beef-prices-are-soaring-heres-why-thats-hard-to-fix.html
Article: Prices in the beef and veal category are up 14.7%, while overall food is up 3.1% from September 2024 to September 2025 — the latest publicly available consumer price index data due to the government shutdown in October. I mean, if people are paying $6 for a latte at Starbucks, but then they're paying $6 for a pound of beef, they're able to feed a family for a family of three with that pound of beef," said Taylon Lienemann, co-owner of Linetics Ranch in Princeton, Nebraksa. And I think when the money is on the table, there's an incentive to go ahead and sell those to the food supply system, especially when demand is so high from the consumer," said Adam Wegner, director of marketing for the Nebraska Beef Council. "The amount of cattle that are out there are still out there, and they're still needing that feed." During times of drought, ranchers will often supplement grass feed with grain.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/sports/2025/12/7/lando-norris-wins-first-f1-world-championship-title-at-abu-dhabi-gp?traffic_source=rss
Article: A galaxy of F1 greats followed – James Hunt (1976), Niki Lauda (1984), Alain Prost (1985, 1986, 1989), Ayrton Senna (1988, 1990, 1991), Mika Hakkinen (1998, 1999) and Hamilton in 2008. “For me to bring something back to them, I feel like I did my part for the team this year, so I’m proud of myself.” Piastri, who had led the championship for much of the season before being overtaken by Norris in Mexico, finished third in the standings. Sunday’s season closer was the first time the title was decided by a contest involving more than two drivers since a four-way scrap at the final race in Abu Dhabi in 2010.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/sports/nfl/nfl-week-14-steelers-ravens-texans-chiefs-playoffs-rcna247485
Article: In the NFC, 10 teams have a winning record entering Week 14 for only the third time (after 2014 and 1979) since the 1970 AFL-NFL merger, according to NBC Sports research. Houston has a chance to become only the seventh team in NFL history — and only the second in the past quarter century — to make the postseason after starting 0-3. Of the eight divisions in the NFL, five are currently separated by one or fewer games, the first time that’s been the case this deep into the season since 2019, per NBC Sports research. Though the Ravens have won five of their last six games, Jackson hasn’t looked like his old self, completing just 56% of his passes since Week 10 and failing to throw a touchdown pass in his last three games, the longest streak of his career as a starter. The Colts were the NFL’s darling while starting 7-1, but their rocky record since has put them in danger of becoming only the sixth team since 1970 to start 7-1 or better and still miss the playoffs. Yet if this topsy-turvy season, where no dominant team has emerged, has revealed anything, it’s that when the Packers and Bears meet again in just two weeks, the playoff picture could be just as murky as it is now. What else we're watching for in Week 14 Steelers (6-6) at Ravens (6-6): Baltimore’s John Harbaugh and Pittsburgh’s Mike Tomlin are facing each other for the 39th time, which trails only George Halas and Curly Lambeau (49 meetings) for the most by two head coaches in history. Dolphins (5-7) at Jets (3-9): With a loss, the Jets will miss the playoffs for the 15th consecutive season, which will become the longest active playoff drought not only among NFL teams, but also in the NBA, NHL, MLB and WNBA. He’s doing a really good job.” Rams (9-3) at Cardinals (3-9): One bright spot for Arizona is that tight end Trey McBride’s 88 catches are the most in the league. Eagles (8-4) at Chargers (8-4) on Monday: With 21 touchdown passes this season, Justin Herbert joins Russell Wilson, Peyton Manning and Dan Marino among the only quarterbacks with 20-plus touchdown passes in each of their first six seasons.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/mlb/dodgers-predicted-to-make-villainous-signing-at-winter-meetings-11169941
Article: On Sunday, with the Major League Baseball Winter Meetings getting set to begin in Orlando, Kerry Miller of Bleacher Report made a bold prediction that fans of 29 other teams would dread. "And unless they're super high on Harrison Bader or Adolis García, the only free agents who would actually be an upgrade are Tucker and Cody Bellinger—the latter of whom might be opposed to a reunion with the team that non-tendered him three winters ago. "Tucker signs with the Dodgers, who steer headlong into their villainous role with yet another massive contract that is largely deferred." Tucker had a two-month slump this season that may have prevented him from getting close to a $500 million contract, but $300 million still seems like the bare minimum. Hernández could easily be shifted back to left field, where he played last year before flipping over to right, but he could also be traded if the Dodgers felt like they were getting good value from a team that needed his right-handed power.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/ncaa/penn-state-interest-nfl-coach-before-matt-campbell-hire-11169926
Article: The Penn State Nittany Lions finally have a new head coach after the midseason firing of James Franklin, bringing in former Iowa State head coach Matt Campbell to lead the program into the future. "Before Penn State hired Iowa State's Matt Campbell as its next head football coach, the university spoke to an up-and-coming NFL assistant about returning to the college ranks," Rapoport wrote. "Browns offensive coordinator Tommy Rees interviewed virtually with Nittany Lions decision-makers late last week as the program was finalizing its search, sources say." Rees is in his first season as the Browns' offensive coordinator.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/betting/bet365-bonus-code-week365-claim-150-nfl-week-14-bonus-365-missouri-offer-11169813
Article: We have a huge day ahead in the NFL with Week 14 games taking place, and the bet365 bonus code WEEK365 gives you the choice between two no-brainer welcome offers. If you prefer the $1,000 safety net, wager up to that amount on any game today knowing you will get a bonus refund if your bet settles as a loss. Bet boosts like the ones below are great examples: James Cook, Jonathan Taylor, De'Von Achane, Bucky Irving, Derrick Henry, Bijan Robinson EACH score a touchdown (+1600 boosted to +2003) Joe Burrow, Trevor Lawrence, Baker Mayfield, Sam Darnold EACH score a touchdown (+1268 boosted to +1522) Bears moneyline, Caleb Williams 200+ passing yards, D'Andre Swift 50+ rushing yards (+825 boosted to +1000) Travis Kelce, Nico Collins, Rashee Rice EACH score a touchdown (+1300 boosted to +1400) Bet up to $1,000 on any of these boosts or any other market for today's games to either win a large payout or get a bonus refund credited to your account. So, you could bet on the Bears moneyline and get your winning payout if they go up by 17, even if they go on to lose the game from there. We will outline those steps for you below: to go to the landing page Click here to go to the landing page Enter the bonus code WEEK365 alongside basic identifying information (Legal name, birth date, mailing address, etc.) Complete an initial deposit with a compatible payment method (Credit/debit card, online banking, etc.) Place your first bet to activate your preferred offer Utilize any bonus bets you receive within one week before expiration Newsweek may earn an affiliate commission if you sign up through the links in this article.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/ncaa/notre-dame-gets-brutal-prediction-before-college-football-playoff-reveal-11169940
Article: The Notre Dame Fighting Irish are holding their collective breath on Sunday as the College Football Playoff committee meets to determine the final rankings - and which 12 teams will make the playoff. Marcus Freeman and company received some good news when Texas Tech dispatched BYU in the Big 12 title game and again got good news on Saturday afternoon when Georgia soundly defeated the Alabama Crimson Tide to win the SEC. The committee has been jostling Alabama and Notre Dame since the playoff rankings first emerged in Week 11, but a loss from the Crimson Tide could open the door for the Fighting Irish. More Football: NFL Reaches Punishment Decision After Jaxson Dart Incident vs Patriots On Sunday morning, the man who correctly predicted an undefeated Florida State team would miss the playoff in 2023 is now predicting Notre Dame to miss the playoff.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/betting/draftkings-promo-code-claim-200-nfl-week-14-300-missouri-bonus-11169754
Article: 50+ rushing + receiving yards (-407) Caleb Williams 150+ passing yards (-411) Patrick Mahomes 190+ passing yards (-482) Betting $5 on any of these markets will give you a good chance of securing your reward. Pre-Made Parlays For NFL Week 14 Make sure to survey the trending pre-made parlay options for NFL Week 14, too: Bills moneyline, Josh Allen 230+ passing yards, James Cook 80+ rushing yards, Dalton Kincaid to score a touchdown (+650) Jonathan Taylor, Davante Adams, De'Von Achane, Josh Jacobs, Josh Allen EACH score a touchdown (+894) Troy Franklin, Davante Adams, Kareem Hunt EACH score a touchdown (+1118) Ja'Marr Chase, Davante Adams, Jaxon Smith-Njigba, Rashee Rice, Puka Nacua EACH score a touchdown (+2524) Ja'Marr Chase to score a touchdown, Jaylen Waddle under 65.5 receiving yards, Bears-Packers over 12.5 4Q points Josh Jacobs and Davante Adams EACH score a touchdown, James Cook 90+ rushing yards, Derrick Henry 70+ rushing yards (+506) DraftKings Promo Code: How To Register Click here or on any of the other links on this page to get started with your welcome offer. Then follow these directions: Enter basic personal information (Name, date of birth, mailing address, etc.) Complete your first deposit with a payment method (Credit/debit card, online banking, etc.) Make your initial bet of at least $5 and wait for it to settle If your bet wins, use your $200 in bonus bets within one week before they expire Newsweek may earn an affiliate commission if you sign up through the links in this article.

Link: https://abc13.com/post/argument-between-father-law-son-leads-apparent-murder-suicide-hpd-says/18260606/
Article: Argument between father-in-law and son-in-law leads to apparent murder-suicide, HPD says HOUSTON, Texas (KTRK) -- An argument between a father-in-law and son-in-law in northwest Houston ended in what police believe was a murder-suicide, according to HPD.

Link: https://abc7.com/post/fire-nightclub-indias-goa-state-leaves-25-dead/18260707/
Article: Fire at popular nightclub in India's Goa state leaves 25 dead NEW DELHI -- A fire ripped through a popular nightclub in India's Goa state, killing 25 people, including tourists, the state's chief minister said Sunday. The nightclub, located along the Arpora River backwaters, had a narrow entry and exit that forced the firefighters to park their tankers about 400 meters (1,300 feet) away, delaying the efforts, the news agency said. "This is not just an accident; it is a criminal failure of safety and governance," Rahul Gandhi, a top leader of India's main opposition Congress party, wrote in a social media post. He called for a transparent probe to "fix accountability and ensure such preventable tragedies don't occur again." The western coastal state of Goa is one of India's most popular tourist destinations, known for its sandy beaches.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/opinions/2025/12/7/abu-shababs-death-signals-the-inevitable-failure-of-israels-plan-for-gaza?traffic_source=rss
Article: “[The death of Yasser Abu Shabab] marks the end of a dark chapter – one that did not reflect our tribe’s history and principles …The Tarabin tribe stands with the Palestinian resistance in all its factions … it refuses to let our tribe’s name or members be exploited to form militias that work for the benefit of the occupation.” This is what Gaza’s Tarabin tribe said in a statement following the killing of its member Yasser Abu Shabab on December 4. It would have allowed the Israeli occupation to come after the resistance, exterminating its fighters, without having to get its soldiers involved any more or bearing the diplomatic cost of doing so. Abu Shabab could not recruit even among those who oppose or dislike the resistance factions because they too would not sell out their principles and work for the genocidal power killing Palestinians every day. While Abu Shabab provided Israel with security and technical services on the ground, his power was built entirely on crimes and theft, which made him just a hated traitor, not a leader.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/world/africa/sudans-bloody-civil-war-worsening-major-humanitarian-crisis-rcna247815
Article: Sudan is facing what the World Food Programme has called “the humanitarian crisis of our time,” as tens of millions struggle through sieges, blockades and aid shortages that have pushed entire cities into famine. What began as a power struggle between rival generals more than two years ago has since plunged Sudan into a brutal civil war that has killed more than 150,000 people and displaced millions from their homes, with mass killings leaving bloody sand visible from space and ruined infrastructure. “It can no longer be forgotten or ignored, simply because the severity and the scale is one that has really not been seen at this level.” At least 21.2 million people — roughly 45% of Sudan’s population — are now facing high levels of acute food insecurity, according to the latest Integrated Food Security Phase Classification, the internationally recognized system for assessing famine and food insecurity. Famine conditions have been confirmed in Darfur’s el-Fasher and Kadugli, where “people have endured months without reliable access to food or medical care,” the U.N.’s Food and Agriculture Organization has said. She said WFP can reach 4 million to 5 million people with food and nutrition support each month and has the capacity to assist 8 million, but “the resources we have available are not keeping pace with the need.” Aid delivery remains extremely difficult in violence-ridden areas, where conflict between the Sudanese army and the paramilitary Rapid Support Forces (RSF) continues to shape the crisis. Ebrahim Hamid / AFP - Getty Images In South Kordofan, a drone attack by Sudanese paramilitary forces hit a kindergarten on Thursday, killing 50 people, including 33 children, according to a local doctors' group. United Nations aid teams in Sudan issued a joint statement on Thursday warning that the violence “is restricting access to food, medicine and essential supplies, and is limiting farmers’ access to their fields and markets, heightening the risk of famine spreading across the Kordofan states.” U.N. The RSF is “doing the same siege, the same blockade, they are not allowing food or medicine to get into the cities,” he told NBC News, adding that between Sept. For the past three months, Sudanese civilians have endured RSF attacks, Elsheikh said, including widespread atrocities and human rights violations, with civilians executed arbitrarily and key infrastructure — such as hospitals, clinics, schools and homes — deliberately targeted by airstrikes. The Sudan Doctors Network has documented 19 cases of rape committed by RSF forces against women who fled the fighting in el-Fasher and arrived at the al-Afad camp in al-Dabbah, said Elsheikh. Social Media / via Reuters Both men had previously led counterinsurgency operations against uprisings in the region, a conflict that in 2005 contributed to Omar al-Bashir becoming the first sitting head of state indicted by the International Criminal Court on suspicion of genocide. With no resolution in sight, the war is only becoming more entrenched and chaotic, Hager Ali, a research fellow at the German Institute for Global and Area Studies, told NBC News. Last year, there were 10 areas confirmed to be suffering from famine, said Kinzli, but “now there are only two.” Around 3.4 million people who were previously at “crisis” levels are no longer classified as such, reflecting limited stabilization in parts of Khartoum, Al Jazirah and Sennar, where some families have begun to return. While these gains remain narrow and uneven, and the situation remains dire, “this shows that when we have access and funding, we can reverse famine and improve the situation,” Kinzli added.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nfl/steelers-have-already-reached-decision-on-mike-tomlins-nfl-future-report-11169981
Article: If Tomlin is not with the Pittsburgh organization to start the 2026 season, it will be because he decided to walk away on his own accord and give the team a fresh start. "The Steelers know Tomlin is one of the NFL's best coaches, and his relationship with Art Rooney and the organization he's coached since 2007 is such that a firing is not on the table," Rapoport reported on Sunday morning. "And while the prospect of a coach trade often comes up in media speculation, that does not appear to be much of a reality either, sources said." More Football: Vikings Announce New Quarterback Signing Before Commanders Game The Steelers have lost five of their last seven games since starting the season with a 4-1 record.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/how-to-watch-magic-vs-knicks-live-stream-nba-tv-channel-2-11169491
Article: The Orlando Magic (14-9) look to complete a three-game season sweep of the New York Knicks (15-7) on Sunday afternoon when they visit Madison Square Garden, where they handed New York its only loss at home this season. How to Watch Orlando Magic vs New York Knicks When: Sunday, December 7, 2025 Time: 12:00 PM ET TV Channel: FanDuel Sports Network Florida, MSG try for free ) Live Stream: Fubo ( Orlando comes off a 106-105 win over the visiting Miami Heat on Friday night, holding off a late Miami rally when the Heat missed a 3-pointer as time expired. They carry all of the channels you will need to never miss your favorite team's games, including nationally broadcast channels like ESPN, ABC, and NBA TV, as well as local team coverage.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/ncaa/fernando-mendozas-mom-reacts-to-indianas-big-ten-title-win-over-ohio-state-11169938
Article: We’re so lucky to be here." More news: Urban Meyer Drops Boldest Curt Cignetti Take You’ll Hear All Season More news: Patrick Mahomes Sends Message to Texas Tech After Big 12 Championship Win Mendoza’s mother has been battling MS, and he has spoken publicly about what it means to play for her, saying it was especially meaningful to see his parents after the game. “If I have a bad game or a bad practice, I’m not going to go out there and pout because I see how hard she’s fighting,” Mendoza said back on Oct. The program has gone from being one of the worst in FBS to posting a 23-2 record over its last 25 games, defeating Ohio State for the first time since 1988, and capturing the Big Ten Championship.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/mlb/drew-anderson-tigers-sign-11167154
Article: As rumors continue to fly about the Detroit Tigers supposedly getting ready to trade their two-time Cy Young Award-winning ace Tarik Skubal, with no less a source than ESPN baseball insider Buster Olney reporting that the Tigers are "engaged with other teams in discussing the Tarik Skubal trade options," the Tigers are going about the business of making moves to upgrade a starting rotation that Skubal may or may not be leading next season. In fact, according to a report by Cody Stavenhagen and Ken Rosenthal of The Athletic published Friday, the Tigers signed a pitcher who this season recorded more strikeouts than Skubal, who was second in baseball with 241, and a higher strikeout rate per nine innings than any major league pitcher. But right-hander Drew Anderson, who has not pitched in the majors since 2021, accomplished his feats in the Korean Baseball Organization where he pitched for the SSG Landers in 2024 and 2025, after spending the previous two seasons with the Hiroshima Carp of Japan's Central League. More MLB: Yankees Quietly Acquire Controversial 6-Foot-4 Free Agent Outfielder Anderson blew them all away in his KBO performance, with 245 strikeouts in 171 2/3 innings, a rate of 12.845 per nine innings. Brozdowski believes that Anderson — who has pitched 44 1/3 major league innings over four seasons with the Philadelphia Phillies, Chicago White Sox and Texas Rangers with a 6.50 ERA — profiles in MLB as "more of a multi-inning relief pitcher" than a starter. The Tigers have not independently confirmed the signing, nor have contract terms become public, other than that, per The Athletic, Anderson's contract will be for one year and include a club option for a second.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/justin-verlander-projected-to-betray-giants-for-deal-with-division-rival-11169454
Article: Verlander likely isn't going to sign a deal another longer than two years, with the most likely outcome being a one-year contract, but the Giants are bound to have some competition. "Verlander, who will be 43 by the time Opening Day rolls around, is coming off of a good-not-great year with the Giants, but he was incredible in the second half. "The future Hall of Famer’s 2.99 second-half ERA was good for 11th in baseball, higher than the likes of Bryan Woo, Garrett Crochet, Tyler Glasnow, and many other notable pitchers. You’d be forgiven if you thought Verlander was getting close to the end after struggling in 2024 and coming out of the gates in 2025 still riding the struggle bus." The Giants should make a very aggressive effort at re-signing the veteran pitcher, but the Padres could use him, too.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/india-nightclub-fire-officials-reveal-tourists-among-people-killed-11169965
Article: A fire overnight Saturday at a popular club in Goa, a state in India, resulted in the deaths of at least 25 people, including a few tourists, according to local officials. Those found responsible will face most stringent action under the law – any negligence will be dealt with firmly.” Sawant revealed that three or four of the dead were tourists, who remain thus far unidentified as the process is ongoing, The Guardian reported, saying that "some guests also seem to have rushed towards the basement and got trapped." However, most of those killed by the fire were staff members working the basement who "were effectively trapped because it lacked an exit and was engulfed in smoke." This is a breaking news story.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/betting/betmgm-bonus-code-newsweek1500-claim-1500-bonus-for-nfl-week-14-games-11169899
Article: Some suggested betting options are provided below: Jaylen Warren 25+ rushing yards (-1400) Trevor Lawrence 150+ passing yards (-2500) D'Andre Swift 25+ rushing yards (-1000) Rashee Rice 25+ receiving yards (-5000) Second Chance TD Scorer For NFL Week 14 One of the best in-app promos with BetMGM Sportsbook is the second chance touchdown scorer. +725 Josh Jacobs +380 Christian Watson +950 Rashee Rice +650 Woody Marks +750 Steps To Claim BetMGM Bonus Code NEWSWEEK1500 Unlock this offer by clicking here and going through these steps: Enter the bonus code NEWSWEEK1500 Input basic personal info to create your account (Name, birth date, address, email, etc.) Complete your initial deposit with a compatible payment method (Credit/debit card, online banking, etc.) Place your first bet to activate the offer you qualify for from BetMGM Sportsbook Use any bonus bets you receive within one week before they expire from your account Newsweek may earn an affiliate commission if you sign up through the links in this article.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/betting/fanduel-promo-code-claim-150-bonus-for-any-sunday-nfl-week-14-game-11169737
Article: Whether you're backing Lamar Jackson and the Ravens at home or taking a chance on Aaron Rodgers and the Steelers -- or any other game -- this offer provides a fantastic opportunity for new players to start their FanDuel experience with a potential bonus. FanDuel Promo Code For NFL Week 14 New FanDuel customers can take advantage of an exciting welcome offer for any NFL Week 14 game, but we will use the key AFC North matchup between the Pittsburgh Steelers vs. Baltimore Ravens Odds & Analysis In terms of using this FanDuel NFL promo code offer, note the following: The Ravens have been favored in 10 games this season, posting a 6-4 straight-up record. The road has been especially tough, as the Steelers have lost their last five games outright as a road underdog and are 0-4-1 against the spread in those same games. Receive Your Bonus Bets: If your first cash wager wins, you will receive $150 in bonus bets credited to your account, on top of the cash profit from your winning bet.Make an Initial Deposit: Make a first-time deposit.Place Your First Bet: Wager on any betting market of your choice.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/dodgers-predicted-to-steal-88-million-star-from-mets-after-world-series-11169443
Article: "The Dodgers are in position to frustrate fans all over the world by throwing their money around and landing basically any of the best-available free agents this winter," Treuden wrote. "In signing Díaz, they’d be upgrading their bullpen with the very best arm on the market and accomplishing one of the very few goals they’ll realistically have this offseason." The Dodgers need to add to their bullpen more than anything else.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c9w7y7gxr91o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Covid fraud and error cost taxpayers £10.9bn, report will say 1 hour ago Share Save Josh Martin Business reporter Share Save Getty Images The report will look at Covid-era programmes like Eat Out to Help Out, which subsidised hospitality bills Covid-19 support programmes cost taxpayers nearly £11bn through fraud and error, a report will say. They were credited with propping up the economy throughout the Covid lockdowns, however, there has been criticism that the speed of the roll-out of financial support and a lack of eligibility checks led to widespread error and fraud. A lack of anti-fraud controls in Covid schemes that were set up quickly by ministers in Boris Johnson's government are expected to be highlighted in the report and blamed for the huge figure.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/top-armed-services-dem-sept-2-strike-video/story?id=128185897
Article: “Any claim that the drugs had somehow survived that attack is hard, hard to really square with what we saw.” Smith called the video “deeply disturbing” and said “it did not appear that these two survivors were in any position to continue the fight.” Rep. Cotton told reporters he had no doubt about the legality of the strike and said he “saw two survivors trying to flip a boat loaded with drugs bound for the United States back over so they could stay in the fight.” On Saturday, Hegseth recounted what he had been told about the subsequent strike. It was going where the current was going to take it, and these two were trying to figure out how to survive.” President Donald Trump has said the administration would have “no problem” releasing the video of the strike in question, but Hegseth was noncommittal when asked Saturday. ABC News “It seems pretty clear they don't want to release this video because they don't want people to see it, because it's very, very difficult to justify,” he said. Eric Schmitt, a Republican member of the Armed Services Committee who has not seen the video, defended the administration in a separate interview on “This Week.” “The fact is, these cartels now, because the southern border is closed, they've gone to the high seas. We've had regular briefings about it.” Schmitt argued the criticism from Democrats amounts to “politics and trying to take out Secretary Hegseth.” On Saturday, Hegseth said designating cartels as terrorist organizations makes them a “target” just like al-Qaida. military is unprecedented, and something that ought to be concerning to all of the American people,” Smith, the top Armed Services Democrat, said on “This Week.” Schmitt, however, insisted the strikes are legal.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/meet-the-press/video/tom-cotton-says-those-on-alleged-drug-boats-all-valid-targets-for-strikes-full-interview-253921861948
Article: In an exclusive interview with Meet the Press, Senate Intelligence Chair Tom Cotton (R-Ark.) details what he heard in his briefing over the lethal strikes on alleged drug boats and why he’s confident in the Defense Department’s assessment.Dec.

Link: https://abc13.com/post/high-speed-driver-killed-fiery-crash-colliding-highway-barrier-nw-houston-hpd-says/18260846/
Article: High-speed driver killed in fiery crash after colliding with highway barrier in NW Houston, HPD says Watch Eyewitness News and ABC13 originals around the clock Watch Eyewitness News and ABC13 originals around the clock Watch Eyewitness News and ABC13 originals around the clock Watch Eyewitness News and ABC13 originals around the clock HOUSTON, Texas (KTRK) -- At least one person died after a vehicle hit a highway barricade in northwest Houston, according to the Houston Police Department.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/ckgzjygd5x9o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Kevin Sinfield completes ultramarathon challenge The final leg of the seven-day challenge started at Queen Ethelburga's College near York Kevin Sinfield has completed seven ultramarathons in seven days to raise money and awareness for motor neurone disease (MND).

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/snooker/articles/cly160wnn1yo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Selby, a two-time winner who is appearing in the final of one of snooker's prestigious Triple Crown events for the 15th time, produced an almost flawless display of snooker over the first five frames. Having made a 77 clearance from the most unlikely of situations to pinch the first frame from Trump, he took the second after winning a tactical battle on the yellow and compiled a break of 97 to go 3-0 up. When world number one Trump, missed a red to the right middle while 68 points ahead, fellow Englishman Selby again stepped up to ruthlessly punish him by clearing the table with a 70. Yet, despite cutting a frustrated figure, Trump rallied to reduce his arrears with runs of 74 and 75 before Selby underlined his dominance by taking the final frame of the afternoon session.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/live-updates/israel-gaza-live-updates/?id=127993926
Article: While he said broader peace with Arab states remains possible, Netanyahu added that Israel will not agree to the creation of a state that will "commit to the destruction" of Israel at its doorstep. Netanyahu highlighted a historic shift in Israel–Germany relations, noting that 80 years after the Holocaust, Israel is now helping to defend Germany – a historic change, as he described it. Answering press questions, when asked if he would leave politics in exchange for a pardon, Netanyahu responded in Hebrew: "No, no." Regarding the second phase of the peace plan, he emphasized that Hamas must disarm and said the second phase of the peace plan is "close." “We’ll be having very important conversations at the end of the month on how to ensure that this second stage is achieved," Netanyahu said, referring to his planned visit to the White House to meet President Trump at the end of the month.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/video/featured-documentaries/2025/12/7/the-road-to-damascus-2?traffic_source=rss
Article: Their exclusive footage offers a unique insight into the military operations that ultimately led to the fall of Bashar al-Assad, 14 years after Syrians first took to the streets demanding an end to his rule.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/ncaa/ryan-day-ohio-state-brace-for-bad-news-ahead-of-college-football-playoff-11170070
Article: 2 Indiana Hoosiers, but it was Indiana who emerged with a 13-10 victory, securing their first win over Ohio State since 1988 and capturing the Big Ten title in head coach Curt Cignetti’s second season. According to On3 contributor Jon Rhoades, Ohio State’s offensive coordinator and wide receivers coach Brian Hartline, who recently accepted the head coaching job at South Florida, may not remain with the Buckeyes throughout the playoffs. More news: Kirk Herbstreit Calls Out Nick Saban Over Past Lane Kiffin Decision More news: Nick Saban, Kirk Herbstreit in Agreement on 1 CFP Change That Needs to Happen Hartline coached in the Big Ten Championship, and while the expectation was that he would remain with the team through the playoff run, his departure for his first head coaching role could come sooner than anticipated—a potential major blow to Ohio State’s staff. With the Buckeyes likely receiving a first-round bye, Hartline may have some time to finalize his plans, but it will be a decision that needs to be made fairly quickly. Over the years, he has gradually taken on larger roles and played a key role in recruiting and developing numerous star wide receivers, including Chris Olave, Garrett Wilson, Jaxon Smith-Njigba, Marvin Harrison Jr., Emeka Egbuka, and now Jeremiah Smith and Carnell Tate.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/how-to-watch-seahawks-vs-falcons-live-stream-nfl-tv-channel-11169967
Article: How to Watch Seahawks vs Falcons When: Sunday, December 7, 2025 Time: 1:00 PM ET TV Channel: FOX try for free ) Live Stream: Fubo ( The Seahawks come in at 9–3, riding high after a dominant defensive showing last week in a 26–0 shutout, and their roster just got healthier. Their defense ranks among the best in the league, allowing only about 88.8 rushing yards per game (second-best in the NFL) and hasn’t yielded a 100-yard rusher in 21 games.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/ncaa/miami-dealt-crushing-college-football-playoff-forecast-11170076
Article: "With Alabama losing to Georgia in the SEC championship game, the College Football Playoff selection committee's biggest decision Saturday night will be how far to drop the Tide -- and the result could mean the difference for Miami's playoff hopes," Dinich wrote in her analysis. More Football: BYU Publicly Calls Out Kirk Herbstreit Over CFP Statement Miami and Notre Dame are both 10-2 heading into the College Football Playoff, but the Hurricanes notched a head-to-head win over the Fighting Irish to open up the 2025 season.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/how-to-watch-saints-vs-buccaneers-live-stream-nfl-tv-channel-11169964
Article: How to Watch Saints vs Buccaneers When: Sunday, December 7, 2025 Time: 1:00 PM ET TV Channel: CBS try for free ) Live Stream: Fubo ( The Bucs enter the game as clear favorites.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/chernobyl-drone-strike-breaks-radiation-shield-nuclear-disaster-site-11169846
Article: Why It Matters Ukraine said in February a Russian drone had struck the protective shelter housing the nuclear reactor at Chernobyl, the site of the world's worst nuclear disaster in 1986. What To Know The February drone strike "severely damaged" the shield—called the New Safe Confinement (NSC)—which has "lost its primary safety functions, including the confinement capability,” the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) said on Friday. “Limited temporary repairs have been carried out on the roof, but timely and comprehensive restoration remains essential to prevent further degradation and ensure long-term nuclear safety,” IAEA chief Rafael Grossi said in a statement. What People Are Saying IAEA chief Rafael Grossi said on Friday that the watchdog has a team stationed permanently at the site and "will continue to do everything it can to support efforts to fully restore nuclear safety and security" at Chernobyl.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nfl/bengals-suspend-wr-hours-before-facing-bills-11170053
Article: The downside is the team’s offense will be shorthanded after it was revealed by NFL Network’s Tom Pelissero that former third-round wide receiver Jermaine Burton wouldn’t play in the game for disciplinary reasons. More News: NFL Makes Punishment Decision on Bills QB Josh Allen Before Bengals Game After appearing in 14 games as a rookie last season (he logged four catches on 14 targets for 107 yards), Burton has yet to play this season. More News: NFL Reaches Punishment Decision After Justin Herbert-Maxx Crosby Incident Burton’s lack of playing time has opened the door for bigger roles for third-year WR Andre Iosivas and 26-year-old Mitchell Tinsley. Iosivas is third on the team behind Ja’Marr Chase (86 receptions, 971 yards, rive touchdowns) and Higgins (40 catches, 575 yards, seven TDs) with 24 receptions, 346 yards, and two scores.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/how-to-watch-dolphins-vs-jets-live-stream-nfl-tv-channel-11169963
Article: How to Watch Dolphins vs Jets When: Sunday, December 7, 2025 Time: 1:00 PM ET TV Channel: CBS try for free ) Live Stream: Fubo ( The Dolphins ride into East Rutherford looking to extend a late-season push, having won three straight (and four of the last five) after a rough 1-6 start. If Miami leans on the ground, controls the clock, and cuts down on mistakes, they’re well-positioned to take control, especially with their recent success against the Jets over the past several seasons.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/how-to-watch-colts-vs-jaguars-live-stream-nfl-tv-channel-11169962
Article: How to Watch Colts vs Jaguars When: Sunday, December 7, 2025 Time: 1:00 PM ET TV Channel: CBS try for free ) Live Stream: Fubo ( The Jaguars and Colts, both sitting at 8-4, meet with first place in the AFC South on the line. For the Colts, their offense, powered by league-leading running back Jonathan Taylor and a capable aerial attack, remains among the most dangerous in the NFL, capable of piling up yards and points when clicking.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/ncaa/ohio-state-gets-strong-cfp-prediction-from-paul-finebaum-after-indiana-loss-11170046
Article: "Something deep down in Ryan Day right now tells me he's not all that upset [with the loss to Indiana]," Finebaum suggested, referring to a similar situation happening with Michigan winning it all after a conference championship loss.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/thousands-at-risk-of-frostbite-and-hypothermia-11169954
Article: Thousands of people in Alaska are facing the threat of frostbite and hypothermia due to extremely cold weather, prompting the National Weather Service (NWS) to issue an extreme cold watch and cold weather advisory for the Klondike Highway region. What To Know The NWS office in Juneau, Alaska, issued the extreme cold watch on Sunday, warning of wind chills that could plunge as low as minus 40 degrees in the region surrounding the Klondike Highway. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) published in February shows that over 1,000 Americans died in 2023 due to cold weather, with nearly 20 percent of them dying in January.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/passenger-jet-took-off-with-51-passengers-missing-in-vital-data-11169945
Article: According to a new report from the Australian Transport Safety Bureau (ATSB), the country’s principal watchdog in the field, the Boeing 737 operated by Qantas Airways departed from Canberra Airport on December 1 2024, after the faulty data input led to the passengers mistakenly being marked as not onboard. The error resulted in the flight crew receiving incorrect data on the plane’s weight, which the ATSB said could have led to significant issues during takeoff, such as insufficient speed or incorrect runway use. Why It Matters While no injuries occurred as a result, and Qantas has taken several safety actions to avoid such an incident in the future, the ATSB’s report said that the mistake created handling risks for the aircraft while it was on the runway. The event, it wrote, underscores the importance of all those involved in air transport “proactively identifying, addressing, and, when necessary, escalating unusual situations.” What To Know The 737 was originally bound for Sydney from Perth, but inclement weather forced it to divert to Canberra. Prior to the December 1 flight from Canberra, ATSB’s director of transport safety Stuart Godley said a Qantas staff member had “inadvertently input a smaller aircraft type into the flight plan, resulting in the system automatically removing passengers from the flight.” The staff member realized the mistake and corrected it, the report explains, but this did not reallocate the 51 passengers onto the correct flight. An erroneous loadsheet—the manifest listing passenger numbers and aircraft weight—was issued to the flight crew, which understated the weight by 4,291 kilograms (9,460 pounds) and resulted in calculated takeoff speeds below what was necessary. What People Are Saying ATSB director of transport safety Stuart Godley said: “This incident highlights that It is not sufficient to rely on downstream controls or other functions to intervene or trap errors.” “The safety margins built into the performance calculations by the flight crew meant that the incorrect data did not lead to a more consequential outcome,” he added. What Happens Next The ATSB said that Qantas “will amend its procedures to allow load control personnel to contact flight crews directly via the aircraft communications addressing and reporting system, when a loadsheet error is identified.” The airline is also now mandating that airport personnel conduct headcounts whenever a passenger discrepancy is identified, and briefings have been issued to Canberra Airport staff detailing how handovers of this kind should be handled.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cz0nyg4yrnxo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Warning against mushroom foraging in California after fatal poisoning 42 minutes ago Share Save Grace Eliza Goodwin Share Save California Department of Public Health Officials in California are urging people not to forage for wild mushrooms after a rise in poisoning cases caused at least one death.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/world/attempted-coup-in-benin-has-been-foiled-countrys-interior-minister-says
Article: COTONOU, Benin (AP) — A coup that was announced in Benin has been “foiled,” the interior minister said Sunday in a video on Facebook, but there was no word from the president and sporadic gunshots were heard in parts of the administrative capital, Cotonou. “Faced with this situation, the Beninese Armed Forces and their leadership, true to their oath, remained committed to the republic.” Local media reported the arrest of 13 soldiers who took part in the coup earlier on Sunday, citing sources close to the presidency. Earlier on Sunday, a group of soldiers appeared on Benin’s state TV to announce the dissolution of the government in an apparent coup, the latest of many in West Africa. WATCH: Why West African nations are seeing a spate of military coups The group, which called itself the Military Committee for Refoundation, announced the removal of the president and all state institutions.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/sports/liveblog/2025/12/7/live-real-madrid-vs-celta-vigo-la-liga?traffic_source=rss
Article: blinking-dot Live Match Live Match, LIVE: Real Madrid vs Celta Vigo – La Liga Follow the build-up, analysis and live text commentary of the game as Madrid host Celta Vigo at the Santiago Bernabeu.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/how-to-watch-bengals-vs-bills-live-stream-nfl-tv-channel-11169961
Article: How to Watch Bengals vs Bills When: Sunday, December 7, 2025 Time: 1:00 PM ET TV Channel: FOX try for free ) Live Stream: Fubo ( The Bills enter the game riding high after a dominant 26–7 victory over the Steelers, powering up their ground game behind James Cook, who rushed for 144 yards last week, as Buffalo ranks first in the NFL in rushing yards per game.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/how-to-watch-steelers-vs-ravens-live-stream-nfl-tv-channel-11169966
Article: How to Watch Steelers vs Ravens When: Sunday, December 7, 2025 Time: 1:00 PM ET TV Channel: CBS try for free ) Live Stream: Fubo ( Pittsburgh arrives in Baltimore with identical standings as the Ravens, both at 6–6, but trending in opposite directions. Their offense, led by veteran Aaron Rodgers and running back Jaylen Warren, has been reliable at times but lacks explosiveness lately; meanwhile, injuries, especially along the offensive line, raise questions about their ability to protect Rodgers and sustain drives. With a mostly healthy roster and Lamar Jackson back under center, the Ravens are likely to lean on their ground game, powered by Derrick Henry, and a physical defensive approach to exploit Pittsburgh’s weaknesses up front and on the edges.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/snl-mocks-pete-hegseth-sleeping-donald-trump-kill-everybody-11170064
Article: Actor Colin Jost made a rare cold open on Saturday Night Live (SNL) this week, appearing as an aggressive Secretary of Defense—or war, as he prefers being called—Pete Hegseth holding a press conference on the U.S. I was so jacked up after the first strike, I had to make an emergency call to my sponsor—sorry, a guy I met at an anonymous meeting.” The sketch was concluded by Jost saying he knows that President Donald Trump, a “high-energy alpha,” has his back. Now, someone quickly tell me: Where am I, who am I, and what year might it be?” Johnson then falls back to sleep, with Jost calling for “another MRI before he wakes up.” ‘Fire Away’ In its decades-long history, SNL has never shied away from commenting on the current political environment. Jost and Johnson’s sketch on Saturday represented a very direct mockery of the Trump administration’s recent attacks against alleged drug boats from Venezuela—and of Trump’s health, which some have put into doubt in recent months. “We’re now at war with Venezuela,” Jost’s Hegseth told reporters, before adding: “Pretend I’m a random fishing boat and fire away.” The legality of using deadly military force against alleged drug boats off the coast of Venezuela has repeatedly been questioned, though the White House has defended it. This week, White House press secretary Karoline Leavitt said that the order had come from Admiral Frank Bradley and not Hegseth, adding that the Navy officer had acted “well within his authority and the law.” Hegseth said that he considered Bradley’s decision justified. Despite years mocking former President Joe Biden for his alleged sleepiness, dubbing him “Sleepy Joe,” Trump has been spotted apparently dozing off during that same Cabinet meeting in which Hegseth was answering questions about the September 2 double strike. The president closed his eyes several times for an extended period of time—nearly six minutes altogether, according to The Washington Post—during a 75-minute long Cabinet meeting this week as his advisers were speaking. It was the second time Trump seemed to struggle to keep his eyes open, after being noticed apparently dozing off for a cumulative 20 minutes, according to The Washington Post, during a similar Oval Office event on November 6. Responding to a recent New York Times article that said the president was facing the “realities of aging in office,” Trump said: “Right now, I think I’m sharper than I was 25 years ago.”

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/ice-places-detainer-on-oscar-solarzano-suspect-in-charlotte-stabbing-11170084
Article: Official court documents reviewed by Newsweek and local police spell the suspect’s last name Solarzano, while the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) and some federal officials write it as Solorzano-Garcia. DHS Secretary Kristi Noem said in a Saturday statement, “Unfortunately, we cannot guarantee the county will honor the detainer since they have a history of not cooperating with ICE.” The agency has repeatedly called out “sanctuary” jurisdictions, criticizing some of not honoring detainers. Why It Matters ICE’s detainer and online conversation about Solarzano's immigration status come weeks after federal immigration agents carried out Operation Charlotte’s Web in mid-November, a sweeping crackdown that drew backlash from residents and city leaders. At the time of the operation’s launch, DHS said that “nearly 1,400 detainers across North Carolina have not been honored—releasing criminal illegal aliens into North Carolina’s neighborhoods.” President Donald Trump has pledged to launch the largest mass deportation operation in U.S. The arrest warrant, reviewed by Newsweek, noted that Solarzano had a "large, fixed blade knife" and "inflicted serious injury." The arrest warrant also stated that Solarzano had challenged the victim to a fight, was reportedly "unintelligible" and using "slurred" words. One of his charges is for being "intoxicated and disruptive." What We Know About Solarzano’s Immigration Status In court documents obtained by Newsweek, a Mecklenburg District Court judicial official marked a box stating they were "unable to determine the defendant is a citizen or legal resident of the United States." In a second box, the judicial official wrote, "The defendant is an illegal and has been deported previously. President DJT.” The DHS announced they placed an ICE detainer on him, but several DHS officials, including Noem and Assistant Secretary Tricia McLaughlin noted that the county may not collaborate on it. The detainer essentially requests law enforcement to notify ICE as early as possible before they "release a removable alien," as well as hold the individual for up to 48 hours longer so DHS can assume custody. If local law enforcement doesn't honor the detainer, DHS officers "pursue the alien in the community." DHS said in a Saturday statement that Solarzano “was issued a final order of removal by an immigration judge in 2018 and removed by the Trump Administration on March 9, 2018.” He then reportedly illegally crossed the border again and was apprehended in 2021 and removed. McLaughlin said the suspect is from Honduras and noted that his “criminal history includes prior arrests for aggravated battery with a deadly weapon, destroying evidence, resisting arrest, using a false ID, and convictions for robbery and illegally re-entry.” ... Make no mistake: We will not rest until every depraved criminal illegal alien is removed from our communities.” Charlotte Mayor Vi Lyles wrote in a Saturday night X post: “Everyone deserves to be and feel safe in our city, and there is no room for violence in our community. We have invested heavily in increasing security on our transit system and CMPD has been proactive in increasing its presence across our city, including announcing a new multi-agency effort this week. There are several aspects of public safety that are outside of the city’s jurisdiction, including immigration policy and enforcement, but we will continue to focus on public safety and ensuring a safe and vibrant community.” Transportation Secretary Sean Duffy said in an X post Saturday night: “An illegal immigrant who was previously deported is now accused of attempted murder for stabbing a man on the Charlotte Light Rail this week. We need justice NOW!” Michael Whatley, former RNC chair and Republican North Carolina Senate candidate, said in a lengthy X post on Saturday: “A person was viciously stabbed on the Charlotte light rail last night and seriously injured. While Governor, he BLOCKED legislation which would have forced sheriffs to work with ICE - leaving North Carolinians vulnerable.” Representative Mark Harris, a North Carolina Republican, said in an X post Saturday: “Meet the illegal alien charged with stabbing someone on a Charlotte Light Rail last night. Oscar Solarzano was previously deported and then illegally entered our country AGAIN.” North Carolina Governor Josh Stein, a Democrat, said in an X post Friday night: "I just spoke with Chief Patterson about the horrific stabbing on the light rail this evening. I am pleased that Chief Patterson was already surging law enforcement throughout Charlotte with Operation Safe Season, and I am grateful to the state law enforcement agencies that are assisting the operation.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/betting/nfl-week-14-best-bets-against-the-spread-best-player-prop-bet-11170134
Article: Right now, here's what your free subscription entails: Weekly look at college basketball (every Tuesday evening) Weekly look at the NBA (every Wednesday evening) NFL weekend preview (every Friday morning) College Football ATS picks (every Saturday morning at 10 a.m. Let's hope the following Week 14 bets against the spread can keep us on the right track entering the home stretch of the 2025 NFL regular season: 1️⃣ Baltimore (-6) to handle Pittsburgh at home 2️⃣ Denver (-7.5) to finally win a game with some room to spare in Vegas 3️⃣ Houston (+3.5) to push -- if not upset -- Kansas City on SNF And stay with us until the end for our favorite player prop bet of the day. Pittsburgh's pass rush remains imposing (its tied for seventh in the NFL with 34 sacks), but this defense is allowing 4.3 yards per carry this season, and it just gave up a whopping 249 yards on the ground in last Sunday's loss to the Bills. The Las Vegas offense has been a mess all season, and it's hit a new low over the last month, with 16 points or fewer in five of the last six games. Though the Broncos (10-2) have one of the league's best records, they've not been a great bet to cover, but I'm convinced that today will bring a rare victory that doesn't come down to the wire. The Broncos still barely won that game, 10-7, on an off night by their own offense, but I expect Denver to score at least a couple touchdowns today while shutting down Geno Smith and Co. put up even a solid effort, that should be enough for Houston to take down Kansas City (yes, I think Houston on the moneyline is a solid bet, but we're playing it safe for now). Pick: Texans +3.5 (best odds: -102 at FanDuel) Best Player Prop: Ashton Jeanty 5+ Receptions Las Vegas RB Ashton Jeanty 5+ Receptions (+116 at DK) When a team can't protect its quarterback*, that often leads to a significant increase in the running back's role in the passing game. It's also worth noting that since the Raiders traded WR Jakobi Meyers to the Jaguars after Week 9, Jeanty has been one of Smith's top three most-targeted receivers in four straight games.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nfl/nfl-punishes-giants-te-for-defending-jaxson-dart-after-brutal-hit-vs-patriots-11170136
Article: While video replay showed Elliss’ hit was clean (and legal), the optics of Dart being jettisoned a few yards into his own sideline riled up several Giants players, including second-year tight end Theo Johnson, who immediately went after Elliss. More News: Bengals Suspend WR Hours Before Facing Bills More News: NFL Makes Punishment Decision on Bills QB Josh Allen Before Bengals Game Johnson gave Elliss a hard shove and players from both sides surrounded them as more pushing and shoving ensued. Some believed Elliss should’ve been flagged for the hit given it was unnecessary because Dart was likely going out of bounds anyway, while others claim plays like that are how QBs take advantage of gaining extra yardage because defenders are too afraid to hit them.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/how-to-watch-titans-vs-browns-live-stream-nfl-tv-channel-11169968
Article: How to Watch Titans vs Browns When: Sunday, December 7, 2025 Time: 1:00 PM ET TV Channel: FOX try for free ) Live Stream: Fubo ( The Titans, at 1-11, roll into Cleveland with major offensive struggles. Quarterback Cam Ward has thrown for 2,351 yards, with just 7 touchdowns and 6 interceptions, and Tennessee’s offensive line has been repeatedly overwhelmed, limiting big plays and making sustained drives rare. Offensively, rookie quarterback Shedeur Sanders, making his third NFL start, is still finding his footing, but he’s shown some promise, and the Browns have the freedom to lean on their defense and control tempo.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/pete-hegseth-updates-us-nuclear-testing-golden-dome-11169648
Article: Why It Matters President Donald Trump unveiled initial plans for the "state-of-the-art" Golden Dome in May, which he said would be up and running by the end of his time in office to defend against "next-generation" threats like ballistic, cruise and hypersonic missiles. "President Trump's doing the same thing, now the tech has caught up and we can actually build the Golden Dome for America." Trump has framed the Golden Dome system as the end result of the SDI program kicked off by Reagan in the 1980s, popularly known as "Star Wars." The Golden Dome will use space-based sensors and interceptors to knock out missiles "even if they are launched from space," the president said. But the project, already forecast to cost several hundred billions of dollars, is facing significant delays linked to the previous government shutdown and lack of clarity around the initial $25-billion investment, Reuters reported last month. does not have a joined-up system for intercepting large-scale intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM) strikes launched from Russia or China, although it would be able to take out the relatively small number of missiles that North Korea could fire at the U.S. His remarks were opaque, leaving doubt over whether the president referred to tests of delivery systems or warheads, although Energy Secretary Chris Wright suggested shortly after the remarks that the U.S. The U.S., Russia and China—the three countries with the largest atomic arsenals—have not conducted full nuclear tests since the 1990s, although drills to make sure weapons still function correctly have continued in the decades since. Several Democrat lawmakers reintroduced legislation earlier this week they said would help counter "reckless nuclear policy from the Trump administration." What People Are Saying Defense Secretary Pete Hegseth called the Golden Dome a "gamechanger" in an address in California on Saturday, and said the U.S.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/where-to-see-northern-lights-as-geomagnetic-storm-hits-earth-11170060
Article: A significant geomagnetic storm triggered by a full-halo coronal mass ejection (CME) from the sun is set to impact Earth early to midday on Tuesday, potentially making the Northern Lights visible across large portions of the northern United States. What To Know The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) Space Weather Prediction Center (SWPC) announced the event following an M8.1-class solar flare, cautioning that periods of G3 geomagnetic storming are likely during this period. Based on NOAA predictions and the OVATION aurora model, residents in Alaska and the northernmost sections of Washington, Idaho, Montana, Wyoming, North Dakota, South Dakota, Minnesota, Wisconsin, Michigan, New York, Maine, Vermont, and New Hampshire may have the best chances to witness the aurora on Tuesday night. To observe the aurora, NOAA and space weather experts recommend seeking a north-facing vantage point away from artificial lighting, letting eyes adjust to the dark, and monitoring forecast updates for real-time adjustments.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/how-to-watch-commanders-vs-vikings-live-stream-nfl-tv-channel-11169969
Article: How to Watch Commanders vs Vikings When: Sunday, December 7, 2025 Time: 1:00 PM ET TV Channel: FOX try for free ) Live Stream: Fubo ( The Commanders come in at 3–9, trying to snap a seven-game losing streak and salvage something from a rough season. Luckily, Jayden Daniels is returning from an elbow injury, and also notable is that wide receiver Terry McLaurin is fully back, and the team may have its full receiver arsenal this week, a boost if they want to take some pressure off the run game and force the Vikings to respect the pass. On defense, though, especially against the pass, the Vikings remain solid, and with some pressure packages and strong edge play, they’ll try to disrupt whatever the Commanders throw at them.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/java-island-zoo-releases-photos-panda-cub-born-128186707
Article: A zoo on Java island has released photos of Indonesia’s first locally-born giant panda cub Java island zoo releases photos of the first panda cub born in Indonesia In this undated photo released by Taman Safari Indonesia or Indonesia Safari Park on Sunday, Dec. 7, 2025, a newly born giant panda cub named Satrio Wiratama is seen inside an incubator in Cisarua, West Java, Indonesia, (Taman Safari Indonesia via AP) In this undated photo released by Taman Safari Indonesia or Indonesia Safari Park on Sunday, Dec. 7, 2025, a newly born giant panda cub named Satrio Wiratama is seen inside an incubator in Cisarua, West Java, Indonesia, (Taman Safari Indonesia via AP) JAKARTA, Indonesia -- A zoo on Java island released photos of Indonesia's first locally-born giant panda cub, and said the male cub was showing signs of being in good health. “This birth is the result of a long-term international cooperation program that has been ongoing for a decade, since the arrival of giant pandas Hu Chun and Cai Tao to Indonesia in 2017 as part of a 10-year conservation partnership with China,” said the statement. Taman Safari Indonesia will continue to prioritize the health and welfare of the mother and her baby, and invites the public to join in praying for the baby panda’s development so that it remains healthy and safe in the early stages of its life,” it said. Cai Tao and Hu Chun, a pair of giant pandas who arrived in Indonesia in 2017, live in a “palace-like" home that was built for them at the Taman Safari zoo, which is located around 70 kilometers (43 miles) from Jakarta. Pandas are widely considered as China's unofficial national mascot and its giant panda loan program with overseas zoos has long been seen as a tool of Beijing’s soft-power diplomacy, also known as “panda diplomacy.” Giant pandas have difficulty breeding and births are particularly welcomed.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Entertainment/wireStory/bad-reviews-didnt-scare-off-nights-freddys-2-128189343
Article: “Five Nights at Freddy’s 2” is dominating the box office in its opening weekend in North America This image released by Universal Pictures shows a Withered Chica in a scene from "Five Nights at Freddy's 2." (Ryan Green/Universal Pictures via AP) This image released by Universal Pictures shows a Withered Chica in a scene from "Five Nights at Freddy's 2." (Ryan Green/Universal Pictures via AP) This image released by Universal Pictures shows a Withered Chica in a scene from "Five Nights at Freddy's 2." (Ryan Green/Universal Pictures via AP) This image released by Universal Pictures shows a Withered Chica in a scene from "Five Nights at Freddy's 2." (Ryan Green/Universal Pictures via AP) “Five Nights at Freddy’s” has powered up the box office once again. Seemingly immune to widely negative reviews, “Five Nights at Freddy’s 2” notched the biggest opening ever for the weekend after Thanksgiving, which usually is a more muted buffet of leftovers. It’s also the biggest opening of the year for a PG-13 rated movie and the second biggest horror opening, behind “The Conjuring: Last Rites.” The movies and the game are about a family restaurant, Freddy Fazbear’s Pizza, whose anthropomorphic robots turn murderous at night. “There’s been a lot of doom and gloom about the industry overall, but this movie helped drive the industry to the biggest first weekend post-Thanksgiving ever," said Jim Orr, who heads domestic distribution for Universal. Mark Kennedy, in his zero star review for The Associated Press, called it an “incoherent mess.” But horror fans have been known to turn out for opening weekends regardless of reviews. “Wicked: For Good,” also a Universal release, landed in third place in its third weekend with $16.8 million from 3,985 theaters, brining its domestic total just shy of $297 million. Fourth place went to Gkids’ anime “Jujutsu Kaisen: Execution” which opened to an estimated $10.2 million, while Lionsgate's “Now You See Me: Now You Don't” rounded out the top five with $3.5 million, pushing its running global total to $210 million. A filmed version of the Tony-winning revival of “Merrily We Roll Along,” starring Jonathan Groff, Daniel Radcliffe and Lindsay Mendez and released by Sony Pictures Classics, opened just outside of the top 10 with $1.2 million from 1,084 screens.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/ncaa/harsh-punishment-announced-for-2-major-teams-after-skipping-bowl-game-11170210
Article: "This decision was not taken lightly, but with our coaching staff transition and several uncertainties regarding player availability, I felt it was not in our best interest to try to field a team that was not representative of Kansas State University. We applaud this group for fighting back from a 2-4 record to lead us to bowl eligibility yet again, and we are happy that our seniors were able to go out on top with a victory inside Bill Snyder Family Stadium." The move came not long after head coach Chris Klieman's abrupt retirement. More Football: NFL Reaches Punishment Decision After Jaxson Dart Incident vs Patriots Iowa State also announced its decision to skip a bowl game after losing head coach Matt Campbell and a significant portion of his staff to Penn State. "Our student-athletes have had an incredible season and we are grateful for their leadership as we worked through this process with them today." While they had valid reasons for skipping their bowl games, both the Cyclones and Wildcats were hit with a significant punishment from the Big 12. "The Big 12 Conference is issuing a $500,000 institutional fine to Iowa State and Kansas State for opting out of their participation in the Conference's bowl pool," a statement from the conference read.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/freezing-fog-warnings-winter-weather-11170154
Article: Why It Matters Freezing fog is rare in the U.S., occurring only when surface temperatures themselves are at or below freezing, and can pose significant hazards for residents including reduced visibility and the rapid formation of black ice. On Sunday, the NWS said that visibility could be limited to “one quarter mile or less,” that this “could make driving conditions hazardous” and that black ice would lead to slick travel conditions. What To Know The alerts issued by the NWS remained in effect until midday, and follow the winter storm alerts that were in place for states across the West and Northwest. Early on Sunday, the NWS warned of harsh conditions for Alaska, Colorado, Illinois, Iowa, Wisconsin and Wyoming, telling residents to expect several inches of snow, gusty winds and potentially “life-threatening” conditions for those exposed to the elements. The network’s meteorologist, Andrew Kozak, said that the snowy conditions moving from the Northwest to Midwest on Sunday morning will be followed by heavy rain affecting Oregon and Washington late Sunday into Monday. What People Are Saying The Quad Cities office of the NWS, covering parts of Iowa, Illinois, and Missouri, posted to X on Sunday: "The snow and wintry mix is winding down, however many roads will remain slick and snow covered this morning. If you are planning to travel, please take it slow and allow for extra time to reach your destination." Meteorologist Max Velocity posted to X on Saturday: “This winter is about to take a serious turn…Models hinting at a VERY intense Arctic blast next weekend. We’ll see if it holds, but if it does, this would easily be the coldest weather we’ve seen since February.” What Happens Next In its Day 3-7 Hazards Outlook issued on Sunday, the NWS said that heavy snow would hit Michigan, New York, Minnesota, North Dakota, Wyoming, Montana, Idaho and Washington, and warned of the heavy precipitation expected in Washington and Oregon.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nfl/pittsburgh-steelers-aaron-rodgers-blunt-warning-randy-moss-11170225
Article: Read more: Chiefs Announce Bad News Before Facing Texans Ahead of this week's game, Rodgers and the Steelers have received a blunt warning from none other than NFL legendary wide receiver Randy Moss. Should he come through with a third straight bad performance, the Steelers could easily fall to the Ravens and find themselves facing a very difficult situation to get into the playoffs.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/dietitian-shares-gut-friendly-christmas-plate-what-to-keep-what-to-tweak-11162824
Article: She said: “Vegetables are rich in fiber, which can help to boost digestion and the prebiotics help to feed healthy gut bacteria.” Moole added: “Brussels sprouts, cabbage, and cauliflower are classic Christmas sides—but they’re also classic gas producers.” She explained that these foods are high in FODMAPs—Fermentable Oligosaccharides, Disaccharides, Monosaccharides—a group of carbs that some people don’t digest well. If these are non-negotiable family favorites, keep portions small and cook them thoroughly.” Tweak: To boost fiber without changing the spirit of the meal, Carli suggests adding extra produce to your sides such as mushrooms, celery, onion, or apples. Carli said: “Ham on the other hand can be a bit high in fat.” Moole, who owns Merus Gastroenterology & Gut Health LLC in Atlanta, said: “Lean poultry is gentle on the digestive tract and doesn’t significantly alter gastrointestinal motility.” Tweak: If turkey is on the menu, Moole says a small change can make a big difference—she advises removing the skin to cut down fat and reduce the chance of an “exaggerated gastrocolic response that can trigger bloating or urgency in sensitive individuals.” Potatoes Potatoes often get a bad reputation, but a University of Michigan study suggests they aren’t all bad: while their digestible starch can spike blood sugar, they also contain resistant starch that acts like fiber. "If you make them ahead and reheat, you even increase resistant starch—often better tolerated and gentler on the gut.” Tweak: Moole recommends keeping portions modest and making a couple of simple swaps: a small serving of mashed potatoes is often easiest on the gut, and using olive oil instead of butter adds a Mediterranean-style fat pattern linked to better digestion. Tweak: For the same comfort-food flavor with less fallout, Moole suggests going lighter—she said: “A lighter version made from low-fat broth or drippings skimmed of fat gives you flavor without the digestive backlash.” Stuffing “Traditional stuffing is delicious, but loaded with onions, garlic, and wheat—all common triggers due to a type of carbohydrate that plants use to store energy called fructans,” Moole said. Moole said: “Heavy cream-based desserts linger in the stomach and can worsen reflux or fullness.” “Skip sugar-free candies or desserts containing sorbitol, which can trigger diarrhea and cramping.” Tweak: To round off the meal gently, Moole suggests choosing a lighter sweet—think a small helping of baked fruit, a citrus-based dessert, or a dark-chocolate treat—so you still get that festive finish without overwhelming your gut.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/ncaa/big-12-team-facing-ncaa-punishment-after-rejecting-bowl-invitation-11170192
Article: The Iowa State Cyclones took a bit of a step back from their 11-3 season last year, which ended with a 42-41 Pop Tarts Bowl victory over the Miami Hurricanes. But then head coach Matt Campbell bolted to the Big Ten, agreeing to an eight-year deal to become the new head coach of the Penn State Nittany Lions last week. More News: Penn State Spends Big on High-Profile Matt Campbell Assistant Per On3, the school is subject to a fine from the NCAA for skipping out on a bowl game. More News: NFL Makes Punishment Decision on Bills QB Josh Allen Before Bengals Game “My family and I are excited to be joining the Iowa State University community and the Cyclone football program,” Rogers said in a statement.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Entertainment/wireStory/puerto-rico-salsa-giant-rafael-ithier-led-el-128188063
Article: Rafael Ithier, a beloved musician and a founder of the legendary salsa band El Gran Combo de Puerto Rico, whose hits have inspired Bad Bunny and other icons, has died FILE - Rafael Ithier of El Gran Combo de Puerto Rico accepts the Lifetime Achievement Award at the Lifetime Achievement and Trustees Awards presentation at the Ka Theater in the MGM Grand Hotel on Wednesday, Nov. (Photo by Chris Pizzello/Invision/AP, File) FILE - Rafael Ithier of El Gran Combo de Puerto Rico accepts the Lifetime Achievement Award at the Lifetime Achievement and Trustees Awards presentation at the Ka Theater in the MGM Grand Hotel on Wednesday, Nov. (Photo by Chris Pizzello/Invision/AP, File) SAN JUAN, Puerto Rico -- Rafael Ithier, a beloved musician and a founder of the legendary salsa band El Gran Combo de Puerto Rico, whose hits have inspired Bad Bunny and other icons from the U.S. “Puerto Rico has lost a giant, a man whose life was dedicated to elevating our identity through the art and rhythm that distinguishes us to the world,” said Marlese Sifre, mayor of Ponce. “Rafael Ithier Natal was not only the founder and musical director of one of our cultural pillars, El Gran Combo de Puerto Rico, but he was also an example of discipline, excellence, and deep love for our land.” Ithier was a self-taught pianist, arranger, composer, music producer and orchestra conductor of what many consider was the best salsa orchestra in the world. He embraced music at an early age, picking up the guitar at 10 years old, which he played at a corner store for tips, according to the National Foundation for Popular Culture, a local nonprofit. He later traveled to New York and formed “The Borinqueneers Mambo Kings,” named after the 65th Infantry Regiment of Puerto Rico, the renowned all-Hispanic and segregated Army unit that received medals for its service in World Wars I and II and the Korean War. On the group’s opening night, in May 1962 at the Rock’n Roll Club in Bayamón, Ithier took to the piano and, “the rest is history,” according to the National Foundation for Popular Culture. Under him, El Gran Combo attracted so many musicians who eventually became famous that it was nicknamed “the University of Salsa.” Among the legendary singers who were part of the orchestra was Charlie Aponte, who wrote on social media that “For mi, Rafa was and will continue to be like a father.” “He taught us and demanded responsibility, discipline and professionalism in our work; if you wanted to belong to the group, you had to meet those standards. The orchestra played on five continents, issued more than 40 albums and became known for hits including “Jala Jala,” “Me Liberé,” “Y No Hago Más Ná,” and “Un Verano en Nueva York,” which inspired one of Bad Bunny ’s most popular songs, “Nuevayol.” Salsa fans were in mourning on Sunday as news about Ithier’s death spread. An exemplary man, self-taught, with a strong and frank personality, who imprinted his down-to-earth style on all his struggles, feats and exploits,” said Agustín Montañez Allman, Puerto Rico’s government advocate for veteran affairs.

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/12/07/nx-s1-5636655/bama-miami-in-notre-dame-out-and-indiana-no-1-in-college-football-playoff-rankings
Article: 1 in College Football Playoff rankings toggle caption Michael Conroy/AP Nobody paying attention for the past 24 months would be surprised to see Indiana – yes, Indiana – leading the way into this year's College Football Playoff. But anyone paying attention over the last 24 hours knew the only sure thing beyond that was that the selection committee that set this 12-team bracket was destined to get destroyed when it released the pairings Sunday. The Fighting Irish dropped two notches in the rankings over the last two weeks despite a 10-game winning streak, winning their finale by 29 points and sitting on the couch Saturday. Sponsor Message Alabama didn't move at all in the CFP rankings after a 28-7 loss to Georgia that looked worse than that, but that the committee didn't count that against the Tide in keeping with a hazy policy that refrains from penalizing teams for playing in their league title game. Miami didn't play either, but the Hurricanes' win over Notre Dame in Week 1 played a role in their move once the teams were grouped right next to each other after BYU lost its game on Saturday. The committee's other key decision was choosing James Madison over Duke for the final spot, a selection that left the Atlantic Coast Conference champion out of the mix, but didn't fully exclude the ACC because of Miami's move into the bracket.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/show/national-security-strategist-analyzes-trump-administrations-new-global-policy
Article: On the weaknesses, I think it downplayed democracy and human rights, which I think is a mistake, was probably too critical of our European allies and I think also downplayed the challenges we face from autocratic rivals like China. And so it would be irresponsible as a European official not to question America's commitment to Europe and to think about how Europe might need to go its own way. Matthew Kroenig: Our allies and partners in the Western Hemisphere have often felt like they are overlooked, that the United States has paid more attention to Europe, to the Middle East and to Asia. Mid and lower level officials in the Department of Defense, the State Department, the intelligence community, want to know what they should be doing on a day to day basis. So I suspect Putin will see that as a step forward from his point of view, compared to traditional strategies that I think correctly portrayed Russia more as a threat to Europe and a threat to the United States.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/show/1-in-10-births-in-the-u-s-are-premature-heres-how-ai-could-help-doctors-predict-it
Article: Erica Shoemate: We learned that my daughter actually has Ellis van Crevel syndrome, which has less than 300 cases reported in the world, but it's highly concentrated in the Amish Dutch population. Roxanne Romeo: Every day I would have to call in the morning to talk to one of the NICU nurses to find out how many episodes she had the night before, which is when a baby stops breathing. Ali Rogin: Tell me a little bit more about what you and your wife went through to build your family and how that inspired you to begin working in this field. And I so thought maybe if I could create an AI that could predict that a premature birth is impending, then doctors would have a fighting chance to prevent that, and they have time to do something about it. Robert Bunn: I eventually learned that the solution is to obtain millions of ultrasound images, and then I have the outcomes of what happened to those babies in those images. But basically what the AI eventually learned how to do was to find patterns in these images that then correlated to the actual outcomes, which opened up a whole lot of new discoveries, as well as the capability to predict the delivery date of these babies, which then, of course, the doctors could then act upon and determine if that was going to work or if they needed to do something. And I think that's the problem I needed to solve is to give doctors very precise delivery dates of when these babies were going to be delivered so then they could then act confidently to treat those women. Then there's also the case where there's high risk pregnancies and they want to keep the babies in as long as possible because that reduces time in NICU and they have a good idea of when the baby's going to spontaneously deliver and a spontaneous deliver may not be the best choice in that case.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/death-toll-rises-5-after-explosion-police-station-128189875
Article: The number of victims killed in an explosion outside a police station in the western Mexican state of Michoacán over the weekend has risen to five FILE - Michoacán State Governor Alfredo Ramirez Bedolla, left, and Mexican President Claudia Sheinbaum attend a presentation of the new security strategy against violence for the state of Michoacan, at the National Palace in Mexico City, Nov. (AP Photo/Claudia Rosel, File) FILE - Michoacán State Governor Alfredo Ramirez Bedolla, left, and Mexican President Claudia Sheinbaum attend a presentation of the new security strategy against violence for the state of Michoacan, at the National Palace in Mexico City, Nov. (AP Photo/Claudia Rosel, File) MEXICO CITY -- The number of victims killed in an explosion outside a police station in the western Mexican state of Michoacán over the weekend has risen to five, the Attorney General’s Office said Sunday. The blast happened at midday in the center of the town of Coahuayana, on the coast of Michoacán, a state where numerous criminal groups operate, including the powerful Jalisco New Generation Cartel. The explosion happened while the state governor, Alfredo Ramírez Bedolla, was participating in a public event with President Claudia Sheinbaum in Mexico City to celebrate seven years of government by the ruling Morena party. At least three of the six drug cartels that the Trump administration has designated as terrorist organizations — Jalisco New Generation, United Cartels and The New Michoacan Family — operate in Michoacán, in addition to a slew of homegrown armed splinter groups, some supported by the Sinaloa Cartel.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/7/we-need-to-make-it-work-can-international-law-deliver-justice?traffic_source=rss
Article: “But again, for me, it’s important that people understand the extent … the United States, Israel and others would go to silence the voice of justice, the voice of human rights,” Albanese said. As leaders, diplomats, and legal experts gathered in Qatar’s capital for the Doha Forum this weekend under the theme “Justice in Action: Beyond Promises to Progress”, the crisis in Gaza dominated discussions. Allegations of genocide against Israel, repeated vetoes blocking UN ceasefire resolutions, and growing pressure on international justice mechanisms have made Gaza a test case for the rules-based international order, raising questions about whether international law is capable of providing justice. ‘Sense of insecurity around me’ According to Albanese’s legal assessments, Israel’s conduct in its war on Gaza constitutes a genocide, a term that prominent human rights groups such as Amnesty International, Human Rights Watch and Israel’s B’Tselem have also used. Advertisement When announcing the sanctions on Albanese, US Secretary of State Marco Rubio accused her of waging a “campaign of political and economic warfare against the United States and Israel”. “I have been subjected to smear campaigns,” she said, adding that US officials have accused her of being an anti-Semite, of supporting violence, and of failing to condemn the crimes committed on October 7 against Israeli civilians. In addition to targeting Albanese, the US imposed sanctions in August on nine judges and prosecutors of the International Criminal Court (ICC), including two European citizens, after the court began investigating alleged Israeli war crimes in Gaza. It creates a chilling effect.” Western hesitance In November 2024, the ICC issued arrest warrants for Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and former Defence Minister Yoav Gallant for alleged “war crimes”. The US called the move “outrageous”, and while the United Kingdom and Canada said they would adhere to international law, they did not make clear if they would uphold the warrant. Janine Di Giovanni, co-founder of the Reckoning Project, which documents war crimes in Sudan, Ukraine and Gaza, said the position of many Western states reeked of a glaring “double standard”. Advertisement “There is one set of laws and rules that pertain to Ukraine … and another set for brown and Black people,” she said, pointing to the ICC’s historical focus on African leaders and the failure of Western powers to hold Israel accountable. “This is the first genocide in history that has awakened a conscience, a global conscience, and has the potential to be stopped.” Meanwhile, Reckoning Project’s Di Giovanni said the UN General Assembly could be “activated to work at a higher level and a more effective level than what they’re doing, while the Security Council is blocked”. Di Giovanni added that it was crucial to address the “extraordinary heinous crimes that Netanyahu and others” have committed, or else it would send a message that “impunity is rampant”.

Link: https://abc7.com/post/president-trump-says-hes-hosting-kennedy-center-honors-gala-recognizing-stallone-kiss-gaynor-others/18261093/
Article: Trump says he's hosting the Kennedy Center Honors gala recognizing Stallone, Kiss, Gaynor and others WASHINGTON -- Sylvester Stallone, Kiss and Gloria Gaynor are among the luminaries being celebrated Sunday at the annual Kennedy Center Honors, with Donald Trump hosting the show, the first time a president will command the stage instead of sitting in an Opera House box. The Republican president said Saturday at a State Department dinner for the honorees that he was doing so "at the request of a certain television network." He predicted that the broadcast, scheduled to air Dec. "It's going to be something that I believe, and I'm going to make a prediction: This will be the highest-rated show that they've ever done and they've gotten some pretty good ratings, but there's nothing like what's going to happen" on Sunday night, Trump said. Members of this year's class are pop-culture standouts, including Stallone for his "Rocky" and "Rambo" movies, Gaynor for her feminist anthem "I Will Survive" and Kiss for its flashy, cartoonish makeup and onstage displays of smoke and fire. Previous honorees have come from a broad range of art forms, whether dance (Martha Graham, Merce Cunningham), theater (Stephen Sondheim, Andrew Lloyd Webber), movies (Meryl Streep, Tom Hanks) or music (Bob Dylan, Joni Mitchell). AP Photo/Kevin Wolf Trump has taken over the Kennedy Center Trump upended decades of bipartisan support for the center by ousting its leadership and stacking the board of trustees with Republican supporters, who then elected him chair. He has criticized the center's programming and the building's appearance - and has said, perhaps jokingly, that he would rename it as the "Trump Kennedy Center." He secured more than $250 million from Congress for renovations of the building. Trump has said he was deeply involved in choosing the 2025 honorees and turned down some recommendations because they were "too woke." While Stallone is one of Trump's Hollywood "special ambassadors" and has likened Trump to George Washington, the political views of Sunday's other guests are less clear. Honorees' views about Trump Strait and Gaynor have said little about their politics, although Federal Election Commission records show that Gaynor has given money to Republican organizations in recent years. "If your candidate won, it's time to understand that those who don't share your views also believe they are right and love this country as much as you do." -- Italie reported from New York.

Link: https://abc13.com/post/nonstop-bus-iah-will-switch-terminals-before-holiday-travel-season-improve-traffic-flow-safety-metro-says/18260931/
Article: HOUSTON, Texas (KTRK) -- METRO has implemented a change to its METRO 500 IAH Downtown Direct nonstop bus route to Bush Intercontinental Airport from downtown Houston ahead of the next busy holiday travel period. "But I think I am going to take the bus, just come here a little bit earlier, to catch my flight." METRO recommends using its other services, such as nearby rail or a Community Connector, if they are convenient, to reach the bus stop.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/politics/violent-threats-pile-up-as-indiana-republicans-confront-pressure-from-trump-on-redistricting
Article: Mike Braun and the House of Representatives are on board, the proposal may fall short with senators who value their civic traditions and independence over what they fear would be short-term partisan gain. It’s a bewildering and frightening experience for lawmakers who consider themselves loyal party members and never imagined they would be doing their jobs under the same shadow of violence that has darkened American political life in recent years. Leising described it as “a very dangerous and intimidating process.” The three are among roughly a dozen Republicans in the Indiana Senate who have seen their lives turned upside down while President Donald Trump pushes to redraw the state’s congressional map to expand the party’s power in the 2026 midterm elections. “When you have the president of the United States and your governor sending signals, you want to listen to them,” said Rogers, who has not declared her position on the redistricting push. “But it doesn’t mean you’ll compromise your values.” On Friday, Trump posted a list of senators who “need encouragement to make the right decision,” and he took to social media Saturday to say that if legislators “stupidly say no, vote them out of Office – They are not worthy – And I will be there to help!” Meanwhile, the conservative campaign organization Turning Point Action said it would spend heavily to unseat anyone who voted “no.” Senators are scheduled to convene Monday to consider the proposal after months of turmoil. The police in his hometown of West Lafayette knew the senator was a potential target for “swatting,” a dangerous type of hoax when someone reports a fake emergency to provoke an aggressive response from law enforcement. “The country would be an uglier place for it,” he said just days after Vice President JD Vance visited the state in August, the first of two trips to talk with lawmakers about approving new maps. Sue Glick, a Republican who was first elected in 2010 and previously served as a local prosecutor, said she has never seen “this kind of rancor” in politics in her lifetime. Andy Zay said his vehicle-leasing business was targeted with a pipe bomb scare on the same day he learned that he would face a primary challenger who accuses Zay of being insufficiently conservative. “For those who have made a decision to stand up for history and tradition, the tactics of persuasion do not embolden them to change their viewpoint.” The White House did not respond to messages seeking a reaction to Zay’s comments. Some 21% of Republican voters backed Nikki Haley over Trump in last year’s presidential primary, even though the former South Carolina governor had already suspended her campaign two months earlier. But the governor before him, Republican Mitch Daniels, recently said it was “clearly wrong.” The proposed map, which was released Monday and approved by the state House on Friday, attempts to dilute the influence of Democratic voters in Indianapolis by splitting up the city.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/wireStory/trump-slams-pardoned-democratic-congressman-disloyal-switching-parties-128190597
Article: Henry Cuellar plans to run for reelection as a Democrat rather than switch parties after the president pardoned the Texas congressman and his wife in a federal bribery and conspiracy case FILE - Rep. Trump blasted Cuellar for “Such a lack of LOYALTY,” suggesting the Republican president might have expected the clemency to bolster the GOP's narrow House majority heading into the 2026 midterm elections. Cuellar, in a television interview Sunday after Trump's social media post, said he was a conservative Democrat willing to work with the administration “to see where we can find common ground.” The congressman said he had prayed for the president and the presidency at church that morning “because if the president succeeds, the country succeeds.” Citing a fellow Texas politician, the late President Lyndon Johnson, Cuellar said he was an American, Texan and Democrat, in that order. "I think anybody that puts party before their country is doing a disservice to their country,” he told Fox News Channel's “Sunday Morning Futures.” Trump noted on his Truth Social platform that the Democratic President Joe Biden's administration had brought the charges against Cuellar and that the congressman, by running once more as a Democrat, was continuing to work with “the same RADICAL LEFT” that wanted him and his wife in prison — “And probably still do!” “Such a lack of LOYALTY, something that Texas Voters, and Henry’s daughters, will not like. Trump is trying to defend Republicans’ House majority and avoid a repeat of his first term, when Democrats dominated the House midterms and used a new majority to stymie the administration, launch investigations and twice impeach Trump. Yet Cuellar's South Texas district, which includes parts of metro San Antonio, was not one of the Democratic districts that Republicans changed substantially, and Cuellar believes he remains well-positioned to win reelection. Federal authorities had charged Cuellar and his wife with accepting thousands of dollars in exchange for the congressman advancing the interests of an Azerbaijan-controlled energy company and a bank in Mexico. In the Fox interview,, Cuellar insisted that federal authorities tried to entrap him with “a sting operation to try to bribe me, and that failed.” Cuellar still faces a House Ethics Committee investigation.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/7/acclaimed-british-photographer-martin-parr-dies-aged-73?traffic_source=rss
Article: One of the best-known documentary photographers of his time, whose lens was often focused on the peculiarities of the English class system, Parr died at his home in the western English city of Bristol on Sunday. Born and raised in Surrey, south of London, in the 1950s, Parr was inspired by his grandfather, a keen amateur photographer, and opted for his chosen profession while still a teenager. But he found himself drawn to colour photography, which was becoming the standard form, inspired by the style of amusing seaside postcards and other kitsch items of everyday 1970s Britain. Parr rose to prominence with his 1980s collection, The Last Resort, which depicted working-class visitors to the seaside town of New Brighton, with highly saturated shots of frazzled beachgoers lit by lurid flash. In The Cost of Living, Parr captured gentrification under the government of Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher in the 1980s, documenting the middle classes keeping up appearances at suburban garden parties and fundraising events with an always satirical eye. Parr later responded: “I know what you mean, but why shoot the messenger?” Though he travelled the globe during his decades-spanning career, snapping images everywhere from North Korea to Albania and Japan to Russia, he was best known for his unvarnished, warts-and-all depictions of Britain. He told AFP he felt connected with Britain’s “history of satire and humour”, but had a “love-hate relationship” with the people, particularly amid the divisions of Brexit, which he captured after the 2016 referendum with photos depicting the volatility of the era. In an interview with the AFP news agency published last month, he argued that the world has never been more in need of the kind of satire captured in his images.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/video/the-bottom-line/2025/12/7/kagame-never-seen-this-much-attention-to-ending-africa-war?traffic_source=rss
Article: US diplomacy under President Donald Trump has a bigger chance of success because it focuses on transactional deals that “translate into improvements of people’s lives” instead of “theories about democracy, freedom and human rights”, argues Rwandan President Paul Kagame. Kagame, who has led Rwanda for more than 30 years, tells host Steve Clemons that he’s “never seen the level of focus, attention, energy and pressure” that the US president brought to the conflict between the Democratic Republic of the Congo and Rwanda, which led to the signing of a tentative deal between the two sides in Washington on December 4.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/football/articles/cx2gpl02ke4o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: The upshot is that City are now six points clear at the top of the WSL, and suddenly a first league title since 2016 seems like it is theirs to lose. That was when Everton, the other Merseyside team, completed a smash and grab at Kingsmeadow which lacked the goals of the game on May 1, 2024, but was no less lacking in drama. "You could see that frustration and maybe that little bit of self-doubt and with that, they started to snatch at chances and we saw that a little bit in the second half and later in the game," former England international Fara Williams told BBC Sport. The only thing was we couldn't score." It seemed in the final stages that they would play until Chelsea scored, with play continuing beyond the allotted additional time as Toffees boss Brian Sorensen waved and roared in frustration on the sidelines.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/7/russia-welcomes-trumps-revised-us-security-strategy?traffic_source=rss
Article: The US document published last week warns that Europe faces what it calls “civilizational erasure”, identifies ending the war in Ukraine as a “core” US interest, and signals a shift towards restoring what Washington describes as strategic stability with Moscow. But Peskov cautioned that the position of what he called the US “deep state” – a term the US president has used to accuse officials who he believes are undermining his agenda – may differ from Trump’s new security strategy. Ukraine war diplomacy Since Russia’s annexation of Crimea in 2014 and its full-scale invasion of Ukraine in 2022, successive US strategies have identified Moscow as a destabilising force threatening the post-Cold War order. Trump in March told Fox News that “as a student of history, which I am, and I’ve watched it all, the first thing you learn is you don’t want Russia and China to get together.” Experts say the document marks Trump’s desire to overhaul the US-led post–World War II order, reshaping global alliances through a so-called “America First” lens. It also emphasises defending what it calls the “Western identity” of Europe and preventing “civilizational erasure”, language that analysts say aligns with far-right narratives within the European Union and the US.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nfl/colts-qb-daniel-jones-leaves-game-with-brutal-injury-against-jaguars-11170403
Article: The Indianapolis Colts received a potentially devastating blow to their hopes of making a serious push in the NFL Playoffs, as they seemingly lost starting quarterback Daniel Jones in the first half of Sunday's game. The Colts' star QB went down in the second quarter of the matchup with the Jacksonville Jaguars, seemingly to injure the lower part of his leg when planting his foot on a throw. In a further update, Underdog NFL reported that Jones would not return due to an Achilles injury, which is certainly not ideal for the Colts or Jones, who was already playing hurt on his leg. Backup quarterback Riley Leonard filled in once Jones was ruled out, but he may have been in just to watch the Jaguars roll to victory, as they led 21-10 late in the second quarter.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/mlb/jarren-duran-hunter-greene-bowden-11169478
Article: As baseball's winter meetings get underway Sunday, the Boston Red Sox enter with two items topping their shopping list: a power bat, preferably from the right side, and another addition to their starting rotation. And while Breslow has not said so, there is at least a 50 percent chance that Boston will trade outfielder Jarren Duran, according to ESPN longtime MLB insider Jeff Passan, and Duran's name has appeared in numerous trade rumors, frequently for a pitcher. Former MLB general manager and 1999 MLB Executive of the Year Jim Bowden on Friday proposed a trade that would address both of those concerns, dealing Duran as part of a package for a starting pitcher who once set a record for throwing the most pitches at 100 mph or faster in a single start, as recorded by Statcast. Bowden's proposal: "The Reds trade Hunter Greene to the Red Sox for outfielder Jarren Duran and pitchers Payton Tolle and Jedixson Paez." Greene, whose name has also been mentioned often in trade rumors, was the Cincinnati Reds' first-round draft pick in 2017, out of Notre Dame High School in Sherman Oaks, California. More MLB: Red Sox Tabbed to Nab $6 Million Ace for Jarren Duran in 3-Team Blockbuster Since then, Greene has thrown 495 2/3 innings with a 3.65 ERA and 617 strikeouts. The 6-foot-6, 250-pound left-hander got a call-up toward the end of this season, starting three games for the Red Sox with four bullpen appearances, compiling a 6.06 ERA, indicating that after just one professional season in which he advanced from Single-A to the majors, Tolle could still use development. 19 prospect, the 21-year-old right-hander from Venezuela "has exhibited the best control in Boston's system and some of the best in the Minors since signing for $450,000" in 2021, according to an MLB Pipeline scouting report. As for Duran, according to Bowden, he would serve as the "table-setter for the top of their lineup." Even in what was considered a down year for Duran, his .774 OPS was higher than that of any Reds outfielder and his 4.7 WAR was more than double centerfielder TJ Friedl’s 2.3 WAR, the tops from any Cincinnati outfielder.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/russia-welcomes-donald-trumps-national-security-strategy-11170196
Article: “The strategy unexpectedly echoes what we have been saying for over a year: security must be shared and sovereignty respected,” Medvedev, a former Russian president and prime minister, wrote on his Max messaging profile. Why It Matters The administration remains under scrutiny over President Donald Trump’s working relationship with his Russian counterpart Vladimir Putin as Russia and Ukraine remain in gridlock after months of attempted negotiations to end Russia’s invasion of the Eastern European nation that began in February 2022. European allies were critical of a proposed peace plan the Trump administration published last month, which would have significantly reduced Ukraine’s armed forces and handed Russia territory it does not currently control. What To Know The administration released a 33-page National Security Strategy document that laid out Trump’s vision for how America will proceed with international concerns in relation to national security. The document, usually released once each presidential term, heavily focuses on Western Hemisphere operations, with intent to limit or eliminate drug trafficking and migration, with reprisals of the Monroe doctrine asserting U.S. Key among the various points laid out by the administration is “a core interest of the United States to negotiate an expeditious cessation of hostilities in Ukraine,” and trying to decrease the risk of Russian confrontation with other European countries. It also stresses a need to "re-establish strategic stability to Russia," which would "stabilize European economies,” also suggesting that Europe overall is in decline as “it is far from obvious whether certain European countries will have economies and militaries strong enough to remain reliable allies.” ... is “ready to discuss security architecture rather than impose endless and meaningless sanctions.” Chiefly, Medvedev noted that the document for the first time in many years does not refer to Russia as a “threat” but as a participant in the dialogue on stability. Kremlin spokesperson Dmitry Peskov in an interview with Russia’s state news agency Tass on Sunday called the document “largely consistent with our vision" and "a positive step." What People Are Saying Senator Mark Kelly, an Arizona Democrat, last week wrote on X: "Donald Trump’s National Security Strategy puts his family’s and friends’ business interests with our adversaries, like Russia and China, over promises to our allies. influence across the globe and undermine our national security." Senator Eric Schmitt, a Missouri Republican, wrote on X: "America is back to practicing a foreign policy rooted in strength, restraint, and national interest, not Wilsonian fantasy. The new National Security Strategy marks a clear return to a distinctly American tradition: Realism." Ukraine's former Economy Minister Tymofiy Mylovanov wrote on X on Sunday: "Trump's National Security Strategy confirms what Europe refuses to see.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/blue-jays-urged-to-retain-bo-bichette-on-210-million-contract-11170052
Article: The Blue Jays are expected to pursue top free agents like Kyle Tucker, but Bleacher Report's Tim Kelly urged the team to prioritize bringing back Bo Bichette, with the star projected to sign a $210 million contract. "With the signing of Cease and Shane Bieber deciding not to opt out, the starting rotation in Toronto is likely set, perhaps even to the point where the defending AL champions could consider trading from their surplus of starters," Kelly wrote Friday. If not Bichette, the Blue Jays could pivot to Kyle Tucker, Cody Bellinger or another free agent and have Andrés Giménez play shortstop on a full-time basis in 2026." Bichette is a two-time All-Star who slashed .311/.357/.483 this season with 18 home runs and 94 RBIs. Bichette will be one of the most sought-after players in free agency, and with the Blue Jays in need of another big bat, bringing back the star shortstop makes sense.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/mlb/phillies-predicted-to-sign-kyle-schwarber-to-120-million-deal-at-winter-meetings-11170267
Article: Dave Dombrowski knows he has to retool the roster, but there are a few players he would like to bring back from the group that lost in the National League Division Series to the Los Angeles Dodgers. After feeling out his market for a day at the Winter Meetings, the Phillies will give Schwarber either a four-year or five-year deal at around $30M per year and will spend the rest of the winter figuring out more budget-friendly solutions at catcher, outfield and bullpen. This deal is reasonable for both sides as it would keep one of the best hitters in baseball in Philadelphia while still giving the team some flexibility to address other areas of the roster that need to be filled or upgraded. "With each passing day that the deal doesn't get announced, it becomes a little more realistic that he could end up somewhere else." Dombrowski should move quickly with Schwarber and even if a deal isn't finalized by the end of the winter meetings, reasonable progress is to be expected.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/yankees-may-be-out-on-bellinger-tucker-in-free-agency-insider-11170212
Article: With Yankees owner Hal Steinbrenner acknowledging that the team could be more prudent moving forward with its spending, signing a top free agent may be out of the cards for New York. New York has a reputation of spending, but broadcaster Michael Kay emphasized how the Yankees' budgeting could take them out of the market for Cody Bellinger and Kyle Tucker in free agency. “If they intend to stay under $300 (million), they are not getting (Cody) Bellinger, they are not getting (Kyle) Tucker, they are not going to be able to make any significant move,” Kay said in a video posted to X by ESPN New York. “Because if you look at the big salaries on the Yankees, who exactly can they move to create that salary space to bring in a $25 million or $30 million contract, let’s just say on Bellinger, and if it’s Tucker, a $40 million contract? And that’s why, if in fact it’s true that they are not going over $300 million -- I have to wait and see if that’s true because I can’t believe that’s the marching orders, because if it’s the marching orders, they cannot recreate a 94-win team.” Though the $300 million limit may not be strict, it will be interesting to see if the team is willing to spend the money to sign a player like Bellinger or Tucker this offseason.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/mlb/yankees-get-interesting-cody-bellinger-blue-jays-update-amid-kyle-tucker-rumors-11170278
Article: "The Yankees still are the favorites to bring him back, but the (New York) Mets are in play, and he’s a fallback plan for teams like the (Philadelphia) Phillies and Blue Jays." ...

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/marjorie-taylor-greene-says-shes-received-over-700-death-threats-11170343
Article: Representative Marjorie Taylor Greene, a Georgia Republican, says her office has reported more than 700 death threats in five years—initially from the “left,” and now, from the “right” after her recent break with President Donald Trump over the Jeffrey Epstein files, she wrote Sunday on X. Recently, however, she has been among the GOP’s most outspoken internal critics, especially on foreign policy and the Epstein files, in which she signed onto a petition to force a vote to release them. Trump then revoked his endorsement of Greene and publicly called her out in Truth Social posts, referring to her as "Marjorie 'Traitor' Green [sic]" stating that she is "a disgrace to our GREAT REPUBLICAN PARTY!” Greene, who was first elected in 2020, and then reelected in 2022 and 2024, has been a polarizing member of Congress. What to Know In a lengthy X thread on Sunday, Greene described the threats she has received and the people she contacted for help, saying she has never been given a security detail, and that any protection she has had was privately hired. “My office has reported 773 death threats to Capitol Police, but those were just the threats that came directly into my office via call or email, and don’t include the countless threats online to myself and my family members. In a second post, she noted the political lean of the threats, writing: “All of the death threats came from the ‘left’ until I stood with the Epstein Survivors, woman who were raped as teenagers, abused, and trafficked by rich powerful men, and that’s when President Trump turned on me and called me a ‘traitor’ and then new death threats and harassments came from the ‘right’ or somewhere.” During a recent CBS News 60 Minutes interview, Greene said that Trump grew "furious" with her after she signed a House discharge petition demanding the release of all government documents concerning Epstein, a convicted sex offender. Greene isn’t the only lawmaker with an uptick of threats against her, with a group of congressional Democrats with national security backgrounds reporting a surge of incoming threats following Trump’s comments that their remarks in a video where they urged service members to defy "illegal orders" by the Trump administration are “punishable by DEATH.” Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer, a New York Democrat, said earlier in December that three of his New York offices were targeted with emailed bomb threats. The Republican lawmaker says she sent “these assassination threats on my son to President Trump in which he responded with harsh accusatory replies and zero sympathy.” In a fourth post, she stated, “My voting and legislation has always been conservative and unapologetically America First," later continuing, “Must I stay until I am Charlie Kirk’ed?” in reference to the public assassination of conservative commentator Charlie Kirk earlier this year. She concluded her post by calling out Republicans and the Trump administration, saying, “A Congressional Republican majority who takes orders from the WH and relinquishes all control to the executive branch, is not serving the will of their voters. And an admin that only provides results through executive orders only provides temporary policies to the American people.” "Regardless of left or right, death threats and political violence is out of control," she ended. What People Are Saying Representative Tim Burchett, a Tennessee Republican, told Axios in December that threats on lawmakers have been a factor in several members’ decisions to retire, "It takes a toll on people.” Senator Elissa Slotkin, a Michigan Democrat, told NBC News in November: "We've had hundreds and hundreds, if not, you know, closer to a thousand threats.” Representative Seth Moulton, a Massachusetts Democrat, said in a September X post: "My office has received an extraordinary number of violent and graphic threats yesterday and today from right-wing individuals online and over the phone—directed toward me, my family, and my staff—after I pointed out the simple fact that President Trump should join Speaker [Mike] Johnson and other level-headed Republicans in condemning political violence, not inciting it further." What Happens Next?

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/mlb/mets-predicted-to-dump-75m-all-star-in-winter-meetings-trade-11170083
Article: Having moved on from longtime Mets outfielder Brandon Nimmo and signed reliever Devin Williams to a three-year contract, New York is well on its way to hitting the reset button. But a move that's often been rumored so far this offseason is trading someone away, and one baseball writer believes that will happen this week at the Major League Baseball Winter Meetings. On Sunday, Kerry Miller of Bleacher Report predicted that the Mets would move on from Kodai Senga, who has two years remaining on a five-year, $75 million contract, before the end of the winter meetings on Wednesday. "(New York) will trade away Kodai Senga, who has two years and $30M remaining on his deal and who ended this past season in Triple-A after a disastrous run through the first six weeks of the second half," wrote Miller. "While the Mets might be done with Senga, there should be quite a bit of interest in a very reasonably priced pitcher with a career ERA of 3.00 and career K/9 of 10.1. We'll get semi-specific here and say he lands with one of the non-Seattle teams in the AL West, all of whom have rotation needs and probably not enough room in their budget to sign a Valdez or a Suárez." It would be a quick reversal of fortunes for Senga, who has been a fan favorite for his three years in Queens, to be traded after a rough three-month stretch. But the stretch really was that rough, as he had a 6.56 ERA and 22 walks in 35 2/3 innings after the All-Star break, which also leaves out his demotion to Triple-A.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/womans-symptoms-dismissed-period-pain-devastating-diagnosis-11142537
Article: "At the start of June, I got back in touch with the GP because I needed stronger relief as the leg pain was disrupting my life," Jones, now 26, said. "This was when I noticed the smaller symptoms, too; getting out of breath, dizziness, tasting blood, weight loss, bloating, loss of appetite, extreme fatigue and itchy skin." At the time, Jones had joined a gym, she was watching what she ate, and was going through a busy spell at work. To her surprise, Jones was seen by a consultant the following morning to inform her that the hospital she was in couldn’t treat leukemia, so she was being transferred to a larger facility. "I had nothing to say apart from asking if I would be OK, as the only understanding I had of leukemia was from reading and watching [the Cameron Diaz film] My Sister's Keeper." A bone-marrow biopsy confirmed that Jones had B-cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia, and it had progressed rapidly. Then, chemotherapy started, which I had four cycles of, before starting maintenance chemo, which should have been almost two years long." Chemotherapy was tough, as Jones faced many ups and downs. These drastic changes are a lot to cope with, which is why I believe cancer is equally a mental battle as much as it is physical." Living Through a Relapse After ringing the bell in April 2025, Jones’s journey was far from over. "That was such a relief after how hard the chemo was; there were points I was worried I wouldn’t make it through." Jones’ treatment included CAR-T (Chimeric Antigen Receptor T-cell) treatment, a relatively new form of immunotherapy that involves genetically engineering a patient’s T-cells to attack cancerous cells.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/ncaa/nick-saban-has-strong-reaction-to-notre-dames-college-football-playoff-snub-11170320
Article: The college football world was left in shock on Sunday after the College Football Playoff committee officially unveiled the 12-team field, notably leaving the Notre Dame Fighting Irish out in favor of the Miami Hurricanes. However, Sunday’s selection was the only one that truly mattered, and the committee ultimately gave weight to Miami’s Week 1 head-to-head win over the Fighting Irish when deciding between the two 10-2 teams. but really I think you're going to have two teams in the playoffs, no dispresct to the group of five that are nowhere near ranked as highly as teams that are much better than them. I'm happy for the teams that got but I just think there was one team that was left out, that I just think shouldn't have been left out." More news: Nick Saban Predicts Who Will Win Ohio State-Indiana Big Ten Championship ...

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/ncaa/cfp-committee-notre-dame-miami-alabama-11170312
Article: During the rankings reveal on ESPN's broadcast, CFP committee member Hunter Yurachek explained what caused Miami to jump Notre Dame on Sunday so that the Hurricanes and the Alabama Crimson Tide earned the final two at-large spots for the playoff. "We felt like the way BYU performed in their championship game, a second loss to Texas Tech in a similar fashion, was worthy of Miami moving ahead of them in the rankings," Yurachek said. And with that in mind, we gave Miami the nod over Notre Dame." While the Cougars, like Ohio State in the Big Ten Championship Game, were punished for losing in a conference championship, Alabama stayed put at No. Yurachek argued that the committee took the Crimson Tide's complete body of work, including a gnarly 31-17 loss to Florida State in Week 1, and thought that mattered more than how Alabama performed in a playoff-like atmosphere. "We evaluated all of those conference championship games, and felt like, in the end, regardless of Alabama's performance yesterday, their body of work in those first 12 games where they had probably the best win (a 24-21 win over Georgia on Sept. "The strength of schedule was the highest in the top 11, and we felt like in spite of their performance yesterday in a conference championship, they deserved to stay in that nine spot." The committee had a tough job to decide whether to keep out Miami, Alabama or Notre Dame for the CFP.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/how-to-buy-inter-miami-2025-mls-cup-champions-gear-shop-hats-jerseys-t-shirts-hoodies-11170160
Article: After an early own goal gave Miami the lead, a second‑half assist from Lionel Messi set up Rodrigo De Paul for the go‑ahead goal in the 71st minute, and a late strike by Tadeo Allende sealed the win in stoppage time. Inter Miami’s first MLS Cup proves the team can deliver on its big ambitions, and for fans, players, and everyone connected to the club, this victory is a celebration of years of building, believing, and never giving up.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/how-to-buy-duke-blue-devils-2025-acc-champions-gear-shop-hats-t-shirts-11170245
Article: For the players, the coaches, and the fans, the 2025 ACC title is a moment to celebrate, proof that hard work, grit, and belief can turn the underdog into a champion.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/how-to-buy-indiana-hoosiers-2025-big-ten-champions-gear-shop-hats-t-shirts-11170246
Article: The Indiana Hoosiers closed out a perfect season by beating the Ohio State Buckeyes 13–10 in the 2025 Big Ten Football Championship Game to become conference champions, finishing 13–0 overall.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/officials-warn-mushroom-foragers-after-death-in-california-11170176
Article: An outbreak of mushroom poisoning that left one person dead and sickened 20 others has prompted an advisory from the California Département of Public Health (CDPH) warning foragers in the Golden State about the risk of consuming wild mushrooms. What To Know Between mid-November and early December, the California Poison Control System reported 21 cases of amatoxin poisoning linked to wild, foraged mushrooms, resulting in one confirmed adult fatality. Most cases were clustered in Monterey County and the San Francisco Bay Area, though officials noted that the risk is present statewide due to favorable growth conditions in the fall and winter months. Poisonings are not exclusive to the U.S.; Australia has also witnessed fatal outbreaks involving the death cap mushroom in recent years, including a recent case where a woman fed the deadly mushrooms to members of her ex-husband's family, killing three. Erica Pan, CDPH director and state public health officer, said in an official statement on December 5: “Death cap mushrooms contain potentially deadly toxins that can lead to liver failure. Because the death cap can easily be mistaken for edible safe mushrooms, we advise the public not to forage for wild mushrooms at all during this high-risk season.” CDPH said in a news release December 5: “Death cap mushrooms are found in many parts of California, particularly near oaks and other hardwood trees, including pine trees. Given the grave risk posed by consuming these toxic mushrooms, CDPH strongly advises the public to avoid foraging wild mushrooms and to only consume mushrooms purchased from reputable stores or known commercial sources." What Happens Next?

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/betting/best-nfl-week-14-player-props-a-jeanty-d-kincaid-among-top-options-11170211
Article: Below, we'll break down the case for Ashton Jeanty to record at least five receptions and Dalton Kincaid to have a big afternoon in his return to action for Buffalo. If you're not already signed up, click the link below: When a team can't protect its quarterback*, that often leads to a significant increase in the running back's role in the passing game. It's also worth noting that since the Raiders traded WR Jakobi Meyers to the Jaguars after Week 9, Jeanty has been one of Smith's top three most-targeted receivers in four straight games. He's had at least four receptions in five of eight games this season, and that's despite being on the field for more than 50 percent of Buffalo's offensive snaps just three times all season. What opposing tight ends have done against the Bengals in recent weeks also makes Kincaid a great bet to not only have at least 4 receptions, but potentially rack up major yardage and/or find the end zone. BAL -- Isaiah Likely + Mark Andrews combined: 12 targets, 9 catches, 142 yards Newsweek may earn an affiliate commission if you sign up through any links in this article.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/articles/crl9ze93293o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: "When it comes to breaking down opponents in a compact area, they have been lacking for quite a while now." A switch to a back three with Hyunjun Yang and Sebastian Tounekti deployed wide but well advanced.

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/12/07/nx-s1-5636662/hegseth-venezuela-boat-strike-video
Article: Defense Department is reviewing boat strike video for possible release, Hegseth says toggle caption Caylo Seals/Getty Images North America Defense Secretary Pete Hegseth says the Defense Department is reviewing the video of several Sept. Sponsor Message "We've got operators out there doing this right now, so whatever we were to decide to release, we would have to be very responsible about, so we're reviewing that right now," he said Saturday during an appearance at the Ronald Reagan Presidential Library in California. 2 strikes, the military conducted a second strike on several crew members who had survived the initial attack, leading to criticism that the Trump administration had killed people who no longer posed a threat. Sponsor Message "There's a certain amount of sympathy out there for going after drug runners," Himes said, "but I think it's really important that people see what it looks like when the full force of the United States military is turned on two guys who are clinging to a piece of wood and about to go under, just so that they have sort of a visceral feel for what it is that we're doing." Republican Sen. John Curtis of Utah said Sunday on CNN's State of the Union that he would "err on the side of transparency" when it came to the decision to release the footage. Saying that Americans liked to make decisions based on facts, Curtis added that "the more we can give them that information, the more comfortable they're going to feel, and that's actually one of the ways we're going to restore trust in government." Trump has had increasingly harsh words for Venezuelan President Nicolás Maduro, whom Trump has accused of being complicit in drug trafficking. military operations in the region, and on Saturday the country's army swore in 5,600 new soldiers as the Caribbean nation faces growing pressure from the Trump administration, AFP reported .

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/07/trump-slams-pardoned-democrat-henry-cuellar.html
Article: Trump blasted Cuellar for "Such a lack of LOYALTY," suggesting the Republican president might have expected the clemency to bolster the GOP's narrow House majority heading into the 2026 midterm elections. Cuellar, in a television interview Sunday after Trump's social media post, said he was a conservative Democrat willing to work with the administration "to see where we can find common ground." The congressman said he had prayed for the president and the presidency at church that morning "because if the president succeeds, the country succeeds." Citing a fellow Texas politician, the late President Lyndon Johnson, Cuellar said he was an American, Texan and Democrat, in that order. "I think anybody that puts party before their country is doing a disservice to their country," he told Fox News Channel's "Sunday Morning Futures." Trump noted on his Truth Social platform that the Democratic President Joe Biden's administration had brought the charges against Cuellar and that the congressman, by running once more as a Democrat, was continuing to work with "the same RADICAL LEFT" that wanted him and his wife in prison — "And probably still do!" "Such a lack of LOYALTY, something that Texas Voters, and Henry's daughters, will not like. Trump is trying to defend Republicans' House majority and avoid a repeat of his first term, when Democrats dominated the House midterms and used a new majority to stymie the administration, launch investigations and twice impeach Trump. Yet Cuellar's South Texas district, which includes parts of metro San Antonio, was not one of the Democratic districts that Republicans changed substantially, and Cuellar believes he remains well-positioned to win reelection. Federal authorities had charged Cuellar and his wife with accepting thousands of dollars in exchange for the congressman advancing the interests of an Azerbaijan-controlled energy company and a bank in Mexico.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/sports/ncaa/ncaaf/texas-college-football-2025-valero-alamo-bowl/273-0868ab7a-fb33-479e-acce-2c0af3771551
Article: Riley, in his fourth year at USC, has reinforced himself as one of college football’s most successful coaches, with three College Football Playoff appearances, three Heisman Trophy winners, and a career winning percentage of 78%.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/football/articles/cly139x2d1yo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: It is nine years since Pep Guardiola arrived at Manchester City and brought with him a style of play that was to be followed - and copied - by coaches up and down the country, from the highest professional level to the amateur and youth game. As I talked about in a previous column about the value of defending properly, Pep's style of play did not just become 'the right way' to play, it also became 'the only way'. At the time, without question, City had the strongest squad of players, technically, in the Premier League, but it felt like many other managers and coaches put style over substance and, irrespective of their strengths, many teams were encouraged to play possession-based football. I always played to my own squad's strengths, and have never changed my views on that principle, but you still have to admire the complete revolution that Pep and City created. Even my old assistant, David Kemp, has been in his wardrobe to bring out his old bell-bottom jeans - for those of you reading who are too young to remember, they used to be in fashion in the 1970s.

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/12/07/nx-s1-5634741/un-official-says-war-torn-darfur-sudan-is-the-epicenter-of-suffering
Article: UN humanitarian chief: world needs to 'wake up' and help stop violence in Sudan toggle caption Marwan Ali/AP The UN's top humanitarian and emergency relief official has told NPR that why world leaders have not paid more attention to the civil war in Sudan is the "billion dollar question," and called for the United Nations Security Council to "wake up" and help stop the violence. Tom Fletcher, the Under-Secretary-General for Humanitarian Affairs, who recently spent a week in Sudan's Darfur region , has called the area the "epicenter of suffering in the world right now." Sponsor Message Speaking to host Ayesha Rascoe on Weekend Edition Sunday, Fletcher described his visit to Darfur. "You're meeting people who are starving, who've been displaced many times, victims of sexual violence, victims of horrible torture, brutality." Fletcher explained that his organisation's work in Sudan is currently only "32% funded", leading to difficult decisions for aid workers on the ground. "We're doing our best," Fletcher said of his organisation's work in Sudan, but added: "We're overwhelmed because we're dealing with hundreds of thousands of people escaping… and that's just from el-Fasher alone, let alone across the whole of Sudan, where the needs are enormous." In October, the city of el-Fasher was captured by the Rapid Support Forces (RSF) after an 18-month siege. Sponsor Message Fletcher called el-Fasher a "crime scene", and said his organisation were determined to get more aid teams into the area and also "try to push for accountability" over the bloodshed. We need the great powers of the world to basically say, let's stop arming this conflict." Fletcher blamed a host of factors for the lack of action on the war in Sudan, which has been raging since April 2023, when fighting first erupted between the Sudanese army and the paramilitary Rapid Support Forces in the capital Khartoum and quickly spread nationwide. Fletcher told NPR that this year alone, he'd visited Gaza twice and Darfur twice, as well as going to the front lines in Ukraine and Goma in the Democratic Republic of Congo — all within his first year in the job at the United Nations.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/magnitude-70-earthquake-hits-remote-wilderness-alaska-canada-128176824
Article: A powerful, magnitude-7.0 earthquake has struck in a remote area near the border between Alaska and the Canadian territory of Yukon on Saturday By The Associated Press Hubbard Glacier, located near Yakutat, Alaska, is seen on Aug. “There are a lot of people on social media, people felt it.” Alison Bird, a seismologist with Natural Resources Canada, said the part of Yukon most affected by the temblor is mountainous and has few people. “It doesn’t seem like we’ve seen anything in terms of structural damage.” The Canadian community nearest to the epicenter is Haines Junction, Bird said, about 80 miles (130 kilometers) away.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/wireStory/democrats-opening-win-miami-mayors-race-latest-test-128186824
Article: Democrats are hoping to win a race for Miami mayor after decades out of power Democrats see an opening to win the Miami mayor’s race in the latest test of the US political mood MIAMI -- It has been nearly three decades since a Democrat held the mayor’s office in Miami, a span of futility the party is hoping to reverse during a special runoff election this week in one of the last electoral showdowns before next year’s midterms. Nationally known Democrats, including former Transportation Secretary Pete Buttigieg, have offered support on behalf of Eileen Higgins, a Democrat who served on the county commission before winning a runoff spot last month. An upset for the Democrats on Tuesday would give the party an additional burst of momentum heading into a crucial election year when control of Congress will be at stake, especially in a region that has become increasingly friendly turf for Republicans and where Trump plans to build his presidential library. Higgins, who had represented a district that leans conservative and includes the Cuban enclave of Little Havana, proudly wears the label of “La Gringa,” a term Spanish speakers use for white Americans. A Spanish speaker herself, Higgins has focused her campaign relentlessly on local issues such as the cost of housing while capitalizing on national ones, including the treatment of immigrants under the Trump administration in a city with sizable Hispanic and foreign-born populations. Higgins, who would be the first non-Hispanic mayor of Miami in almost 30 years if elected, said she is confident she will receive support not only from Democrats, but also from unaffiliated voters and some Republicans because of her work as an elected official. She was asked during a recent forum sponsored by the Greater Miami Chamber of Commerce if she would try to turn the more ceremonial role of mayor into a full-time job and not take on other work, something that raised ethical concerns for the current mayor, term-limited Francis Suarez. It’s a full-time job.” While Latino voters nationally have traditionally leaned Democratic, Republicans in Florida have found strong backing among Cuban, Venezuelan and Nicaraguan immigrants, who resist socialist inclinations likened to the ones from the governments they fled. Both winning candidates had strong performances with nonwhite voters, and the Democratic winner in the New Jersey race received two-thirds of the Hispanic vote, according to the AP Voter Poll. Maria Elvira Salazar, a Republican whose district includes the city of Miami, called the elections elsewhere a “wake-up call.” Ileana Garcia, a Florida state senator who in 2016 founded the group Latinas for Trump, has said about immigration arrests that “what we are witnessing is inhumane.” Gonzalez, a former director of the U.S. "This is not an issue that has to do with the mayor of Miami.” Higgins has spoken about Miami’s signing on to a federal program that delegates immigration authority to local police, county sheriffs and state agencies and said she would find legal options to unwind that decision to rebuild trust between residents and law enforcement. Robin Peguero, a former prosecutor who is running for the chance to challenge Salazar for her congressional seat, said voters’ concerns center around affordability, an issue that has become a focal point of both parties after Democrats' wins in New Jersey and Virginia. “It’s a rejection of what is happening in this country.” ___ This story has been corrected to reflect that Higgins represented a district that includes Little Havana, but she does not live there.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/07/bessent-gdp-growth.html
Article: We've had 4% GDP growth in a couple of quarters," he said in an interview on CBS News' 'Face the Nation.' "We're going to finish the year, despite the Schumer shutdown, with 3% real GDP growth." Gross domestic product contracted by 0.6% year-over-year for the first three months of 2025, according to the Bureau of Economic Analysis.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/sports/2025/12/7/gritty-palestine-enter-arab-cup-quarters-as-favourites-qatar-crash-out?traffic_source=rss
Article: Asian champions Qatar have been knocked out of the FIFA Arab Cup 2025 after a shocking 3-0 loss to Tunisia, with Palestine advancing to the quarterfinals for the first time with a 0-0 draw against Syria. Home favourites Qatar needed a big win over Tunisia to have any chances of progressing from Group A, where Palestine and Syria were in the lead as the last round of the group fixtures was played on Sunday. A poor defensive display from the Asian Cup winners saw them concede the lead in the 16th minute on Sunday, when Mohamed Ali Ben Romdhane pounced on a goalkeeping error by Meshaal Barsham, allowing the Tunisian midfielder to poke the ball into the net from close range at Al Bayt Stadium in Al Khor. They were made to pay for not converting their shots into goals when Tunisia doubled their lead in the 62nd minute through a low and close-range header by Yassine Meriah following a corner. A few minutes later, Tunisia were reduced to 10 men when Seifeddine Jaziri was sent off for a foul with 25 minutes left until full time, but Qatar failed to capitalise on the advantage. Advertisement He went on to celebrate the goal and the win, but Tunisia’s joy was short-lived as the result from the other group game confirmed that both teams were knocked out. Widely contrasting scenes unfolded 48 kilometres (30 miles) away at the Education City Stadium in Al Rayyan, where Palestine and Syria played out a goalless draw to secure their respective qualification for the last-eight stage. The Fidai – as the Palestinian team is known – then put on a dogged display against Tunisia as they came back from 2-0 down to draw their second match. This left both table-topping teams needing a point from the final Group A match to secure their progress, and when the full-time whistle was blown by the referee signalling a goalless draw, both sets of players fell to the ground in an outpouring of the emotions they had held back for 90 minutes. The results and their impact on the tournament’s next round are shocking, not only because both Palestine and Syria are reeling from the effects of war, but also due to the gulf in the teams’ standings in world football.

Link: https://www.latimes.com/california/story/2025-12-07/police-shooting-anaheim
Article: It is unclear if police or members of the group shot first, and officials said it was unclear Saturday if the bullet that killed the man was from an officer’s firearm or from another person.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/how-to-watch-rams-vs-cardinals-live-stream-nfl-tv-channel-11170388
Article: How to Watch Rams vs Cardinals When: Sunday, December 7, 2025 Time: 4:25 PM ET TV Channel: FOX try for free ) Live Stream: Fubo ( The Rams come in at 9–3, aiming to bounce back after a narrow loss last week, and they have a stacked offensive attack to do it. Quarterback Matthew Stafford has been sharp all season, and with weapons like Puka Nacua and Davante Adams, plus a solid running game behind Kyren Williams, Los Angeles’ offense ranks among the NFL’s best.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/ncaa/notre-dam-ad-espn-college-football-playoff-11170584
Article: More News: Notre Dame’s CFP Snub for Alabama, Miami Explained by Committee Per Ross Dellenger of Yahoo Sports, Notre Dame athletic director Pete Bevacqua expressed frustration with ND being dropped from the final bracket. Bevacqua didn't keep his anger pointed at just the CFP selection committee, calling out ESPN for its partnership with the CFP committee using the weekly ranking updates as an entertainment exercise rather than giving substance as to what criteria the members are looking for from programs. Have one ranking show at the end, like Sunday." In recent weeks, the age-old debate about whether or not ND should join a conference has popped up, with the Irish being placed on the bubble. Regardless of the committee's decision to value the SEC championship above the Big Ten championship, Big 12 championship, and ACC championship on Sunday, Bevacqua confirmed Notre Dame has no plans to join a conference after being snubbed from the CFP after losing two games to playoff teams by a total of four points.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/how-to-watch-broncos-vs-raiders-live-stream-nfl-tv-channel-11170392
Article: How to Watch Broncos vs Raiders When: Sunday, December 7, 2025 Time: 4:05 PM ET TV Channel: CBS try for free ) Live Stream: Fubo ( The Broncos arrive at Allegiant Stadium riding high: they’re 10–2 this season and have won nine straight games, a streak fueled by a defense that ranks among the NFL’s best. Their defensive front has piled up sacks at an elite clip (on pace to challenge the all‑time team sack record), and their pass‑ and rush‑defense both rank top‑5 in the league this year. If the Raiders can improve their run game and keep the Broncos offense off the field, they might force a low‑scoring, gritty game, but a full comeback would require near‑perfect execution on both sides of the ball.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/ncaa/ohio-state-buckeyes-ryan-day-warning-college-football-playoff-11170561
Article: Read more: Ohio State HC Ryan Day Reveals One Regret From Loss to Indiana Following the disappointing loss, the Buckeyes are still one of the favorites to come back and win a national championship. Certainly the red zone was one of them, balance on offense, there's some things I know the guys on defense want to get addressed as well, and special teams." Read more: Penn State Had Interest in NFL Coach Before Matt Campbell Hire Looking at the future, Ohio State is still in a good position.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/bullet-riddled-marker-honoring-1918-lynching-victim-finds-museum-home-11170404
Article: A historical marker commemorating Mary Turner, a Black woman lynched by a white mob in 1918, will go on display Monday at the National Center for Civil and Human Rights in Atlanta. The Georgia Historical Society marker, which was repeatedly vandalized with bullet holes and damaged by an off-road vehicle at its original location in rural southern Georgia, now forms the centerpiece of a new exhibit that includes testimony from Turner's descendants spanning six generations. Mary Turner, eight months pregnant, was killed by an angry mob in Valdosta, Georgia, after publicly demanding justice for her husband Hayes Turner's lynching as well as at least 10 other Black people. It lives and continues to grow." Randy McClain, the Turners' great-grandnephew, told the AP: "The same injustice that took her life was the same injustice that kept vandalizing it, year after year." He added: "Here it feels like a very safe space. What Happens Next The exhibit opens Monday at the National Center for Civil and Human Rights, where the damaged marker's bullet holes are projected on a wall alongside recorded testimony from Turner's descendants.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/ncaa/rece-davis-praised-for-putting-cfp-chair-on-hot-seat-over-miami-notre-dame-11170527
Article: So when the final 12-team CFP field was revealed on Sunday during ESPN’s “College Football Playoff Selection Show,” committee chair Hunter Yurachek stated the Hurricanes were included while the Fighting Irish weren’t came down to multiple factors. Then, Yurachek said, they had to evaluate Notre Dame and Miami as if they were ranked evenly, which brought about their head-to-head matchup in the season opener — a game Miami won handily. More News: Nebraska Coach Firing Hints at Major Shift in Dylan Raiola’s Transfer Plans While Yurachek gave the politically correct answer he was expected to, ESPN “College GameDay” and “ College Football Playoff Selection Show ” host Rece Davis put Yurachek on the spot to explain why the head-to-head matchup didn’t factor into things until the final rankings. “I don’t have a problem with the outcome; I’m asking about the process — so you’re telling me that head-to-head never really came up until they were ranked side by side?” Davis asked. “That seems to be different from the process of ordering and ranking the teams that you guys go through.” After another half-hearted answer from Yurachek, Davis pressed further, making the CFP chair answer the tough question and take accountability. More News: Penn State Spends Big on High-Profile Matt Campbell Assistant “I still need a little further explanation on why this matters because it is accurate to say that at some point in this process prior to this weekend that, at least in the group of teams…that Miami and Notre Dame have been in the same group for evaluation. So why did they have to be ranked side by side for the head-to-head to carry between them?” Davis ultimately got Yurachek to admit the head-to-head matchup didn’t play into the committee’s decision until there was no team separating Miami and Notre Dame in the rankings.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cwyxex7671xo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Strictly semi-finalists confirmed after musicals week elimination 14 minutes ago Share Save Kathryn Armstrong Share Save BBC/PA The judges awarded one couple a perfect score on Saturday Spoiler warning: This article reveals details from Sunday's elimination Only four couples remain in BBC One's Strictly Come Dancing 2025 after another celebrity and their professional partner were eliminated from the competition. Former Emmerdale star Lewis Cope and his partner Katya Jones were in the bottom two pairs following their performance for musical week, alongside reality TV star Amber Davies and her dance partner Nikita Kuzmin. "If someone would have said that I'd have done 11 weeks on the show at the beginning, I'd have been over the moon." He also paid tribute to his dance partner, of whom he said: "You've literally given me absolutely everything I could wish for as a friend, as a teacher." Jones, in return, described Cope as a "gentleman", as well as "so humble and so kind".

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/football/articles/crk7z1pm8klo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: The pressure is completely off Arne Slot now, really it's an error from Mo Salah because realistically with that draw (at Leeds) and the difficulty they are having this season, just stay quiet because the pressure grows, game by game that you don't play.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/burst-cold-air-wanes-frigid-air-week/story?id=128170182
Article: As burst of cold air wanes, frigid air is on the way for next week In this screen grab from a video, a girl sleds down a hill in Richmond, Virginia, on Dec. Daniel Heuer/Reuters This system continues to move east and brings that next shot of cold air, but begins to break down and will bring little snow to the Northeast aside from some expected, normal lake-effect snow. Rocky Mountain snow The Rockies from Idaho and Montana down to Colorado and Utah will see some big snow continue through this weekend, with most places in higher elevations seeing more than a foot of snow and some spots getting more than 2 feet.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Business/wireStory/cinnabon-worker-fired-after-racist-outburst-directed-customers-128191641
Article: A Cinnabon worker in Wisconsin has been fired after a racist outburst directed at two customers went viral ASHWAUBENON, Wisconsin -- A Cinnabon worker in Wisconsin has been fired after a racist outburst directed at two customers went viral, the Georgia-based cinnamon roll chain said. “Their actions and statements are completely unacceptable and in no way reflect the values of Cinnabon, our franchisees, or the welcoming environment we expect for every guest and team member,” the company added in a follow-up statement to The Associated Press on Sunday. The video was posted on TikTok and showed a white, female employee cursing at and taunting at the customers from behind the counter as one of them recorded the encounter. The TikTok user who posted video said the incident happened while she and her husband were taking a break from shopping Friday at a mall in Ashwaubenon, a suburb of Green Bay. That effort appears on the same Christian crowdfunding platform where hundreds of thousands of dollars were raised for a Minnesota woman who admitted to using a racist slur against a Black child at a playground earlier this year.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/07/chinese-internet-tech-ramp-up-ai-spend-who-could-benefit.html
Article: Management said demand was outstripping supply, and indicated they might need to spend more than the 380 billion yuan ($53.74 billion) initially earmarked for AI buildout over the next three years. "We expect leading domestic Semiconductor Production Equipment (SPE) players and high-end semiconductor suppliers with significant technological moats to benefit as domestic supply and demand increase," the Goldman Sachs analysts said in a report Thursday. "We do worry about onshore GPU capacity as a constraint on [China] AI deployment in 2026 — issues like latency means using offshore compute (often utilised for training) is impractical for deployment at scale," Bernstein analysts said in a report Friday. "But with fab capacity increasing into 2027," the analysts said, "both our discussions with our Bernstein semis colleagues and those with execs at the companies point to this becoming a problem that's on its way to being resolved." Some Chinese companies are already making money from generative AI and plan to spend more on the business. Kuaishou said last month it expects full-year revenue for its video generation product Kling AI to reach $140 million, far exceeding the $16 million target set at the beginning of 2025. "We have recently started to [scale] up Kling AI's training computer power to keep Kling AI at the forefront of technology advancement," management said on an earnings call, according to a FactSet transcript.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/how-to-watch-bears-vs-packers-live-stream-nfl-tv-channel-11170391
Article: How to Watch Bears vs Packers When: Sunday, December 7, 2025 Time: 4:25 PM ET TV Channel: FOX try for free ) Live Stream: Fubo ( The Bears arrive in Green Bay at 9‑3, riding a five‑game win streak and holding the NFC’s best record. Offensively, their ground game, led by D'Andre Swift and Kyle Monangai, has excelled in cold‑weather matchups and should be a key weapon again, especially given the chilly forecast at Lambeau Field. Their offense, under Jordan Love, has been efficient this season, and with healthy weapons like Christian Watson back in the mix, Green Bay can strike quickly if Chicago’s defense slips.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/world/netanyahu-says-israel-and-hamas-will-soon-enter-second-phase-of-ceasefire
Article: TEL AVIV, Israel (AP) — Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said Sunday that Israel and Hamas are “very shortly expected to move into the second phase of the ceasefire,” after Hamas returns the remains of the last hostage held in Gaza. Netanyahu spoke during a news conference with visiting German Chancellor Friedrich Merz and stressed that the second phase, which addresses the disarming of Hamas and the withdrawal of Israeli troops from Gaza, could begin as soon as the end of the month. READ MORE: Qatari prime minister says Gaza ceasefire is at a critical moment as first phase winds down Hamas has yet to hand over the remains of Ran Gvili, a 24-year-old police officer who was killed in the Hamas-led Oct. The ceasefire’s second stage also includes the deployment of an international force to secure Gaza and forming a temporary Palestinian government to run day-to-day affairs under the supervision of an international board led by U.S. A senior Hamas official on Sunday told The Associated Press the group is ready to discuss “freezing or storing or laying down” its weapons as part of the ceasefire in a possible approach to one of the most difficult issues ahead. A group of families of hostages said in a statement that “we cannot advance to the next phase before Ran Gvili returns home.” Meanwhile, Israeli military Chief of Staff Lt. Eyal Zamir on Sunday called the so-called Yellow Line that divides the Israeli-controlled majority of Gaza from the rest of the territory a “new border.” “We have operational control over extensive parts of the Gaza Strip and we will remain on those defense lines,” Zamir said. “The Yellow Line is a new border line, serving as a forward defensive line for our communities and a line of operational activity.” Germany says support for Israel is unchanged Merz said Germany, one of Israel’s closest allies, is assisting with the implementation of the second phase by sending officers and diplomats to a U.S.-led civilian and military coordination center in southern Israel, and by sending humanitarian aid to Gaza. The chancellor also said Germany still believes that a two-state-solution is the best possible option but that “the German federal government remains of the opinion that recognition of a Palestinian state can only come at the end of such a process, not at the beginning.” The U.S.-drafted plan for Gaza leaves the door open to Palestinian independence. Netanyahu also said that while he would like to visit Germany, he hasn’t planned a diplomatic trip because he is concerned about an arrest warrant issued by the International Criminal Court, the U.N.’s top war crimes court, last year in connection with the war in Gaza. Gaza’s Health Ministry says Israeli forces have killed more than 370 Palestinians since the start of the ceasefire, and that the bodies of six people killed in attacks had been brought to local hospitals over the past 24 hours.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/ncaa/notre-dame-reject-bowl-game-11170673
Article: He felt the opportunity to compete for a national championship was "stolen" from the team and suggested that ESPN and the CFP committee led the Irish on in the final weeks of the season. Have one ranking show at the end, like Sunday." Not long after Bevacqua made those comments, Notre Dame released a statement that the program did not intend to play in the bowl game after being left out of the CFP. -The 2025 Notre Dame Football Team." ND's decision not to play in the bowl game is interesting, as a report surfaced on Saturday that the Irish were expected to play BYU in the Pop-Tarts Bowl if they did not make the CFP. While the CFP committee pushed for five SEC teams to make the CFP, the one non-conference team that was left out of the bracket is leaving a little carnage behind.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/over-160-earthquakes-strike-alaska-in-24-hours-following-magnitude-7-quake-11170497
Article: Alaska experienced a surge of seismic activity over the weekend as a powerful magnitude 7.0 earthquake triggered a sequence of 164 recorded tremors in less than 24 hours, according to data from the United States Geological Survey (USGS). Alaska is as one of the most seismically active regions in the country as it sits along the Pacific "Ring of Fire," a zone known for frequent and sometimes damaging earthquakes due to the ongoing collision between the Pacific Plate and the North American Plate. What People Are Saying Alaska state seismologist Michael West told KTUU-TV on Saturday: “Here we are 40 minutes after the earthquake, it appears to be generating a pretty vigorous aftershock sequence....Magnitude 7 is certainly enough to cause ground failures...though I have no observations yet, I wouldn’t be surprised if we heard about roadways or something that were impacted or landslides in the area or anything like that. But, again, we do not know that at this time, but magnitude 7 is the kind of earthquake where we would begin to expect those kinds of impacts.” Calista MacLeod, Royal Canadian Mounted Police Sergeant in Whitehorse, told Associated Press Saturday: “It definitely was felt.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nba/hornets-looking-to-trade-controversial-75-million-star-by-deadline-11170663
Article: Across 23 healthy contests in 2025-26, Bridges has been averaging 20.8 points on .421/.318/.862 shooting splits, 6.2 boards, 3.4 dimes, 0.6 swipes and 0.6 blocks per bout for the 7-16 Hornets. On the floor, he's an athletic, talented scorer, but has never been part of a playoff team and has been fitfully effective as a jump shooter from beyond the 3-point arc and defender. Miller is younger and may still have a higher ceiling than Bridges, while also being cost-controlled while still on his rookie-scale salary, so it makes sense that the Hornets would prioritize ditching Bridges over Miller.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nfl/saquon-barkley-calls-out-eagles-teammates-over-awful-sideline-energy-11170589
Article: And though the team is 8-4 and just one game out of the top seed in the NFC, which is currently held by the 9-3 Chicago Bears, some analysts have expressed concern about the Eagles’ ability to make a deep playoff run given the amount of tension that reportedly exists between some of the players. The rest will take care of itself.” More News: Bengals Suspend WR Hours Before Facing Bills While Barkley's admission likely isn't a surprise to many, what is noteworthy is the fact that he publicly shined a light on an issue among his teammates given the amount of time the team has spent denying there are any problems among any of its players.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/red-sox-reportedly-checked-in-on-trade-for-32-year-old-star-11170588
Article: USA Today's Bob Nightengale reported that the Red Sox have "checked in" on 32-year-old Arizona Diamondbacks second baseman Ketel Marte's availability and are one of the teams that could satisfy the Diamondbacks' pitching needs in a trade. The Red Sox, Rays and Tigers have all checked in, with each having the pitching depth to satisfy the D-backs’ needs." Boston's infield includes Trevor Story and Marcelo Mayer currently, but if the team is unable to come to terms with Bregman, Meyer could be moved over to third base to open up second base for a potential trade for Marte.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/signing-mets-five-time-all-star-would-fill-red-soxs-biggest-need-11170419
Article: The star left-handed hitter was dealt to the Giants for a multitude of reasons back on June 15, and Boston knows it is vital to replace his production to go deep into October. The Red Sox could use a first baseman with Triston Casas' injury history and regression last season, and Alonso would be a perfect fit who could add some right-handed power to the lineup.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/mlb/latest-blue-jays-bo-bichette-update-points-to-separation-11170344
Article: The Toronto Blue Jays have already made some major moves this offseason, but they are also seen as the favorites for Kyle Tucker, who reportedly visited the team's facility in Florida last week.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/giants-predicted-to-sign-30-million-veteran-pitcher-to-bolster-roster-11170378
Article: "The Giants are plenty familiar with Kelly by now, as he spent the first seven years of his MLB career in the NL West on the Diamondbacks," Treuden wrote Saturday. The Giants could easily have him be this offseason’s version of Justin Verlander." The Giants need to make a few big moves, but they'll need to complement these big moves with some affordable ones.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/nation-world/chipotle-beis-burrito-themed-travel-collection/507-069841d9-d7c1-49c8-93c0-eba25720182e
Article: The two companies have announced The To Go Collection, an 11-piece capsule designed to make hauling Chipotle “effortless and chic.” The line, co-created with actress, BÉIS founder and Chipotle superfan Shay Mitchell, includes insulated bags to keep food warm, pockets for napkins and extras and perfectly sized totes meant for airport runs and everyday errands. "Our goal was simple: create elevated silhouettes inspired by real Chipotle takeout habits that become an authentic part of superfans' rotation." The launch taps into Gen Z travel behaviors, with young travelers averaging three leisure trips a year and often sticking to familiar comfort foods while on the go. The To Go Collection includes: Chipotle Rollers (Carry-On and Large): $278–$378 Luggage Covers (Carry-On and Large): $58–$68 Take Out Tote Bag (fits a Chipotle bowl): $98 Burrito Holder Sling (insulated): $48 Chipotle Napkin Sling: $78 Burrito Duffle: $128 Burrito Pouch Set: $68 Guac Cup Bag Charm: $34 Burrito Luggage Tag: $28 Burrito On Board Charm: $18 Pepper Key Charm: $18

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/12/07/nx-s1-5633344/the-hepatitis-b-foundation-warns-new-guidance-could-undo-decades-of-progress
Article: Health The Hepatitis B Foundation warns new guidance could undo decades of progress The Hepatitis B Foundation warns new guidance could undo decades of progress Listen · 4:59 4:59 Dr.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/07/treasury-secretary-bessent-divested-soybean-farm.html
Article: Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent, a key figure in implementing President Donald Trump's economic agenda including tariffs, disclosed on Sunday that he has recently divested his interests in a soybean farm to comply with the ethics agreement he signed last January when he joined the administration. Office of Government Ethics informed the Senate Finance Committee in an August 11 letter that Bessent had failed to comply with certain terms of the agreement aimed at avoiding any potential conflict of interest. So I'm out of that business." The New York Times has reported that Bessent owned as much as $25 million of soybean and corn farmland in North Dakota, including thousands of acres that earned him as much as $1 million a year in rental income. In an August statement issued by the Treasury Department, Bessent said he had completed all but 4% of the asset divestitures required by his ethics agreement and intended to divest the remaining assets by the end of the year.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/ncaa/college-football-playoff-schedule-dates-times-for-every-first-round-matchup-11170739
Article: Though Notre Dame had a legit case to be included in the CFP, Miami’s head-to-head win in Week 1 proved to be the deciding factor in the selection committee’s decision. Below is the full schedule for all College Football Playoff first-round matchups as well as dates and times for the quarterfinal and semifinal rounds, as well as the national championship game.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/democrats-post-strong-early-voting-turnout-in-miami-mayoral-runoff-11170590
Article: Miami hasn’t elected a Democrat as mayor in nearly three decades, but early voting and mail-ballot returns in next week’s runoff show Democrats turning out in significant numbers as they try to break the city’s long Republican streak. Why It Matters While not Florida’s largest city, Miami is considered the cultural and economic center of South Florida, drawing global crowds this week for Art Basel Miami Beach, alongside a major base of international business, diplomacy, tourism and pro sports events, such as FIFA World Cup matches and the G20 summit next year. He has carried the state in all three of his presidential runs, won Miami-Dade County in 2024, but lost the city narrowly, and often frequents his Mar-a-Lago resort in Palm Beach. Democrats, who performed poorly last November, have been gaining ground in several gubernatorial, mayoral, and special elections, including closing in on a Tennessee race in a district Trump previously won by 22 points. Early voting and vote-by-mail data show more than 8,700 registered Democrats had cast ballots as of Sunday afternoon, compared with nearly 7,200 Republicans and about 5,000 voters with no party affiliation, for a total of about 21,000 votes cast. What People Are Saying Eileen Higgins told the Associated Press: “I have been a Democrat serving in a primarily Republican district, and all I have done is work for the people.” Evan Power, chair of the Republican Party of Florida, told Politico earlier this month: “It’s a tough district…My expectation is, it probably doesn’t perform for Republicans, but we have to do what we have to do, fight in every place.” Democratic National Committee Chair Ken Martin told Politico: “The energy is on Democrats’ side and the DNC is all-in support Eileen Higgins from now until Election Day.” Christian Ulvert, Higgins’ campaign manager, told the Associated Press: "What you’re seeing is great Democratic enthusiasm and turnout that matches that enthusiasm." President Donald Trump said in a November 16 Truth Social post: "It is my Great Honor to endorse Emilio T. A very successful Businessman, Civic Leader, former CEO of Miami International Airport, and former City Manager and Chief Administrative Officer of the City of Miami, Emilio has dedicated his life to serving his Community. As Miami’s next Mayor, he will fight tirelessly to Grow the Economy, Cut Taxes and Regulations, Advance MADE IN THE U.S.A., Unleash American Energy DOMINANCE, Keep our now very Secure Border, SECURE, Stop Migrant Crime, and Defend our always under siege Second Amendment." Florida Governor Ron DeSantis said in a September endorsement of González: "With 26 years of military service and experience at both federal and local levels, Emilio has shown his commitment to our nation and Miami.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/nation-world/wegmans-mixed-nuts-recalled-salmonella/507-5906381d-4a42-4500-82af-5d577e1115de
Article: Wegmans Deluxe Mixed Nuts Unsalted 34 oz (964 grams) Packaged in a plastic tub UPC 077890421314 Lot code: 58041 BEST BY: JUL 28, 2026 (can be found on the side of the tub above the nutrition label) Wegmans Deluxe Mixed Nuts Unsalted 11.5 oz (326 grams) Packaged in a plastic bag UPC 077890421352 Lot code: 58171 BEST BY: AUG 10, 2026 (can be found on the back of the bag below the nutrition label) No injuries or illnesses have been reported.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/formula1/articles/c3v136dv03po?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: "Thirty-four points against a guy who had the same car, who was doing an incredible job, who I know is incredibly great, it didn't fill me with confidence and (make me) think I have nothing to lose now. I had to involve people to that group, I had to work harder, I was on a simulator, I had to change my approaches, I had to change my style of driving, I had to dig deep, to unlock more of my ideas. "I'm trying to understand more things quicker, in a more advanced way than I ever have before." Team principal Andrea Stella said: "The level of Formula 1 drivers nowadays is so high, to compete at this level, the only way to stay in the quest is to keep evolving continuously. I think Lando elevated his sense of, almost his status, like, 'I can compete with Max.' "This season there was another important turning point, which is the way Lando, and we talk specifically about him for a moment, responded to the difficulties we had at the start of the season. "It makes me particularly glad that Lando could capitalise on this, because this has been something that not necessarily I've seen many times before, in terms of the amount of work, the people involved, and the rate of development." For Stella's boss, McLaren Racing chief executive officer Zak Brown, this was a personal achievement as well as a professional one.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cvgkpzpy1zno?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Government promises 50,000 new apprenticeships in youth employment push 9 minutes ago Share Save Kathryn Armstrong Share Save Getty Images The government says some 50,000 young people are expected to benefit from a programme to expand apprenticeships as it looks to tackle youth unemployment. Apprenticeships for people under the age of 25 at small and medium-sized businesses will be fully funded as part of the package, removing the 5% that they currently have to pay. The funding also includes £140m for a pilot that the Department for Work and Pensions says will allow local mayors to connect young people with employers and apprenticeship opportunities, although it is unclear exactly how the money will be used. A programme of short courses in areas including AI, engineering and digital skills will also be offered from Spring next year, which the government says will be done in collaboration with the defence sector. "That narrow view has held back opportunity and created barriers we need to break." The government has expressed concern at the growing number of people being classified as Neets, which refers to 16 to 24-year-olds not in employment, education or training. Speaking to the BBC's Sunday with Laura Kuenssberg, Work and Pensions Secretary Pat McFadden said young people had "not had a good enough deal" in areas such as housing and employment.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cwyw5vwrp9jo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Nice guy!" Hours after he was pardoned, Cuellar filed for re-election as a Democrat, dashing Republicans' hope that he might switch parties and pad their narrow majority in the House of Representatives. In issuing his pardon on Wednesday, Trump said the Texas representative - who was charged last year with bribery and money laundering - had been politically targeted by the Biden administration after he "bravely spoke out against Open Borders". The Justice Department, under the Biden administration, charged that Cuellar and his wife had accepted $600,000 (£450,600) from Azerbaijan's state-owned oil company and an unnamed Mexican bank in exchange for advancing their interests in Congress. The couple, who have maintained their innocence, were charged with 14 counts in 2024, including conspiracy, bribery, wire fraud, money laundering and violating a ban on acting as agents of a foreign organisation. In his Sunday social media post, Trump accused "radical left" Democrats of "mercilessly" going after Cuellar - who is a moderate Democrat - in an "evil quest" to "destroy" him and his family "all because Henry strongly wanted, correctly, BORDER SECURITY!" Trump said in the lengthy post that he had never spoken to the congressman or his family but "felt very good about fighting" for his family because they were "treated sooo BADLY!" Trump added that despite his pardon, Cuellar decided to run again as a Democrat, "continuing to work with the same Radical Left Scum that just weeks before wanted him and his wife to spend the rest of their lives in Prison - And probably still do!" And that "lack of loyalty", Trump wrote, would not sit well with Texas voters or with Cuellar's daughters, who had written a letter to the president urging him to pardon their parents. Still, Cuellar doubled down on his intentions to remain in the Democratic party, telling Fox News on Sunday: "I'm an American, I'm a Texan and I'm a Democrat - in that order." When asked to respond to Trump's social media post, Cuellar said: "I am a conservative Democrat, but I will work with the president." Cuellar added that Trump was on his mind while he attended church on Sunday morning. "I prayed for his family, and I prayed for the presidency because if the president succeeds, the country succeeds." Trump's attack on Cuellar is the latest example of the president expecting loyalty from those he helps.

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/12/07/nx-s1-5636130/satellite-reflected-light-telescope-images-hubble-starlink
Article: Light from satellites will ruin majority of some space telescope images, study says toggle caption NASA via/Getty Images Reflections cast by a growing number of satellites orbiting the Earth could ruin more than 95% of images taken by some space telescopes in the next decade, according to a NASA-led study. Between 2018 and 2021, when there were fewer satellites in orbit, about 4% of Hubble Space Telescope images had light streaks from satellites, according to a different study published in Nature Astronomy in 2023. "In the case of SPHEREx telescope, ARRAKIHS, Xuntian, we will expect like 96% of the images will be contaminated somehow." The study by Borlaff and others shows that the increase of satellites could impact images taken by telescopes on the ground as well. The American Astronomical Society (AAS) has warned that an increase in satellites in Earth's lower orbit could cause collisions with space telescopes and create glares and light streaks in telescopic images. "We will continue to facilitate collaborative work with federal agencies and the satellite industry to fully understand and minimize the impacts of large satellite constellations on astronomy," AAS Deputy Director of Public Policy Roohi Dalal told NPR in a statement on Sunday. agency said it "poses significant risks to space sustainability, including collisions and debris generation, threatening the long-term viability of orbital resources." It has called for stricter international rules surrounding the number of satellites in space and better management of satellite networks.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/politics/trump-calls-democratic-rep-cuellar-disloyal-for-not-switching-parties-after-pardon
Article: “I think anybody that puts party before their country is doing a disservice to their country,” he told Fox News Channel’s “Sunday Morning Futures.” Cuellar, in a television interview Sunday after Trump’s social media post, said he was a conservative Democrat willing to work with the administration “to see where we can find common ground.” The congressman said he had prayed for the president and the presidency at church that morning “because if the president succeeds, the country succeeds.” Trump blasted Cuellar for “Such a lack of LOYALTY,” suggesting the Republican president might have expected the clemency to bolster the GOP’s narrow House majority heading into the 2026 midterm elections. Trump noted on his Truth Social platform that the Democratic President Joe Biden’s administration had brought the charges against Cuellar and that the congressman, by running once more as a Democrat, was continuing to work with “the same RADICAL LEFT” that wanted him and his wife in prison — “And probably still do!” “Such a lack of LOYALTY, something that Texas Voters, and Henry’s daughters, will not like. Trump is trying to defend Republicans’ House majority and avoid a repeat of his first term, when Democrats dominated the House midterms and used a new majority to stymie the administration, launch investigations and twice impeach Trump. Yet Cuellar’s South Texas district, which includes parts of metro San Antonio, was not one of the Democratic districts that Republicans changed substantially, and Cuellar believes he remains well-positioned to win reelection. Federal authorities had charged Cuellar and his wife with accepting thousands of dollars in exchange for the congressman advancing the interests of an Azerbaijan-controlled energy company and a bank in Mexico. In the Fox interview,, Cuellar insisted that federal authorities tried to entrap him with “a sting operation to try to bribe me, and that failed.” Cuellar still faces a House Ethics Committee investigation.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/video/inside-story/2025/12/7/syria-one-year-after-al-assad?traffic_source=rss
Article: But the optimism of that day has now given way to the realities of transition – sectarian tensions, grinding poverty and demands for justice over atrocities carried out by the Assad regime.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/7/hamas-and-israel-move-towards-phase-two-of-us-backed-gaza-plan?traffic_source=rss
Article: As Israel and Hamas prepare to move towards phase two of a United States-led blueprint to end Israel’s genocidal war on Gaza, disagreements loom over the as-yet undefined role of an international stabilisation force in the besieged Palestinian enclave. “We are welcoming a [United Nations] force to be near the borders, supervising the ceasefire agreement, reporting about violations, preventing any kind of escalations,” he said, adding that Hamas would not accept the force having “any kind of mandates” on Palestinian territory. His comments came after Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said earlier in the day that he would meet with Donald Trump to discuss entering a new phase of the US president’s plan at the end of the month. The focus of the meeting, he said, would be on ending Hamas governance in Gaza and ensuring it fulfilled its “commitment” to the plan, which calls for demilitarisation of the enclave. “We have a second phase, no less daunting, and that is to achieve the disarmament of Hamas and the demilitarisation of Gaza,” Netanyahu said during a news conference with visiting German Chancellor Friedrich Merz. The Hamas official said the group retained its “right to resist”, adding that laying down arms could happen as part of a process leading to a Palestinian state, with a potential long-term truce lasting five to 10 years. Vague plan Trump’s 20-point plan offers a general way forward on such plans as the establishment of the stabilisation force and the formation of a technocratic Palestinian government operating under an international “board of peace”, but does not offer concrete details or timelines. US officials have said they expect “boots on the ground” early next year, but while countries like Indonesia have agreed to contribute troops, there is no roadmap for setting up the force, and its exact makeup, command structure and responsibilities have not been defined. The Israeli prime minister said that phase two of the plan, which will be set in motion once Hamas returns the last Israeli captive, a policeman killed in the October 7 attack on southern Israel, would be “more difficult”. Israeli army says yellow line ‘new border’ The plan’s initial steps saw Israeli forces withdraw to positions behind a so-called yellow line in Gaza, though the Israeli military remains in control of 53 percent of the territory. “The yellow line is a new border line, serving as a forward defensive line for our communities and a line of operational activity.” Qatari Prime Minister Sheikh Mohammed bin Abdulrahman bin Jassim Al Thani warned at the Doha Forum on Saturday that the truce was at a “critical moment” and could unravel without rapid movement towards a permanent deal. He said a true ceasefire “cannot be completed unless there is a full withdrawal” of Israeli forces, alongside restored stability and freedom of movement for Palestinians, which has so far not transpired under phase one of the plan. Advertisement Amid growing momentum for a move to phase two of the peace plan, Israeli and Qatari officials met with US counterparts in an effort to rebuild relations after Israel’s air strike on Doha in September, Axios reported, citing unnamed sources.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/sports/college-football/notre-dame-college-football-playoff-rcna247886
Article: Hours after being left out of the 12-team playoff, the Fighting Irish announced that “as a team, we’ve decided to withdraw our name from consideration for a bowl game following the 2025 season,” the football team posted on X. “We appreciate all the support from our families and fans, and we’re hoping to bring the 12th national title to South Bend in 2026.” The Fighting Irish played in last season's national championship game but were on the playoff bubble this fall after a 10-2 record, including an opening-week loss at Miami. Notre Dame was ranked in the top 10 of every ranking by the playoff selection committee until Sunday's final rankings, when it fell to 11th and was the first team left out. The committee’s chairman, Hunter Yurachek, had said Miami’s head-to-head win wasn’t a significant factor — until Sunday, when BYU’s drop in the rankings after its loss in the Big 12 championship moved Miami up, creating a head-to-head comparison between the schools. Notre Dame joined Iowa State and Kansas State in declining bowl bids despite being eligible, although the circumstances were far different; the Cyclones and the Wildcats are each going through coaching transitions.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/sports/nfl/baltimore-ravens-nfl-controversial-call-steelers-rcna247895
Article: With less than three minutes to go in the fourth quarter, the Ravens were driving when quarterback Lamar Jackson appeared to find tight end Isaiah Likely for a 13-yard touchdown in the middle of the end zone. The Ravens, on the other hand, fell from fourth all the way to 10th place, and are two games behind the Indianapolis Colts for the final playoff spot in the conference.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nfl/colts-coach-offers-bleak-injury-update-on-daniel-jones-after-jaguars-game-11170762
Article: Sunday's win helped Jacksonville claim the AFC South lead with a 9-4 record, while dropping the Colts to 8-5 and into dangerous territory as other teams are fighting for playoff spots.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nfl/aaron-rodgers-sends-bold-message-amid-mike-tomlin-steelers-drama-11170800
Article: More news: Commanders’ Jayden Daniels Exits Game After Suffering Repeat Injury A divisional rival win is always good, but even better if that win places a team closer to a playoff berth.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nfl/shedeur-sanders-makes-cleveland-browns-history-in-loss-to-titans-11169947
Article: The Cleveland Browns came into Sunday chasing a bounce-back performance, only to fall 31-29 to the Tennessee Titans on the back of a 161-yard rushing day from running back Tony Pollard. Sanders completed 23-of-42 passes for a season-high 364 yards, three touchdown passes, and a 7-yard rushing score, including engineering a two-touchdown fourth-quarter rally that fell short after two failed two-point attempts. Read More: Encouraging Mike Evans Update Emerges Before Bucs-Saints Statistically, it was Sanders’ best passing output of the season and produced multiple explosive plays, including a 60-yard Jerry Jeudy touchdown. For Cleveland, the numbers matter because Sanders arrived in the rotation through circumstance (Dillon Gabriel’s concussion) and has since been given a brief run to be evaluated as the team’s next lead passer. Read More: Bears-Eagles Black Friday Game Delivers Historic Viewership for NFL There has been rising public and media pressure, from local fans to national pundits, urging the Browns to settle on a direction at quarterback rather than continue a rotating door of options. Sanders’ Titans outing expands the evidence that he can create big plays and lead late comebacks, but the Browns’ overall record means the team will treat this as part of a wider evaluation rather than definitive proof of a long-term solution.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nfl/nfl-reacts-to-postgame-handshake-between-josh-allen-joe-burrow-11170735
Article: More news: Steelers QB Aaron Rodgers Gets Blunt Warning From Randy Moss More news: NFL Punishes Giants TE for Defending Jaxson Dart After Brutal Hit vs Patriots "Josh vs Joe, rivalry energy stays unmatched," a fan said.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/ceq17gne2j3o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: I'm A Celebrity 2025 winner crowned in series final 29 minutes ago Share Save Kathryn Armstrong Share Save ITV Twelve celebrities entered the Australian jungle three weeks ago Spoiler warning: This article reveals details about the final of I'm A Celebrity... The 12 celebrities completing bushtucker trials and competing on the show also included Jack Osbourne, son of Ozzy; Emmerdale actress Lisa Riley; Spandau Ballet's Martin Kemp; and comedian Ruby Wax.

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/12/07/nx-s1-5634749/as-congress-fights-over-aca-subsidies-economist-argues-for-expanding-care
Article: As Congress fights over ACA subsidies, another path emerges Craig Garthwaite, Director of the Program on Healthcare at Northwestern University and co-author of a new paper from the Aspen Economic Strategy Group, talks about reforms that could make healthcare cheaper and more efficient. Health Care As Congress fights over ACA subsidies, another path emerges As Congress fights over ACA subsidies, economist argues for expanding care Listen · 6:41 6:41 Craig Garthwaite, Director of the Program on Healthcare at Northwestern University and co-author of a new paper from the Aspen Economic Strategy Group, talks about reforms that could make healthcare cheaper and more efficient.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/show/news-wrap-u-s-boat-strike-backlash-continues-as-lawmakers-weigh-in
Article: strike on an alleged drug boat in the Caribbean after Hegseth defended the action, Russia bombarded Ukraine with overnight attacks as negotiators seek to the end the war, and a massive fire at a popular nightclub in India killed at least 25 people.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/zohran-mamdani-tells-immigrant-new-yorkers-comply-ice-128194280
Article: Mamdani tells immigrant New Yorkers about their right not to comply with ICE FILE - New York City mayor-elect Zohran Mamdani speaks during a news conference, in the Queens borough of New York, Wednesday, Nov. (AP Photo/Heather Khalifa, File) NEW YORK -- New York City Mayor-elect Zohran Mamdani posted a video to social media on Sunday explaining immigrants' right to refuse to speak to or comply with agents from U.S. In the video, Mamdani vowed to protect the city's 3 million immigrants, saying, “We can all stand up to ICE if you know your rights.” He explained that people in the U.S. If you’re being detained, you may always ask, ‘Am I free to go?’ repeatedly until they answer you,” said Mamdani, who will be sworn in as mayor on Jan 1.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/07/i-help-americans-move-abroad-easiest-countries-to-move-to-in-europe.html
Article: As the founder of She Hit Refresh — where I've helped hundreds of other women move abroad — I often think about how much easier it is to relocate these days, thanks especially to the rise of digital nomad visas. "We booked a trip to Spain so we could apply from within the country," says Gonzalez, who tells me her experience was smooth, particularly with the help of an immigration attorney. Greece Greece is not only a popular vacation spot, but also an appealing destination for remote workers seeking sunshine on the Mediterranean coast, a slower pace, and lower cost of living. "The process took time, but it was worth it for the flexibility." While you can apply on your own, O'Donnell says she hired a lawyer, which "made the process much less stressful." 3. "It was definitely a stressful time, but within two months I had my residency card and my business registered." She tells me she moved for a better quality of life for her children, and to escape the stress of active shooter drills and future student debt for them.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/07/these-big-401k-changes-are-coming-in-2026-what-it-means-for-you.html
Article: By the end of 2025, more than 144 million Americans will participate in so-called "defined benefit plans" through an employer, such as 401(k) plans, according to the Defined Contribution Institutional Investment Association. "These increases matter because they help retirement savers keep pace with rising incomes and inflation while reducing taxable income in high-earning years," said CFP André Small, founder of advisory firm A Small Investment in Humble, Texas. In 2024, only 14% of 401(k) participants maxed out their plans, according to Vanguard's 2025 How America Saves report, based on more than 1,400 qualified plans and nearly 5 million participants.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/sports/2025/12/7/real-madrid-implode-as-celta-vigo-earn-shock-2-0-win-at-the-bernabeu?traffic_source=rss
Article: Real Madrid suffered a shock 2-0 loss and finished with nine men against Celta Vigo in their La Liga clash after Williot Swedberg scored an audacious goal with his heel and a second in stoppage time to leave the hosts four points off leaders Barcelona. Swedish substitute Swedberg cleverly diverted a cross from Bryan Zaragoza past Thibaut Courtois in the 53rd minute to put Celta ahead, and had an easy finish three minutes into added time, going around the goalkeeper to wrap up the points on Sunday. Alonso chose to rest centre-back Antonio Rudiger, starting with Alvaro Carreras in the heart of defence, but Rudiger’s break did not last long, with the German defender coming on midway through the first half after Eder Militao pulled up injured. Adding insult to injury, Fran Garcia earned two yellow cards inside a minute, the second for a clumsy foul on Swedberg, to leave Los Blancos with 10 men for the final third of the match. Mbappe sent a lob over Radu but down onto the roof of the net, and substitute Gonzalo Garcia headed just wide as Madrid searched for an equaliser, which did not come.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/southwest-airlines-avoids-11m-fine-for-2022-holiday-travel-meltdown-11170736
Article: A Southwest spokesperson told Newsweek on Sunday the airline is "grateful to Secretary Duffy and the DOT Team for recognizing Southwest's significant investments in modernizing our operations." Why It Matters The original $140 million settlement represented the largest penalty ever imposed on an airline for consumer protection violations, stemming from one of the most severe operational failures in U.S. The December 2022 meltdown stranded more than 2 million travelers during the holiday season caused by winter storm Elliott, with some passengers trapped in airports for days while Southwest's overwhelmed customer service system left many unable to reach the airline for rebooking assistance. The collapse prompted then-Transportation Secretary Pete Buttigieg to launch a federal investigation, determining the crisis had "clearly crossed the line from what is an uncontrollable weather situation to something that is the airline's direct responsibility." What To Know The penalty stemmed from Southwest's operational collapse during a winter storm in December 2022, which paralyzed operations in Denver and Chicago. What People Are Saying Department of Transportation's statement following the announcement: "DOT believes that this approach is in the public interest as it incentivizes airlines to invest in improving their operations and resiliency, which benefits consumers directly. This credit structure allows for the benefits of the airline's investment to be realized by the public, rather than resulting in a government monetary penalty." Southwest Airlines spokesperson told Newsweek on Sunday: "Southwest Airlines is grateful to Secretary Duffy and the DOT Team for recognizing Southwest’s significant investments in modernizing our operations. During the last two years, Southwest successfully completed an operational turnaround that directly benefits our Customers with industry leading on-time performance and percentage of completed flights without cancellations." What Happens Next?

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/betting/chiefs-vs-texans-betting-promos-best-missouri-sportsbook-offers-for-snf-11169730
Article: Fanatics Sportsbook Promo Code: Activate $250 FanCash Reward Sign up with the Fanatics Sportsbook promo code and bet $50 on tonight's game to get $250 in FanCash credited to your account. FanDuel Promo Code: Bet $5, Get $150 Bonus The FanDuel promo code offer gives $150 in bonus bets, but the caveat is that you have to win your initial $5 bet. ESPN BET (Now theScore Bet) Promo Code NEWSWEEK: Activate $100 Bonus Although ESPN BET has rebranded to theScore Bet, new users can still get $100 in bonuses from the sign-up offer. Sleeper Promo Code NEWSWEEKXL: Unlock $120 Bonus Get $20 in bonuses instantly with Sleeper, and then get up to $100 in bonuses with the deposit match component of this welcome offer. Chalkboard Promo Code NEWSWEEK: Instant $20 Bonus Immediately receive $20 in bonuses when you sign up with the latest Chalkboard welcome offer and use your funds to make picks for tonight's game.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/how-to-watch-warriors-vs-bulls-live-stream-nba-tv-channel-11169496
Article: The Golden State Warriors (12-12) play the back end of a road back-to-back on Sunday night when they visit the reeling Chicago Bulls (9-13), who have lost six straight games, at the United Center. How to Watch Golden State Warriors vs Chicago Bulls When: Sunday, December 7, 2025 Time: 7:00 PM ET TV Channel: Chicago Sports Network try for free ) Live Stream: Fubo ( Pat Spencer hit a pair of game-sealing free throws, finishing his first NBA start with 19 points and seven assists to lead the Warriors to a 99-94 road win over the Cleveland Cavaliers on Saturday night. The Bulls didn’t have Ayo Dosunmu (thumb), Kevin Huerter (hamstring), Tre Jones (ankle), Isaac Okoro (back), or Jalen Smith (knee) on Friday, with Coby White leading the offense with 22 points while Matas Buzelis finished with 19 points and 12 rebounds. Amidst all the Warriors’ injuries, Jonathan Kuminga averages 12.4 points and 6.3 rebounds, Brandon Podziemski gets 12.2 points per game, and Spencer dishes out 3.1 assists while scoring 7.1 points a night. White has averaged 23.8 points per game in six games since returning from an injury for Chicago, with Josh Giddey putting up 20.4 points, 9.9 rebounds, and 9.1 assists per game. They carry all of the channels you will need to never miss your favorite team's games, including nationally broadcast channels like ESPN, ABC, and NBA TV, as well as local team coverage.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/politics/federal-judge-sets-back-justice-departments-effort-to-seek-new-indictment-against-comey
Article: District Judge Colleen Kollar-Kotelly does not preclude the department from trying again soon to indict Comey, but it does suggest prosecutors may have to do so without citing communications between Comey and a close friend, Columbia University law professor Daniel Richman. WASHINGTON (AP) — A federal judge has dealt a setback to Justice Department efforts to seek a new indictment against former FBI Director James Comey, temporarily barring prosecutors from using evidence they had relied on when they initially secured criminal charges. After the case was thrown out, lawyers for Richman sought a court order to bar prosecutors from continued access to his computer files, which the Justice Department obtained through search warrants in 2019 and 2020 as part of a media leak investigation that was later closed without charges. But Richman and his lawyers say prosecutors exceeded the scope of the warrants, illegally held onto communications they should have destroyed or returned, and conducted new, warrantless searches of the data. Kollar-Kotelly on Saturday night granted Richman’s request for a temporary restraining order, instructing the department “not to access the covered materials once they are identified, segregated, and secured, or to share, disseminate, or disclose the covered materials to any person, without first seeking and obtaining leave of this Court.” She gave the Justice Department until Monday afternoon to certify that it is in compliance with the order. She said her order would remain in effect through this coming Friday, “or until dissolved by further order of this Court, whichever comes first.” “Petitioner Richman has also shown that, absent an injunction, he will be irreparably harmed by the ongoing violation of his Fourth Amendment right against unreasonable seizures arising from the Government’s continuing retention of the image of his computer and related materials,” she wrote in granting Richman’s request. A separate attempt by the Justice Department to a file a new indictment against New York Letitia James, another perceived Trump adversary who was also charged by Halligan, failed last week when a grand jury refused to sign off on charges.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/07/stock-market-today-live-updates.html
Article: Traders have grown increasingly hopeful over recent weeks that the Fed will lower interest rates at the Federal Open Market Committee meeting, which is the final one of the year. But, "investors are perhaps more interested in dynamics surrounding voting-member outlooks and future Fed leadership." There is no economic data of note due Monday, but the New York Fed is releasing its survey of consumer expectations in the morning.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/07/here-are-the-2-big-things-were-watching-in-the-stock-market-in-the-week-ahead.html
Article: We know his tenure as Fed chief is winding down, ending in May, and President Donald Trump has made no secret that he thinks Powell should be cutting rates more aggressively. Whoever takes over for Powell will find themselves in a quandary as they look to find the sweet spot on rates with both sides of the Fed's dual mandate at odds. Starting with Broadcom, we're certainly interested to hear about the dynamics surrounding custom AI chip demand, following the release of Google's Gemini 3, which is being hailed as the leading large language model. As of Friday, according to LSEG, the Street is looking to Broadcom's fiscal 2025 fourth quarter earnings-per-share (EPS) to increase 31% year-over-year to $1.86 on a 17.5% gain in revenue to $17.49 billion. As for Costco, our focus will be on the commentary from management as it relates to tariffs – which the company is suing the Trump administration over – foot traffic, and what they are seeing in terms of customers' basket size and mix. As of Friday, according to LSEG, the Street is looking to Costco's fiscal 2026 first quarter EPS to increase 5.8% year-over-year to $4.28 on an 8% gain in revenue to $67.17 billion. See here for a full list of the stocks.) As a subscriber to the CNBC Investing Club with Jim Cramer, you will receive a trade alert before Jim makes a trade.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/news/us-news/weekend-rundown-december-7-rcna247704
Article: During the Reagan National Defense forum Saturday, Hegseth defended the action, saying he had left the room after the first strike and before the order for the second strike was given but that he would have made the same decision. “Any boat loaded with drugs that is crewed by associates and members of foreign terrorist organizations that are trying to kill American kids, I think, is a valid target,” the chairman of the Senate Intelligence Committee said. Adam Schiff, D-Calif., urged the administration to release the video, saying, “If the Pentagon and our defense secretary is so proud of what they’re doing, let the American people see that video.” 'People aren't dumb': Republicans worry they're not doing enough on affordability Congressional Republicans are starting to publicly and privately sound the alarm about their party’s disjointed strategy to address Americans’ affordability concerns, with some growing increasingly frustrated with President Donald Trump’s sometimes cavalier attitude toward the subject. While Republicans say the high cost of living is a problem they inherited from President Joe Biden, many GOP lawmakers still think their party needs to sharpen its own message and platform ahead of the midterms — or else it could cost them their tenuous majorities in Congress. James Clyburn, D-S.C., criticized the nationwide redistricting fight in an interview with NBC News’ “Meet the Press,” arguing that the country is going through “a repeat of a history that led to some catastrophic consequences in our previous history.” Clyburn pointed to the emergence of Jim Crow after Reconstruction, saying those racist laws and Supreme Court decisions like Plessy v. Ferguson “made a mockery of democracy.” Politics in brief Unease in the Big Easy: New Orleans’ sanctuary city policies are being tested in a state that supports federal immigration enforcement. Last (Florida) man standing: The Sunshine State could be the last GOP stronghold the White House can count on as part of the rare mid-decade redistricting cycle it has pushed ahead of the midterm elections. Missing campers and pleas for helicopters: 911 calls from the Camp Mystic flood in Texas A sheriff's deputy pauses while combing through the banks of the Guadalupe River near Camp Mystic in Hunt, Texas, on July 5. Julio Cortez / AP As catastrophic flooding inundated parts of Texas Hill Country on July 4, dispatchers received multiple frantic 911 calls from Camp Mystic, a Christian sleepaway camp for girls. These are some of nearly 600 calls released this week by the Kerrville Police Department from the catastrophic flash flooding that killed more than 130 people, including 28 at Camp Mystic. Lando Norris wins Formula 1 title in the final race of 2025 McLaren racer Lando Norris of Great Britain celebrates Sunday after winning the Formula 1 championship in Abu Dhabi. Clive Mason / Getty Images Lando Norris captured his first ever Formula 1 world championship in the final race of 2025, completing a comeback in a captivating and unpredictable season. The 26-year-old McLaren racer finished ahead of rivals Max Verstappen of Red Bull and Oscar Piastri of McLaren in the standings after all three entered the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix with a chance of becoming the world champion. He kept his composure despite an early threat from the Ferrari of Charles Leclerc and a few close calls in wheel-to-wheel racing after pitting for fresh tires and coming out in traffic. Lacie Carroll-Marsh, a small-business owner who had to lay off 17 of her 31 employees this year High inflation, wavering consumer spending, tariffs and broader economic uncertainty have all contributed to the pressure on smaller businesses. After months of silence, Sydney Sweeney addressed her controversial American Eagle ad , saying she has come to realize her “silence regarding this issue has only widened the divide, not closed it.” , saying she has come to realize her “silence regarding this issue has only widened the divide, not closed it.” More than a third of the roughly 220,000 people arrested by ICE officers between Jan.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Business/wireStory/cyber-monday-break-spending-records-despite-economic-uncertainty-127990827
Article: Deals promoted as some of the best of the holiday season are expected to keep people across the United States glued to their computers and smartphones on Cyber Monday NEW YORK -- Deals promoted as some of the best of the holiday season are expected to keep people across the United States glued to their computers and smartphones as the post-Thanksgiving shopping marathon wraps up on Cyber Monday. Consumer spending for Cyber Week — the five major shopping days between Thanksgiving and Cyber Monday — provides a strong indication of how much shoppers are willing to spend for the holidays. “Discounts are set to remain elevated through Cyber Monday, which we expect will remain the biggest online shopping day of the season and year.” Deals on electronics and apparel are poised to peak Monday at 30% and 26% off average listed prices, per Adobe's latest estimates.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Business/wireStory/donations-hong-kong-fire-victims-reach-115-million-127992939
Article: Hong Kong authorities say the netting on buildings that caught fire last week did not meet codes for fire resistance Hong Kong says netting on buildings that caught fire, killing 151, did not meet code People offer flowers for the victims near the site of a deadly Wednesday fire at Wang Fuk Court, a residential estate in the Tai Po district of Hong Kong's New Territories on Monday, Dec. (AP Photo/Chan Long Hei) People offer flowers for the victims near the site of a deadly Wednesday fire at Wang Fuk Court, a residential estate in the Tai Po district of Hong Kong's New Territories on Monday, Dec. (AP Photo/Chan Long Hei) HONG KONG -- Hong Kong officials said Monday that their investigation into a deadly blaze that killed at least 151 has revealed netting that covered scaffolding used in renovations was not up to fire-safety codes, as a wave of public sympathy and support was met by government moves to stifle criticism. Initial tests of the netting showed it was up to code, but subsequently investigators collected 20 samples from all areas, including higher floors, and found seven failed safety standards, suggesting contractors skimped to make greater profits, said Eric Chan, Hong Kong’s Chief Secretary. “Because the fire is now out, we have been able to get to places that were not easily accessible before to take samples,” Donations for survivors of the fire had reached 900 million Hong Kong dollars (US$115 million) as of Monday, authorities said, as a steady stream of people placed flowers, cards and other tributes at a makeshift memorial near the burned out block of buildings. Hong Kong police Disaster Victim Identification Unit staff went through five of the burned buildings but only made partial progress through the remaining two, said Tsang Shuk-yin, head of Hong Kong police’s casualty enquiry unit. The donations and 300 million Hong Kong dollars ($38.5 million) in start-up capital from the government will be used to help victims rebuild their homes and provide long--term support, local officials said. It confirmed officials had carried out 16 inspections of the renovation project since July 2024 and had warned contractors multiple times in writing that they had to meet fire safety requirements. “People are angry and think that the HK (Hong Kong) government should be accountable,” said Jean-Pierre Cabestan, a locally-based political scientist and senior research fellow at the Paris-based Asia Centre think tank. But the leeway for dissent is limited in the former British colony, which came under Chinese control in 1997 and increasingly has moved to quiet public criticism on national security grounds. “There are rumors being spread by bad people giving fake news about the firefighters not employing the correct tactics to fight the fire, or victims being charged 8,000 Hong Kong dollars a night to stay in hotels - these are all false,” Tang said. “We will arrest these rumor mongers.” On Saturday, the Office for Safeguarding National Security blasted what it called “evil schemes” that had ”the ulterior motives of using the disaster to create trouble and disrupt Hong Kong.” It did not give specifics. Police would not comment specifically on the arrests, telling The Associated Press only that “police will take actions according to actual circumstances and in accordance with the law.” Dissent in the city has been muzzled since hundreds of thousands took to the streets in 2019 against government plans to allow extradition to mainland China.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Business/wireStory/formal-systems-stop-working-neighbors-turn-call-mutual-127997142
Article: Organizers say that interest in local, grassroots initiatives to meet community needs has been growing When formal systems stop working, neighbors turn to each other in what many call 'mutual aid' NEW YORK -- NEW YORK (AP) — “Times are tough. We take care of us." In early November, Kashish Ali posted those words to her Instagram story as part of a yearslong practice she's had to fundraise for food and drop it off at community fridges in Atlanta, where she's from, and now in New York, where she lives. A mantra of mutual aid is, “solidarity not charity.” Interest in mutual aid organizing often spikes in response to crises, like the COVID-19 pandemic and now, economic and political uncertainty under the second Trump administration. Aaron Fernando, who works as an organizer for Shareable, which publishes resources about mutual aid and cooperatives, said they saw huge interest in the Mutual Aid 101 webinars they launched earlier this year. “And that’s literally the whole thought process behind it is like, we’re scared and we need to huddle in and help each other.” She said people now reach out to them frequently to ask how to start their own mutual aid projects, which she encourages. But they make decisions collectively and rely extensively on volunteers, though they do pay some staff members, including Georgina Edmonds, who has lived in the neighborhood for more than 30 years. At a recent food distribution where they were handing out lentils, tofu, carrots, potatoes, onions, cabbage and apples, Edmonds said the group empowers its member to make decisions and shape the direction of their work. “It’s like, 'You know, you don’t have to keep asking, you can just do it.” ____ Associated Press coverage of philanthropy and nonprofits receives support through the AP’s collaboration with The Conversation US, with funding from Lilly Endowment Inc.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Business/wireStory/starbucks-pay-35m-nyc-workers-settle-claims-violated-128006540
Article: New York City officials say Starbucks will pay about $35 million to more than 15,000 New York City workers to settle claims it denied them stable schedules and arbitrarily cut their hours Starbucks to pay about $35M to NYC workers to settle claims it violated labor law NEW YORK -- Starbucks will pay about $35 million to more than 15,000 New York City workers to settle claims it denied them stable schedules and arbitrarily cut their hours, city officials announced Monday. A company spokeswoman said Starbucks is committed to operating responsibly and in compliance with all applicable local laws and regulations in every market where it does business, but also noted the complexities of the city’s law. The probe found most Starbucks employees never got regular schedules and the company routinely reduced employees’ hours by more than 15%, making it difficult for staffers to know their regular weekly earnings and plan other commitments, such as child care, education or other jobs.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/08/asia-pacific-markets-today-monday-hang-seng-index-csi-300-kospi-nikkei-225.html
Article: Japan's benchmark Nikkei 225 index was set to open higher, with its futures contract in Chicago trading at 50,535 and its counterpart in Osaka at 50,650, against the index's last close of 50,491.87.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/07/huge-wall-street-call-morgan-stanleys-new-tesla-analyst-downgrades-stock-over-valuation-concerns.html
Article: Morgan Stanley exited the bull camp on Tesla , saying valuation concerns outweigh its optimistic outlook for the electric vehicle maker in a huge potentially market-moving call on Wall Street. "Tesla is a clear global leader in electric vehicles, manufacturing, renewable energy, and real world AI and thus deserving of a premium valuation," Percoco wrote to clients in a Sunday note, using the acronym for artificial intelligence. "However, high expectations on the latter have brought the stock closer to fair valuation." Percoco pointed out that Tesla's shares are trading at a whopping 30 times the firm's EBITDA estimate for 2030. Paired with an expected underperformance compared with consensus estimates for the next 12 months, Percoco said he would "wait for a better entry." The downgrade takes Percoco out of the majority on Wall Street, with most analysts holding either a strong buy or buy rating, according to LSEG. Percoco — who recently assumed coverage of the stock for Morgan Stanley from noted long-time Tesla bull Adam Jonas — said he expects a "choppy trading environment" for Tesla over the next year.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/world/europe/300-400-works-louvre-damaged-flooding-rcna247889
Article: The flooding last week damaged at least 300 to 400 works in one of the Egyptian antiquities libraries in the museum, Francis Steinbock, the deputy general administrator, told French broadcast station BFM TV. He said that some of the books were wet and that work is underway to dry them, including dehumidifying them page by page with the help of Buffard paper and modifying plants.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nba/76ers-make-final-call-joel-embiid-playing-status-lakers-11170529
Article: Embiid was questionable on the initial injury report for the Sixers’ matchup against the Los Angeles Lakers, but the team upgraded him to probable following the morning shootaround session on Sunday.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/betting/bet365-bonus-code-week365-claim-365-bonus-for-texans-chiefs-snf-11169863
Article: The massive NFL Week 14 slate is still in progress, and you have the opportunity to get started with the bet365 bonus code WEEK365 in time to get in on the action for the remaining games. Click on a specific game you are interested in to view options like these: Jordan Love 20+ pass completions, 275+ passing yards and 2+ passing touchdowns (+600 boosted to +700) Christian Watson, Luther Burden III, Romeo Doubs, DJ Moore EACH 40+ receiving yards (+1000 boosted to +1100) Patrick Mahomes 250+ passing yards, 2+ passing touchdowns and 30+ rushing yards (+675 boosted to +800) Travis Kelce and Dalton Schultz 5+ receptions and 50+ receiving yards (+800 boosted to +900) Activate Bet365 Bonus Code WEEK365 Offer Click here or on any of the other links we have provided to get set up with this offer.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nfl/josh-allen-receives-strong-message-from-bills-pro-bowler-after-bengals-win-11170850
Article: Allen’s 22-of-28 passing day for 251 yards and three touchdowns, combined with 78 rushing yards and a 40-yard rushing TD, powered a come-from-behind 39-34 victory in the snow — and the win kept the Buffalo Bills' postseason hopes alive at 9-4. Josh being Josh." Read More: Shedeur Sanders Makes Cleveland Browns History in Loss to Titans The line landed partly as a nod to Allen’s physical style and partly as a reminder that this NFL season doubles as the final year at the old Highmark Stadium before the team moves into the new venue in 2026. Since opening as Rich Stadium in 1973, Buffalo’s current home—later renamed Rich, Ralph Wilson, New Era, and now Highmark Stadium—has been the cultural heart of "Bills Mafia." It hosted four consecutive Super Bowl teams in the early 1990s and several epic playoff matchups for more than half a century. Read More: Bears-Eagles Black Friday Game Delivers Historic Viewership for NFL This season, Allen has 3,083 passing yards, 22 passing TDs, and 10 INTs, along with 487 rushing yards and 12 rushing TDs, while completing 70.1% of his passes, keeping him in the conversation for league MVP. The AFC is congested and every swing matters; Buffalo’s victory reshuffles the wild-card picture and buys the Bills a little breathing room heading into a brutal finish — a road trip to New England next week followed by games at Cleveland, then returns to Highmark to host Philadelphia and the Jets.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/rare-books-damaged-in-water-leak-at-the-louvre-months-after-heist-11170824
Article: What To Know Francis Steinbock, the museum's deputy administrator, told BFM TV on Sunday that a water pipe leak last month severely damaged between 300 and 400 documents in the department. La Tribune de l'Art, a specialist art website, reported that the leak occurred November 27 and was not discovered until it had soaked into the floor below, making some of the books and bindings "irretrievable." Steinbock said the leak affected one of three rooms in the department's library, with the affected works primarily being archaeological journals and research volumes dating from the late 19th and early 20th centuries, the New York Times reported. Steinbock also noted they are still working to identify the extent of the damage, saying, "We have identified between 300 and 400 works, the count is ongoing," the Times reported. La Tribune de l'Art attributed the cause of the damage to poor pipe conditions, noting the department had repeatedly asked for resources to protect its book collection from such risks but had not received sufficient funding. In October, four burglars entered the Louvre during daylight hours and stole over $102 million worth of jewels, an event described by French and international media as a "daring jewel heist." Last month, additional structural weaknesses forced the partial closure of a gallery displaying Greek vases and adjacent offices. A report from the French public audit body, the Cour des Comptes, released in October, highlighted the Louvre’s "inability to update its infrastructure," stating budget pressures were worsened by what it described as excessive spending on artwork acquisitions instead of maintaining existing infrastructure. What People Are Saying Hélène Guichard, director of the Egyptian antiquities department, told the New York Times on Sunday: "No ancient works were affected, and the Louvre’s rapid and efficient response to the incident greatly limited the damage." What Happens Next Staff at the Louvre are continuing efforts to salvage damaged materials using controlled drying techniques.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/betting/draftkings-promo-code-claim-300-bonus-for-texans-vs-chiefs-sunday-night-football-11169790
Article: DraftKings Promo Code For Bears-Packers, Texans-Chiefs Whether you are looking to bet on Bears-Packers, Texans-Chiefs or any other game, make sure to find a betting market that you are confident in. A few suggestions are provided below: Jordan Love 170+ passing yards (-453) Kyle Monangai 30+ rushing yards (-393) Caleb Williams 10+ rushing yards (-411) Josh Jacobs 70+ rushing + receiving yards (-440) CJ Stroud 180+ passing yards (-454) Travis Kelce 25+ receiving yards (-474) Nico Collins 4+ receptions (-437) Woody Marks 80 + rushing + receiving yards (-483) DraftKings Bears-Packers, Texans-Chiefs Parlays Make sure to survey the pre-made parlay opportunities for these games, too. Click on a specific matchup you are interested to instantly be presented with the top options: Josh Jacobs and Kyren Williams EACH 70+ rushing yards and a touchdown (+659) Matthew Stafford, Jordan Love, Patrick Mahomes, Jacoby Brissett EACH 2+ passing touchdowns (+789) Matthew Stafford, Jacoby Brissett, Jordan Love, Caleb Williams, Patrick Mahomes EACH 220+ passing yards (+1114) Will Anderson Jr., Chris Jones, Danielle Hunter EACH 1+ sack (+900) Nico Collins and Rashee Rice EACH 70+ receiving yards and a touchdown (+950) Kareem Hunt, Nico Collins, Rashee Rice EACH score a touchdown (+1300) Claim DraftKings Promo Code Offer For NFL Week 14 Claim this offer from DraftKings Sportsbook by clicking here and going through the registration process.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/sports/college/texas-teams-college-football-playoff-who-are-they-playing/287-42eb6461-a338-43b3-9387-f4e8f86426f0
Article: Example video title will go here for this video Next up in 5 Example video title will go here for this video Next up in 5 To stream WFAA on your phone, you need the WFAA app.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c2k4z9nwz4yo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Starmer to host Zelensky for Ukraine talks in London 2 hours ago Share Save Paul Seddon and Rachel Muller-Heyndyk Share Save Reuters UK Prime Minister Sir Keir Starmer will host Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky in London on Monday amid a continuing deadlock in negotiations to end the war in Ukraine. After three days of discussions in Miami, US President Donald Trump's outgoing Ukraine envoy said that a deal to end the war was "really close" but hinged on Russia's co-operation. The White House has been pushing Kyiv and Moscow to agree to a multi-point plan to end the war but there has been little sign of a breakthrough, despite both sides engaging with the process. It has sought to win US support for its own proposals, including a European-led security force to police any peace deal in Ukraine, an idea that has been rejected by Moscow.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c2ep33m2m0yo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Being together brings us closer to our girls, say Southport families 2 hours ago Share Save Sarah Campbell, Claire Ryan and George Sandeman Share Save Watch: Home videos give a personal glimpse into the lives of Alice, Bebe and Elsie The families of three girls killed at a dance class in Southport last year say spending time together has helped them through their grief. A small team of journalists from BBC Breakfast have been following the families for the last nine months as part of a documentary to be shown on BBC One on Tuesday. "But together, between the six of us, we always seem to pull the light out [of the darkness]." Elsie, aged seven, Alice da Silva Aguiar, nine, and Bebe King, six, died at a Taylor Swift-themed dance workshop in July 2024. The Southport families at a primary school where money they raised has built a new playground Over nine months the BBC recorded deeply personal interviews with the girls' parents, who have for the first time shared family footage of their daughters. It shows how they trained for and competed in the London Marathon as well as the opening of a new playground at the school attended by two of the girls. The families didn't know each other before the tragedy, but Lauren King, mum of Bebe, says meeting up since they died has been "crucial to our survival" and a "blessing". "I feel more connected to the girls." Mrs Stancombe adds: "I'll never forget Alex coming to say to me that Alice is a real mother figure and she'll be mothering [Elsie and Bebe], wherever they are. She was like, 'I promise you she'll be looking after them.'" Family handouts The parents of Elsie, Alice and Bebe have realised how similar they were when sharing memories of them The documentary includes home videos of the girls talking and laughing. In one, Elsie says: "You don't need to buy a smile, you just bring up your face." Using Elsie's attitude to cartwheeling as an example, her dad David Stancombe adds: "When she was focused on something, she was determined to master it." In another clip, while filming herself, Alice says: "Hello, it's me!" Describing his daughter, Sergio Aguiar tells us that Alice did not walk anywhere, "she danced". "She only went to dance and make bracelets; and she never came home." The families say they have been of great support to each other while grieving for their girls Mr and Mrs Stancombe tell the BBC of the shared pain they felt when meeting the Aguiar and King families for the first time. His wife agrees: "We are all different but we are very special to each other." The legacy projects established for each of the girls include Alice's WonderDance, made by the Aguiars to support young performers with uniforms, classes and transport.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c3d01nxg0y0o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Royal Navy unveils new Atlantic strategy to counter Russian threat 2 hours ago Share Save Paul Adams Diplomatic correspondent Share Save BBC The SG-1 Fathom monitors the water, using its sensors to gather information In the dark waters off the west coast of Scotland, a slender submarine glider, like a torpedo with wings, slips under the surface and quickly disappears off into the murk. The Atlantic Bastion programme is a network of drones, warships and surveillance aircraft designed to protect undersea infrastructure The Ministry of Defence, which is unveiling elements of Atlantic Bastion on Monday, said in a statement that the programme was "in direct response to the resurgence in Russian submarine and underwater activity". In September, the parliamentary National Security Strategy Committee said it was "not confident" the UK was equipped to protect its undersea cables, warning that an attack could cause "catastrophic disruption" to vital financial and communications systems. Helsing The Fathom is designed to patrol autonomously for months and works with other gliders to detect threats On a visit to Portsmouth last week, Healey stressed the government's investment in new technology to combat the threat was vital. "We know that they are mapping our undersea cables and our networks and our pipelines, and we know that they are developing new capabilities all the time to put those at risk." First Sea Lord Gen Sir Gwyn Jenkins hope new technology can help Britain stay ahead of Russia in the Atlantic

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c4gjg6wzzx0o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Hollywood gears up for Golden Globe nominations 2 hours ago Share Save Steven McIntosh Entertainment reporter Share Save Getty Images Wicked: For Good stars Jonathan Bailey, Cynthia Erivo and Ariana Grande Hamnet, Sinners, Marty Supreme and Wicked: For Good are a few of the films expected to be up for Golden Globe awards when the nominations are announced later. Avatar: Fire and Ash, which sees the Na'vi encounter an aggressive new tribe, is also likely to be nominated ahead of its expected domination of the box office this Christmas. Other possible nominees include One Battle After Another, about the kidnap of a former revolutionary's daughter; Sinners, a 1930s-set vampire drama; and Hamnet, the adaptation of Maggie O'Farrell's novel about the death of William Shakespeare's son. Getty Images Irish actors Paul Mescal and Jessie Buckley could be nominated for their roles in Hamnet There are three sports biopics in the running this year: Marty Supreme, about a table-tennis player's pursuit of greatness; Christy, which follows boxer Christy Martin; and The Smashing Machine, about UFC fighter Mark Kerr. Sexual assault drama After The Hunt, Lorenz Hart biopic Blue Moon, missile thriller A House of Dynamite, loneliness study Train Dreams, musical love story Song Sung Blue and the John Bishop-inspired Is This Thing On? And several films eligible for the non-English language prize, such as The Secret Agent, No Other Choice, Sentimental Value, The Voice of Hind Rajab, Sirāt and It Was Just an Accident, could easily show up in other categories too. Getty Images Andrew Garfield, Julia Roberts and Ayo Edebiri starred together in After The Hunt The Globes have far more acting nomination slots available (36) than the Oscars (20) because they split many of their film categories between drama and musical or comedy. Leonardo DiCaprio (One Battle After Another) could return to the awards race for playing a former revolutionary, while Timothée Chalamet (Marty Supreme) could be nominated for portraying table tennis player Marty Mauser. Wicked: For Good's Cynthia Erivo and Ariana Grande could repeat the nominations they got for the first film, while Sydney Sweeney (Christy) has been praised for her portrayal of boxer Christy Martin's rise to fame in the 1990s and her husband's later attempt to murder her. Getty Images Jesse Plemons and Emma Stone could be nominated for conspiracy theory drama Bugonia Dwayne Johnson could be recognised for MMA drama The Smashing Machine, marking the blockbuster star's first significant awards play, while George Clooney and Adam Sandler are in the running for Jay Kelly, about an ageing Hollywood actor grappling with his life choices. Irish actress Jessie Buckley is a best actress frontrunner for her role in Hamnet, a film Paul Mescal could also be recognised for, while Emma Stone and Jesse Plemons could return to the awards race for Bugonia. Other stars in contention include Julia Roberts (After The Hunt), Ethan Hawke (Blue Moon), Michael B Jordan (Sinners), Renate Reinsve (Sentimental Value) and Jeremy Allen White (Springsteen: Deliver Me from Nowhere). Jennifer Lawrence (Die My Love), Kate Hudson (Song Sung Blue), Wagner Moura (The Secret Agent), and Chase Infiniti and Sean Penn (both One Battle After Another) are also likely to be recognised. Getty Images Adolescence stars Stephen Graham, Owen Cooper and Erin Doherty will be hoping to repeat their recent Emmy wins The film categories might dominate the headlines, but unlike many of the other events of awards season, the Golden Globes recognise television as well. Stephan Graham and Owen Cooper starred in Jack Thorne's drama about a teenage boy who is accused of stabbing a female classmate, which was one of the most talked-about shows of the year. Elsewhere, The Pitt, Severance, Slow Horses and The White Lotus could compete the drama categories, while The Studio, Hacks, Nobody Wants This and Abbott Elementary are some of the comedy frontrunners.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/articles/cx2n9ped4v7o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: "To defy is to act in accordance with your true values, especially when there is pressure to do otherwise." When deciding whether to say yes or no, the question to ask is whether you're going against your values.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cvgkpqk01pro?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: A three-year-old girl was among 21 people treated for injuries after men allegedly used what police believe was pepper spray during a suitcase robbery in a multi-storey car park at the airport. It writes a majority of leading experts at the Chicago Booth Clark Center predict the federal reserve will lower borrowing costs by 25 basis points "in response to fears that the labour market is slowing and affordability pressures are mounting". The Independent leads with the probation watchdog saying the government should think "very, very carefully" about overhauling the justice system to allow "more criminals to be electronically tagged and punished in the community". Shadow Business Secretary Andrew Griffith tells the paper "it'll be Christmas every day for trade unions if this proposal became law", while a government source says "people have a right to join a trade union if they want to in their workplace". The paper writes "many Britons are living in fear they could be neglected in a failing hospital or care home." Emergency carers hired on a short-term basis do not fall under "regulatory oversight due to a legal anomaly", the Express reports. A campaign for Kevin Sinfield to be knighted leads the Daily Mirror after the rugby league star finished "seven ultramarathons in seven days", raising £11.3m for motor neurone disease charities and research. It reports on some of the cases identified by the Free Speech Union (FSU), where it says "laws intended to keep children safe from harm from adults are being used to crack down on Right-wing views".

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c4g9e34yzvgo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: 2 hours ago Share Save Suranjana Tewari Asia Business Correspondent, Tokyo Share Save BBC Scientists at Waseda University in Tokyo are developing caregiving robots Last year, more than 18,000 older people living with dementia left their homes and wandered off in Japan. Japan's government has identified dementia as one of its most urgent policy challenges, with the Health Ministry estimating that dementia-related health and social care costs will reach 14 trillion yen ($90bn; £67bn) by 2030 - up from nine trillion yen in 2025. Fujitsu's aiGait uses AI to analyse posture and walking patterns, picking up early signs of dementia – shuffling while walking, slower turns or difficulty standing – generating skeletal outlines clinicians can review during routine check-ups. "If doctors can use motion-capture data, they can intervene earlier and help people remain active for longer." Meanwhile, researchers at Waseda University are developing AIREC, a 150kg humanoid robot designed to be a "future" caregiver. Toshio Morita (R) works at the Restaurant of Mistaken Orders Similar robots are already being used in care homes to play music to residents or guide them in simple stretching exercises. Although humanoid robots are being developed for the near future, Assistant Professor Tamon Miyake says the level of precision and intelligence required will take at last five years before they are safely able to interact with humans. "While they may take over some tasks, their main role is to assist both caregivers and patients." At the Restaurant of Mistaken Orders in Sengawa, Tokyo, founded by Akiko Kanna, people stream in to be served by patients suffering from dementia.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cy7v05exgdvo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Little sleep, no pay: India's poll workers flag harsh conditions amid uproar over deaths 4 hours ago Share Save Cherylann Mollan & Nikita Yadav Mumbai and Noida Share Save Getty Images Booth-level officers (BLOs) have been assisting over 500 million voters in updating electoral rolls A few days ago, Sarvesh Kumar, a school teacher in India's Uttar Pradesh state, was found dead in his home. In a video purportedly made by him before his death, Kumar can be seen weeping as he talks about the pressures of election work and being upset about not being able to complete it on time. In a note purportedly written by him before his death which the BBC has seen, Vadher said that he had been feeling "constant fatigue and mental stress" for several days. New voter list in Indian state includes wrong photos and dead people India's voter roll revision is worrying migrant workers In another instance, Rameshbhai Parmar, a school principal in Gujarat, died in his sleep after a stressful day of SIR work, his family alleged. Parmar's daughter Shilpaben said he often worked long hours or late into the night, and on the day he died, he went out several times for SIR work and went to bed without eating. (The previous SIR exercise in 2002-2003 was conducted over six months.) Sudhir Kumar's family Sudhir Kumar's family alleges that he was denied leave for his wedding Media reports quoting a court affidavit say the EC has denied opposition claims linking BLO deaths to SIR work, calling them "false, exaggerated and politically motivated". But Manisha Kumari*, 35, a school teacher leading the SIR exercise in a residential complex in Uttar Pradesh's Noida city, says that she's unsure she'll be able to finish her work even in that time. In recent weeks, Uttar Pradesh officials have filed cases against poll workers for alleged SIR negligence, and there have been reports of threats of jail or job loss for refusal in other states.

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/12/07/nx-s1-5636704/rafael-ithier-salsa-music-puerto-rico-gran-combo
Article: Rafael Ithier, a legend of salsa music, dies at 99 toggle caption Chris Pizzello/Invision/AP Rafael Ithier, founder of the emblematic salsa group El Gran Combo de Puerto Rico, has died at age 99. The pianist, composer and arranger — who served as the orchestra's longtime musical director — spent more than six decades turning El Gran Combo into one of the premier salsa institutions of Latin America and beyond. "A leader whose discipline, vision and love for salsa forged the history of El Gran Combo de Puerto Rico and of Latin music in the world." Sponsor Message Born in San Juan in 1926, Ithier began playing guitar when he was 10 years old. As salsa was reaching its golden age into the 1970s — combining elements of mambo, Afro-Cuban rumba and jazz in New York City studios and clubs — El Gran Combo became the voice of the genre in Puerto Rico. The 1975 song "Un Verano en Nueva York" paid tribute to the flourishing Nuyorican diaspora on the mainland (and would get a second life in Bad Bunny's 2025 hit "NUEVAYoL"). On the 1979 classic "Brujeria," a booming brass section merges with the rhythmic texture of the congas and timbales as vocalist Charlie Aponte cheekily accuses a lover of using witchcraft on him. Sponsor Message For decades, El Combo served as an informal training ground for dozens of salsa musicians, leading to the nickname "la universidad de la salsa" (the university of salsa), which was also the title of a 1983 album.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/politics/listen-live-supreme-court-hears-trump-v-slaughter-in-another-test-of-presidential-power
Article: WASHINGTON (AP) — Chief Justice John Roberts has led the Supreme Court’s conservative majority on a steady march of increasing the power of the presidency, starting well before Donald Trump’s time in the White House. The court’s conservatives, liberal Justice Elena Kagan noted in September, seem to be “raring to take that action.” They already have allowed Trump, in the opening months of the Republican’s second term, to fire almost everyone he has wanted, despite the court’s 1935 decision in Humphrey’s Executor that prohibits the president from removing the heads of independent agencies without cause. READ MORE: Chief justice lets Trump remove member of Federal Trade Commission for now The officials include Rebecca Slaughter, whose firing from the Federal Trade Commission is at issue in the current case, as well as officials from the National Labor Relations Board, the Merit Systems Protection Board and the Consumer Product Safety Commission. The only officials who have so far survived efforts to remove them are Lisa Cook, a Federal Reserve governor, and Shira Perlmutter, a copyright official with the Library of Congress. The court already has suggested that it will view the Fed differently from other independent agencies, and Trump has said he wants her out because of allegations of mortgage fraud.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/arts/watch-trump-speaks-before-hosting-2025-kennedy-center-honors-ceremony
Article: WASHINGTON (AP) — Sylvester Stallone, Kiss and Gloria Gaynor are among the luminaries being celebrated Sunday at the annual Kennedy Center Honors, with Donald Trump hosting the show, the first time a president will command the stage instead of sitting in an Opera House box. Asked when he arrived for the ceremony how he had found time to prepare, Trump said he “didn’t really prepare very much.” “I have a good memory, so I can remember things, which is very fortunate,” the president said. Johnny Carson, he was himself.” WATCH: Trump presents medals to 2025 Kennedy Center honorees at the Oval Office Trump said in August that he had agreed to host the show. he said Saturday at a State Department dinner for the honorees that he was doing so “at the request of a certain television network.” He predicted that the broadcast, scheduled to air Dec. “Oh this president, he is so relaxed in front of these cameras, as you know, and so funny, I can’t wait for tonight,” Lutnick said as he arrived with his wife, who is on the Kennedy Center board. Members of this year’s class are pop-culture standouts, including Stallone for his “Rocky” and “Rambo” movies, Gaynor for her feminist anthem “I Will Survive” and Kiss for its flashy, cartoonish makeup and onstage displays of smoke and pyrotechnics. The band’s co-founder Gene Simmons, speaking on the red carpet when he and the other honorees arrived for the ceremony, said the president had assured him there would be an empty chair among the members of Kiss in memory of Frehley. ..: but I’m incredibly humbled by it.” Crawford also said it was “humbling, especially at the end of a career.” Gaynor said it “feels like a dream” to be honored. “The best part is that Sly is one of he greatest guys I’ve ever met.” Previous honorees have come from a broad range of art forms, whether dance (Martha Graham, Merce Cunningham), theater (Stephen Sondheim, Andrew Lloyd Webber), movies (Meryl Streep, Tom Hanks) or music (Bob Dylan, Joni Mitchell). Trump has taken over the Kennedy Center Trump upended decades of bipartisan support for the center by ousting its leadership and stacking the board of trustees with Republican supporters, who then elected him chair. He has criticized the center’s programming and the building’s appearance — and has said, perhaps jokingly, that he would rename it as the “Trump Kennedy Center.” He secured more than $250 million from Congress for renovations of the building. WATCH: Kennedy Center faces a crossroads as it’s pulled into partisan politics Presidents of each political party have at times found themselves face to face with artists of opposing political views. Trump has said he was deeply involved in choosing the 2025 honorees and turned down some recommendations because they were “too woke.” While Stallone is one of Trump’s Hollywood ”special ambassadors” and has likened Trump to George Washington, the political views of Sunday’s other guests are less clear. Honorees’ views about Trump Strait and Gaynor have said little about their politics, although Federal Election Commission records show that Gaynor has given money to Republican organizations in recent years. “If your candidate won, it’s time to understand that those who don’t share your views also believe they are right and love this country as much as you do.” Italie reported from New York.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/women-protest-gender-based-violence-brazil-shocking-cases-128194742
Article: Tens of thousands of women in cities across Brazil have rallied against gender-based violence amid record numbers of female victims Demonstrators take parte in a march against femicide following a series of high-profile cases in the country, in Sao Paulo, Sunday, Dec. (AP Photo/Ettore Chiereguini) RIO DE JANEIRO -- Tens of thousands of women in cities across Brazil rallied against gender-based violence Sunday as a record number of female victims and a series of recent high-profile cases have shocked the country. Women of all ages and some men took to the streets in Rio de Janeiro, Sao Paulo and other cities, calling for an end to femicide, rape and misogyny and for men to join them in their struggle. I want changes in the legislation and new protocols to prevent this kind of crime from happening again.” In another shocking case, Taynara Souza Santos was run over by her ex-boyfriend and trapped by car, which dragged her over concrete for one kilometer (0.6 mile). 21, in the southern city of Florianopolis, English teacher Catarina Kasten was raped and strangled to death on a trail next to a beach on her way to a swimming lesson. “I have suffered many forms of abuses, and today I am here to show our voice.” More than one in three women in Brazil was a victim of sexual or gender-based violence over the course of a year, according to a 2025 report by the think tank Brazilian Forum on Public Safety, the highest number since records began in 2017. A decade ago, Brazil passed a law recognizing the crime of femicide defined as the death of a woman in the domestic sphere or as resulting from contempt for women. “We’re seeing an increase in numbers but also in the intensity and cruelty of violence,” said Juliana Martins, an expert in gender-based violence and institutional relations manager at the Brazilian Forum on Public Safety. On Sunday, demonstrators in Rio put out dozens of black crosses, while others bore stickers with messages such as “machismo kills” and wore green scarfs associated with the demand for access to abortion. “I almost died, but I didn’t.” Lizete de Paula, 79, said men who hate women had felt empowered during the term of former President Jair Bolsonaro, who dismantled public policies aimed at strengthening women’s rights. Joao Pedro Cordão, a 45-year-old father of three daughters, said men have a duty to stand with women by calling out misogyny not only at protests but in day-to-day life.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/wireStory/democratic-governors-partys-midterm-strategy-focus-voters-pocketbook-128195464
Article: Gratz, File) PHOENIX -- Democratic governors met this weekend in Arizona, looking to parlay last month’s big victories for the party in New Jersey and Virginia into campaigns for next year’s midterms, when a majority of governor's seats will be up for election. Those elections helped Democrats zero in on what they see as a strategy to help grow their ranks in office and recover from big losses in 2024, when voters put Donald Trump back in the White House and gave Republicans majorities in both houses of Congress. “Everybody wants the economy of tomorrow, but paying the bills today is absolutely critical." He and other governors said Democrats can use the affordability message as a cudgel against Trump without making him the central focus of their campaigns. "But we never judge those voters.” The meeting of Democratic governors comes as blue states have been under fire from the Trump administration, which is exercising power in novel ways against the president's perceived enemies. On the same day Democratic moderates with national security credentials, Mikie Sherrill in New Jersey and Abigail Spanberger in Virginia, won their governor's races, Democratic socialist Zohran Mamdani won election as New York mayor. And Democrats could be setting themselves up for disappointment down the road if they win in 2026 but are unable to bring down costs to voters’ satisfaction, allowing Republicans to capitalize on the same buyer’s remorse Democrats are now seeking to stoke. “They do want both, and finding ways to cross-cut those and marry that I think is going to be a winning set of messages.” After the New Jersey and Virginia elections last month, the White House began shifting its message to focus more on affordability. “I expect inflation to roll down strongly next year,” he said on CBS’s “Face the Nation.” Democratic governors and candidates were largely aligned in the conclusion that many voters in 2024 didn't feel as if their party was focused on their concerns or shared their anger at a system they believe is failing average Americans. Once Spanberger takes office in January, Democrats will control 24 governor's offices, a significant improvement from the low point of just 16 following the 2016 election but still slightly behind the Republicans' 26 seats. But Democrats are talking about expanding the field by competing in states such as Iowa or Ohio, where the party used to be competitive but has struggled in the Trump era. Gina Hinojosa, a Texas lawmaker running for governor in the nation's second-most populous state, is making the case to Democratic donors that investing in Texas will be crucial to her party's hopes of winning power in Washington before the 2030 census.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Entertainment/wireStory/nobel-literature-laureate-krasznahorkai-delivers-rare-lecture-stockholm-128183347
Article: Hungarian author and Nobel Prize for Literature 2025 winner László Krasznahorkai, known for his surreal and anarchic novels, gave a rare public lecture in Stockholm on Sunday STOCKHOLM -- Hungarian László Krasznahorkai, who won the Nobel Prize in literature for his surreal and anarchic novels that combine a bleak world view with mordant humor, gave a lecture in Stockholm on Sunday in one of his rare public appearances. The lecture was part of the Nobel week that is underway in Stockholm and Oslo with laureates holding news conferences and giving speeches before they are awarded the prestigious prizes. Krasznahorkai's lecture, which he gave in Hungarian, ranged across topics such as old and new angels, human dignity, hope or the lack thereof, rebellion and his observations of a clochard — or tramp — on the Berlin subway. He introduced his lecture, according to the English translation, by saying that “on receiving the 2025 Nobel Prize in Literature, I originally wished to share my thought with you on the subject of hope, but as my stores of hope have definitely come to an end, I will now speak about angels.” As opposed to “the angels of old,” the new angels, Krasznahorkai said, “have no wings, but they also have no message, none whatsoever. Expressing himself in his long, winding trademark sentences full of apocalypse but without full stops, he says it comes as a shock when he “detects the horrific story of these new angels that stand before me, the story that they are sacrifices, sacrifices: and not for us, but because of us, for every single one of us, because of every single one of us, angels without wings and angels without a message, and all the while knowing that there is war, war and only war, war in nature, war in society, and this war is being waged not only with weapons, not only with torture, not only with destruction: of course, this is one end of the scale, but this war proceeds at the opposite of the scale as well, because one single bad word is enough.” When the Nobel judges announced the award for Krasznahorkai in October, they described the 71-year-old as “a great epic writer” whose work “is characterized by absurdism and grotesque excess.” “Krasznahorkai’s work can be seen as part of a Central European tradition," the Nobel Prize organization said. ”Important features are pessimism and apocalypse, but also humor and unpredictability." His novels include “Satantango,” “The Melancholy of Resistance,” “War and War,” “Baron Wenckheim’s Homecoming” and “Herscht 07769.” Last year’s winner was South Korean author Han Kang. Meanwhile, the director of the Norwegian Nobel Institute, Kristian Harpviken, said Saturday that Venezuelan Peace Prize laureate and opposition leader María Corina Machado will come to Oslo this week to receive her award in person. The 58-year-old, who won for her struggle to achieve a democratic transition in the South American nation, has been in hiding and has not been seen in public since January.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/08/where-to-invest-1-million-according-pros-risk-profile-fixed-income-dividends-equities.html
Article: "For a client with a moderate risk profile seeking a balance between risk and return, we would recommend a diversified, multi-asset portfolio anchored," said Lui Chee Ming, head of investment advisory for Asia South. For aggressive investors: more equities, more AI Citi's Lui said investors with a higher risk tolerance can hold "higher equity and thematic weighting… with a greater emphasis on our highest-conviction growth themes like AI and technology," and may consider structured products or private markets to enhance returns. Dietze, chief investment strategist at Dietze Wealth Management, said those with very high risk tolerance "could easily justify greater exposure to equities, indeed up to 100%." AlTi Global, which works predominantly with ultra-high-net-worth clients, also emphasized alternatives for more aggressive investors. On sectors, Dietze flagged value-driven opportunities in the energy sector, where he said producers trade at rather low valuations as investors focus on nuclear and electricity while fossil fuel prices slide.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/08/cnbc-daily-open-everyones-watching-the-netflix-deal.html
Article: President Donald Trump said he would be involved in the decision, Reuters reported Monday, after a senior official from the Trump administration told CNBC's Eamon Javers on Friday that they viewed the deal with "heavy scepticism." Despite this initial show of resistance, stranger things have happened in this administration, and the transaction might eventually go through.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/08/thailand-launches-air-strikes-at-cambodia-as-border-tensions-reignite.html
Article: Thailand has launched air strikes along its disputed border with Cambodia, the Thai military said on Monday, after both countries accused the other of breaching a ceasefire agreement brokered by U.S. At least one Thai soldier has been killed and four wounded in the fresh clashes that broke out around two areas in the easternmost province of Ubon Ratchathani, Thailand's military said in a statement, after its troops came under Cambodian fire. Cambodia's defence ministry said in a statement that the Thai military had launched dawn attacks on its forces at two locations, following days of provocative actions, and added that Cambodian troops had not retaliated. The border dispute had erupted into a five-day war in July, before a ceasefire deal brokered by Malaysian Prime Minister Anwar Ibrahim and Trump, who also witnessed the signing of an expanded peace agreement between the two countries in Kuala Lumpur in October. Thailand and Cambodia have for more than a century contested sovereignty at undemarcated points along their 817-km (508-mile) land border, first mapped in 1907 by France when it ruled Cambodia as a colony.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/08/hong-kong-election-turnout-near-record-low-amid-anger-over-deadly-fire.html
Article: Hong Kong's election on Sunday saw a near-record-low turnout after the city's worst fire in nearly 80 years prompted anger against its China-backed authorities, but voter participation edged higher than in the previous vote four years ago. Only candidates vetted as "patriots" by the government were allowed to run for the global financial hub's 90-seat legislature, with only 20 of those seats being directly elected, and the rest chosen by an election committee stacked with Beijing loyalists, and special interest and professional groups. The government said the final turnout in the Legislative Council election was 31.9%, versus 30.2% in 2021, which was the lowest since the former British colony returned to Chinese rule in 1997. The fire had changed the "social atmosphere, making it a very difficult election for us to organise," David Lok, chairman of the Election Commission, told a press briefing early Monday. Security was tight in the northern district of Tai Po, close to the border with mainland China, where the fire engulfed seven residential towers, with large numbers of police patrolling the area around Wang Fuk Court, the site of the fire. City leader John Lee said the government would now work with the legislature to "drive institutional reform" in the aftermath of the fire, amid some public calls and petitions calling for greater government accountability and for improved oversight over the construction sector.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/08/chinese-jets-point-radar-at-japanese-aircraft-japan-says.html
Article: Bloomberg | Bloomberg | Getty Images Japan said on Sunday that Chinese fighter jets had aimed their radar at Japanese military aircraft in two "dangerous" incidents near Japan's Okinawa islands, an account Beijing disputed. "These radar illuminations are a dangerous act that went beyond what is necessary for the safe flight of aircraft," Prime Minister Sanae Takaichi told reporters, adding that Japan had lodged a protest with China over Saturday's "extremely regrettable" incident. Defense Minister Shinjiro Koizumi, meeting with his Australian counterpart Richard Marles in Tokyo, said Japan would respond "resolutely and calmly" to China's conduct in order to maintain regional peace and stability. But a Chinese navy spokesperson, Colonel Wang Xuemeng, said Japanese aircraft had repeatedly approached and disrupted the Chinese navy as it was conducting previously announced carrier-based flight training east of the Miyako Strait. China-Japan ties strained over Taiwan The encounters near islands claimed by both Japan and China are the most serious run-ins between the two militaries in years and are likely to further escalate tension between the two East Asian powers. "The Chinese Navy will take necessary measures in accordance with the law to resolutely safeguard its own security and legitimate rights and interests." Australia's Marles, at a press conference with Koizumi after discussions on deepening defence cooperation, said, "We are deeply concerned by the actions of China in the last 24 hours. We will continue to work with Japan and stand with Japan in upholding that rules-based order." As China-Japan tensions over Taiwan have mounted, Beijing advised its citizens not to travel to Japan and paused plans to restart seafood imports suspended after Japan released treated water from the crippled Fukushima nuclear plant.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/08/robinhood-to-enter-indonesia-with-brokerage-crypto-trader-acquisition.html
Article: Robinhood Markets will acquire Indonesian brokerage firm Buana Capital Sekuritas and licensed digital asset trader Pedagang Aset Kripto, marking the retail trading platform's entry into one of Southeast Asia's major crypto hubs, the company said in a blog post on Sunday.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/8/thailand-launches-air-raids-along-border-with-cambodia-after-deadly-clashes?traffic_source=rss
Article: The Royal Thai Army has announced launching air attacks along its disputed border with Cambodia, after accusing Cambodian forces of firing at its troops, killing one soldier and wounding four others. In a statement on Monday, spokesman Major-General Winthai Suvari said the Thai Army deployed aircraft after the deadly clashes in the Chong Bok area of Nam Yuen District in Ubon Ratchathani province. Cambodia’s Ministry of National Defence spokeswoman Maly Socheata told the AFP news agency that Thai forces launched an attack on Cambodian troops in the border provinces of Preah Vihear and Oddar Meanchey early on Monday morning.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/video/louvre-water-leak-damages-hundreds-of-items-museum-official-says-253931077761
Article: One Louvre official telling French media Sunday that a water leak damaged hundreds of items in the Egyptian antiquities department, just weeks after a high-profile jewel heist raised concerns about the museum’s security.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/nation-world/att-class-action-suit-two-weeks/507-a31dd9c5-3b97-44ca-80b7-0adcde4afabd
Article: The incidents resulted in some customer data, including names, addresses, telephone numbers, email addresses, birthdays, account passcodes, billing account numbers and Social Security numbers, being put on the dark web or illegally downloaded off a third-party cloud platform, according to the Kroll Settlement Administration. Current or former AT&T customers in the United States who had their information or data accessed in the March 30, 2024 or the July 12, 2024 breaches are eligible to file a claim. It’s not entirely clear the exact amount, but those part of the first incident can claim up to $5,000 for losses that happened "in 2019 or later, upon presentation of documentation that the losses are fairly traceable to the AT&T 1 Data Incident," according to the settlement website. Those part of the second incident can claim up to $2,500 for losses that happened "on or after April 14, 2024, upon presentation of documentation that the losses are fairly traceable to the AT&T 2 Data Incident." Customers impacted by both breaches could receive up to $7,500.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c2dzjk9d825o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Water leak in Louvre damages hundreds of books The problem that caused the leak, which was discovered in late November, had been known for years, and repairs are scheduled for next year, Mr Steinbock added. He added: "At this stage, we have no irreparable and definitive losses in these collections." The leak is the third major issue faced by the museum - which is the most visited in the world - in as many months. In November, structural weaknesses prompted the partial closure of one of the galleries hosting Greek vases and offices, and on 19 October, four burglars made off with jewels worth €88m (£76m; $102m), exposing glaring security gaps. A report published in October by France's public audit body, known as the Cour des Comptes, criticised the museum's excessive spending on artwork, which it said was "to the detriment of the maintenance and renovation of buildings."

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/08/china-export-imports-trade-november-us-tariff-truce-.html
Article: China's exports massively beat market expectations in November as manufacturers rushed to ship out inventory on the back of a trade deal with Washington, following a meeting between the leaders of the world's top two economies. In the first 11 months this year, China's overall exports grew 5.4% compared to the same period in 2024 while imports fell 0.6%, taking its trade surplus to $1.076 trillion this year as of November, up 21.6% year on year. The two sides agreed to roll back steep tariffs on each other's goods, export controls for critical minerals and advanced technology, with Beijing committing to buying more American soybeans and working with Washington to crack down on fentanyl flows. Beijing is expected to keep the 2026 growth target unchanged at "around 5%," according to Goldman Sachs, which would require incremental policy easing early next year to ensure a growth acceleration from a likely lackluster reading in the fourth quarter of 2025. The Wall Street bank expects Chinese authorities to lift the augmented fiscal deficit ceiling by 1 percentage point of GDP, cut policy rates by a total of 20 basis points and step up stimulus measures to rein in the housing slump.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/8/nigeria-secures-release-of-100-kidnapped-children-reports-say?traffic_source=rss
Article: The 100 children arrived in Nigeria’s capital, Abuja, and are set to be handed over to local government officials in Niger State on Monday, an unnamed United Nations source told the AFP news agency. Advertisement “However, we are not officially aware and have not been duly notified by the federal government.” The latest abductions are the worst seen in Nigeria since more than 270 girls from Chibok town were snatched from their school in 2014. The most recent kidnappings came soon after United States President Donald Trump said that Nigeria’s Christians are facing genocide, a claim that has been questioned by local officials and Christian groups, who say that people from different faiths have been caught up in ongoing violence in parts of the country. “We’ve continuously made our point clear that we acknowledge the fact that there are killings that have taken place in Nigeria, but those killings were not restricted to Christians alone. Armed groups have been engaged in a conflict that has been largely confined to the northeast of the country, which is majority Muslim, and has dragged on for more than 15 years.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/8/us-lawmakers-urge-release-of-video-of-double-tap-boat-strike-in-caribbean?traffic_source=rss
Article: Lawmakers in the United States have urged the release of a video of a controversial double-tap strike on a vessel in the Caribbean amid growing scrutiny of the legality of Washington’s militarised anti-drug trafficking campaign. The bipartisan calls on Sunday came amid mounting controversy over revelations that military officials ordered a follow-up strike in the September 2 operation targeting a suspected drug-smuggling vessel, killing two survivors of the initial attack. Democratic and Republican lawmakers watched footage of the strikes last week in a closed-door briefing with military officials, but emerged from the screening with substantially different accounts of what happened. Adam Smith, the top Democrat on the House of Representatives’s armed services committee, said the targeted vessel had been “clearly incapacitated” in the initial strike, and the survivors were unarmed and without any means of communication. If they release the video, then everything that the Republicans are saying will clearly be portrayed to be completely false, and people will get a look at it, and they will see,” Smith said in an interview with the ABC News programme This Week with George Stephanopoulos. Advertisement “Look, there’s a certain amount of sympathy out there for going after drug runners, but I think it’s really important that people see what it looks like when the full force the United States military is turned on two guys who are clinging to a piece of wood and about to go under just so that they have sort of a visceral feel for what it is that we’re doing,” Himes told CBS News’s Face the Nation with Margaret Brennan. Senator Tom Cotton, whose account of the survivors trying to “flip” the boat and continue their voyage has been disputed by Democrats, said he would not object to the video’s release, but would defer to the judgement of Secretary of Defense Pete Hegseth and the Pentagon. It looks like any number of dozens of strikes we’ve seen on Jeeps and pickup trucks in the Middle East over the years,” Cotton, who chairs the intelligence committee in the Senate, told NBC News’s Meet the Press. President Donald Trump, whose administration has carried out at least 22 strikes against alleged drug traffickers in the Caribbean Sea and Eastern Pacific, said last week he would have “no problem” with releasing the footage. Hegseth on Saturday struck a more cautious note during an appearance at a defence forum in California, telling a Q&A that officials were reviewing the possibility, but needed to make a “responsible” decision. Scrutiny of the strikes has mounted since The Washington Post reported last month that US military officials carried out a second attack on two people clinging to the vessel’s wreckage after Hegseth directed commanders to leave no survivors. Advertisement “Instead, all of the strikes qualify as murder in violation of domestic criminal law, and extrajudicial killings in violation of international human rights law.” At least 87 people have been killed in the strikes, which the Trump administration began in September. The Trump administration has yet to make public any evidence to back its claims that the boats were carrying narcotics, were headed to the US, or that they were being commandeered by members of proscribed cartels.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/8/nigeria-says-it-deployed-troops-to-benin-to-dislodge-coup-plotters?traffic_source=rss
Article: Tinubu first ordered Nigerian fighter jets to enter Benin and “take over the airspace to help dislodge the coup plotters from the National TV and a military camp where they had regrouped”, the statement said. “This treachery will not go unpunished.” The Benin president added that his thoughts were with the victims of the coup attempt as well as with a number of people who have been held by the fleeing mutineers. The unrest was the latest threat to democratic governance in the region, where militaries have in recent years seized power in Benin’s neighbours Niger and Burkina Faso, as well as in Mali, Guinea and, only last month, Guinea-Bissau. In a statement later on Sunday, ECOWAS said it had ordered the immediate deployment of elements of its standby force to Benin, including troops from Nigeria, Sierra Leone, the Ivory Coast and Ghana. Ibrahim Yahaya Ibrahim, deputy director of the Sahel Project at the International Crisis Group, told Al Jazeera that the coup bids in Benin and other African countries have been partly driven by governments rejecting their democratic responsibilities. “In recent days and recent months, we have all been holding our breath about what could happen in many countries that are either facing security situations that are bad, or are coming to an election, where there is no clarity on whether the rulers will be respecting the rules of the democratic game,” Yahaya said.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/politics/congress/-america-first-marjorie-taylor-greene-knocks-trump-not-focusing-domest-rcna247869
Article: Marjorie Taylor Greene, R-Ga., bashed President Donald Trump, accusing her onetime political ally-turned-foe of inciting death threats against her and her son and failing to live up to his campaign pledge to focus on improving the lives of Americans. And so, of course, I was critical, because those were my campaign promises,” Greene said in an interview that aired Sunday on CBS News’ “60 Minutes.” “Once we fix everything here, then fine, we’ll talk to the rest of the world.” Later, CBS News' Lesley Stahl asked Greene: “Are you MAGA?” “I am America First. That’s his political policies," Greene said, referring to Trump's signature motto, "Make America Great Again." "I call myself America First.” Other Republicans, on and off Capitol Hill, have expressed frustration that Trump and the GOP aren't doing enough to address Americans' concerns about affordability. But in recent days, Trump has pointed to lower gas prices, and he issued an executive order directing his administration to investigate anti-competitive behavior that could affect food supply chains. He’s secured the border; tackled Biden’s inflation crisis; lowered drug prices; ended taxes on tips, overtime, and social security; cooled inflation; deported criminal illegal aliens; implemented important reforms putting American workers first; and more," White House spokeswoman Abigail Jackson said in a statement Sunday night. Her decision came after she broke with Trump and other party leaders and signed a bipartisan discharge petition that forced a successful vote in the House to compel the release of the government’s files on Jeffrey Epstein. Trump slammed Greene, a conservative hard-liner who at one point had been one of his most vocal defenders on Capitol Hill, as “Marjorie Traitor Greene.” When Greene complained that she was receiving death threats because of Trump, he dismissed her worries: “I don’t think her life is in danger. I don’t think anybody cares about her.” In the "60 Minutes" interview, Greene said that as Trump was fighting the release of the Epstein files and calling her a traitor, he was taking meetings with controversial foreign leaders and New York's mayor-elect, Zohran Mamdani. and I won’t allow the system to abuse me anymore.” Greene recounted a phone call in which Trump tried to persuade her to back off the discharge petition effort involving the Epstein files. The Epstein bill got to the floor, and all but one House member voted for Trump’s Justice Department to release the files; the Senate passed the bill unanimously, and Trump quietly signed it into law. She said she sent Trump messages she had received threatening her son’s life and described Trump’s response as “extremely unkind.” She elaborated about their exchange in a thread on X earlier Sunday, saying Trump “responded with harsh accusatory replies and zero sympathy.” “I also sent these threats to [FBI] Director Kash Patel and thankfully he responded with ‘on it’ and I sent these threats to Vice President JD Vance who responded promptly with kindness and sympathy,” Greene posted on X. “But, Lesley, it doesn’t matter how many times I say it, I’ll have face-to-face conversations with people, and I’ll flat-out tell them to their face, and they won’t believe me.

Link: https://www.latimes.com/california/story/2025-12-07/students-formed-human-swastika-san-jose-high-school
Article: A viral image of San José students forming a human swastika while lying on their high school’s football field has roiled the Silicon Valley community and prompted an outcry from the Jewish community. Professionally, I am confident and hopeful that our school community can learn from this moment and emerge stronger and more united.” Advertisement The students who took part in the incident have been identified, but their names will not be made public because of federal law, Silbergeld said. However, the matter has been referred to the San José Police Department, and the district plans to work with the Anti-Defamation League, the Bay Area Jewish Coalition and the Jewish Community Relations Council of the Bay Area to address the fear caused by the event, she said.

Link: https://www.latimes.com/california/story/2025-12-07/father-dies-while-keeping-son-afloat-kayak-overturns-lake-perris
Article: The father, who was not identified by the state agency, died while keeping his 7-year-old son above water during the tragedy, which unfolded Saturday afternoon at Lake Perris State Recreation Area. Witness Michelle Juarez was boating on the lake and heading to the dock when she saw an emergency boat speed in and noticed officers performing CPR on a man with at least one child on board. Something tragic definitely happened.” The 7-year-old was taken by ambulance to a hospital, where his condition was being evaluated and where his father was pronounced dead, according to the state agency.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/thai-airstrikes-hit-cambodia-as-border-conflict-reignites-11171122
Article: What To Know A Thai army spokesman said Cambodian forces had launched attacks on Sunday on the border in Thailand’s Sisaket province and clashes had broken out in several more areas of their 500-mile border on Monday. “The Thai side has begun using aircraft to attack military targets in several areas to deter attacks by Cambodian military fire support weapons,” the Thai army said in a statement. It said that “in the spirit of respecting all agreed agreements and peaceful resolution of disputes in accordance with international law,” Cambodia had not retaliated and it called on an observer mission from the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN), which both countries are members of, to investigate the flare-up “to find the truth and ensure transparency, justice and fairness.” Former Cambodian Prime Minister Hun Sen, who retains immense power over the government and ministry, said Thailand was intent on drawing the Cambodian side into conflict to destroy the July ceasefire. “All frontline forces need to be patient because the invaders are using all kinds of weapons firing at us since yesterday, last night and this morning in order to pull us into retaliation to destroy this ceasefire,” Hun Sen said in a statement on his Facebook page. He said Cambodian commanders had set “a red line to respond.” He did not elaborate but said he had canceled other engagements to be with the prime minister, his son, Hun Manet, who is commanding Cambodian forces. The long-standing dispute between the countries over their border, largely mapped by France when it ruled Cambodia, was reignited in May after an exchange of gunfire that killed a Cambodian soldier. This escalated into clashes in July before talks in Malaysia led to a ceasefire on July 28 which Trump claimed credit for as he touted the impact of sanctions' threats. What People Are Saying The Thai army said: “The Thai side responded in accordance with the rules of force and is expediting support for the evacuation of citizens in border areas.” The Cambodian defense ministry said: “Cambodian forces did not return fire and are continuing to monitor the development with the utmost care and care.” This is a breaking news story.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nba/lakers-luka-doncic-passes-nikola-jokic-historic-nba-list-11171117
Article: While the NBA world will rightfully rave over the superstar takeover from LeBron James in the clutch time, Luka Doncic quietly moved up an NBA historic list, surpassing the Denver Nuggets superstar, Nikola Jokic, and the future Hall of Famer, Russell Westbrook.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nfl/bears-hc-ben-johnson-gives-nfl-playoffs-reality-check-after-packers-loss-11171072
Article: The Chicago Bears suffered a disappointing loss to the Green Bay Packers on Sunday, allowing their division rivals to take control of the NFC North after Chicago's brief stay at the top. Read more: Packers’ Matt LaFleur Has Blunt Response on Ben Johnson Postgame Moment After the game, head coach Ben Johnson spoke about his team's challenge as they move forward, with four more games left on their regular-season schedule. The Bears coach claimed his quarterback, Caleb Williams, "put his Superman cape on" several times during the game to get away and make plays, and called his team a "prideful" group that kept fighting.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/entertainment/trump-hosts-kennedy-center-honors-in-historic-first-photos-11170989
Article: Trump presented the 2025 Kennedy Center honorees with their medals during a Saturday ceremony in the Oval Office, calling the group "perhaps the most accomplished and renowned class" ever assembled.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/kyle-tucker-projected-to-sign-league-altering-contract-at-winter-meetings-11170908
Article: Our top five free agents all agree to new contracts next week and avoid the game of contract chicken as spring training approaches." There's nothing holding Tucker back from signing a massive contract this month.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/ncaa/byu-miami-college-football-playoff-posts-11171042
Article: BYU then compared the resumes of Miami, Notre Dame and the Cougars: "Objectively, how do you defend this: Miami (10–2) – ESPN SOS: 45 – ESPN SOR: 14 – Did not play for a conference championship – Losses: Two 8–4 teams (SMU, Louisville) BYU (11–2) – ESPN SOS: 22 – ESPN SOR: 9 – Played in the Big 12 championship – Losses: No. 4 Texas Tech on the road & in the Big 12 title game "Notre Dame (10–2) – ESPN SOS: 44 – ESPN SOR: 13 – Did not play for a conference championship – Losses: Miami (who lost to two 8–4 teams) & No. 7 Texas A&M." During his appearance on ESPN on Sunday, CFP committee member Hunter Yurachek argued that BYU's significant loss to Texas Tech was the reason the Hurricanes bumped them. "We felt like the way BYU performed in their championship game, a second loss to Texas Tech in a similar fashion, was worthy of Miami moving ahead of them in the rankings," Yurachek said.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/yankees-predicted-to-trade-for-cardinals-33-year-old-former-star-11170847
Article: With Paul Goldschmidt set to test free agency after a short stint with the New York Yankees, the team could look to trade for another veteran first baseman this offseason. "Once the Cardinals traded Sonny Gray to the Red Sox, parting ways with both Nolan Arenado and Willson Contreras became exponentially more of a 'when?' situation than an 'if?' proposition," Miller wrote Sunday. "For Contreras, certainly Boston would be interested, but the Yankees almost make too much sense, given their affinity in recent years for bringing in first basemen who are already into their mid-30s. The Bronx Bombers also have a stockpile of pitching prospects, which the Cardinals need badly enough to potentially retain a significant chunk of the $41.5M remaining on his deal." This wouldn't be the first time New York traded for a veteran first baseman. Contreras may not be the All-Star that he was back when he played for the Chicago Cubs, but the 33-year-old still slashed .257/.344/.447 with 20 home runs and a career-high 80 RBIs this season and could be a solid contributor for the Yankees.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/trump-reacts-to-netflix-deal-says-ted-sarandos-has-done-incredible-job-11170990
Article: Why It Matters Netflix has agreed an $83 billion takeover of Warner Bros Discovery's TV and film studios, in a deal that hands one of Hollywood's most prized assets to the streaming giant. The president also said the deal will “have to go through a process” and that economists would need to weigh in, adding: “I’ll be involved in that decision too.” What To Know Netflix and Warner Bros. On a Friday conference call with Wall Street analysts about the deal, Sarandos acknowledged that some observers were “surprised” the company is making such a large purchase after years of focusing on building rather than buying. But he argued it is a “rare opportunity” that will help Netflix achieve its mission “to entertain the world and to bring people together through great stories,” while stressing that the streamer “can’t stand still” in a world of exploding consumer choice. Sarandos also pointed to Netflix’s evolution from a DVD-by-mail service into a streaming platform that later moved into original programming and live events, saying the company needs to keep “innovating and investing in stories that matter most to audiences” and that the Warner Bros. He had a company that was very troubled seven or eight years ago, and he took it over, and he’s really done a legendary job.” Cinema United, a group representing theater owners, said the proposed acquisition: "Poses an unprecedented threat to the global exhibition business. Discovery boss David Zaslav said on Friday: "Today’s announcement combines two of the greatest storytelling companies in the world to bring to even more people the entertainment they love to watch the most." ... What Happens Next Trump told reporters the deal will have to go through “a process,” signaling a lengthy review by regulators before Netflix can close its purchase of Warner Bros.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/mlb/mets-want-to-cut-ties-with-all-star-after-2-shaky-seasons-report-11170585
Article: When Senga is playing well, he is one of the best pitchers in baseball, but the last two years have been shaky, which is why the Mets may be ready to part ways.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/phillies-predicted-to-cut-ties-with-100m-all-star-in-trade-with-nl-club-11170815
Article: "The Rockies are by no means going to be chasing victories in 2026, but they’ve got to at least field a team made up of real human beings," Treuden wrote. "If they’re able to pull off a deal with the Phillies where they can land a prospect alongside Castellanos in exchange for taking on his whole 2026 salary, things start to make a bit more sense.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nfl/green-bay-packers-matt-lafleur-pointed-shot-nfl-referees-11171030
Article: Matt LaFleur and the Green Bay Packers were able to take care of business against the Chicago Bears in Week 14, pulling out a hard-fought 28-21 victory to take back the lead in the NFC North division race. Read more: Steelers HC Mike Tomlin Could Make Surprising Career Change Throughout the course of the game, there were multiple calls and non-calls be the referees that drew frustration from Green Bay fans. Read more: Vikings’ Justin Jefferson Doesn’t Hold Back After Win Over Commanders Next up for Green Bay will be a very difficult road matchup against the Denver Broncos in Week 15. If the Packers can win that game, they will set themselves up nicely for a chance to potentially lock up the NFC North division title with a win over the Bears.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/mlb/phillies-kyle-schwarber-receives-4-year-offer-from-surprising-team-report-11170988
Article: MLB.com’s Mark Feinsand reported earlier this offseason that the Pirates are looking to increase their payroll and may be a dark horse to sign one of the big-name free agents this winter.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nfl/packers-matt-lafleur-has-blunt-response-on-ben-johnson-postgame-moment-11170975
Article: Certainly with what's at stake in the NFC North, that's all that matters," he said, also praising Chicago as "a really good football team." With their first game against the Bears resulting in a victory, LaFleur spoke about moving forward to face their next opponent. According to the Packers coach, the team had "a lot of stuff to clean up" after their victory, based on how he thought they might pull away in the second half and didn't. “There’s four weeks left, and you gotta take it day by day,” he said, adding, “It’s not gonna be easy from here on out.” Read more: Colts Coach Offers Bleak Injury Update on Daniel Jones After Jaguars Game For more about the Green Bay Packers and the NFL, visit Newsweek Sports.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/zohran-mamdani-posts-video-on-immigrant-rights-amid-ice-raids-11170893
Article: Mamdani, who will be sworn in as mayor on January 1, vowed to protect the city's 3 million immigrants, stating "We can all stand up to ICE if you know your rights." Newsweek has reached out to Mamdani's office and ICE for comment. Why It Matters The video marks an early indication of how Mamdani plans to navigate tensions between New York City's sanctuary city policies and President Donald Trump administration's federal immigration enforcement operations. Mamdani, who will become New York City's first Muslim mayor, secured 50.4 percent of the vote and defeated former Governor Andrew Cuomo in both the Democratic primary and general election. Scott Mechkowski, a retired ICE agent who worked for the agency from the mid-1990s until 2019, dismissed Mamdani's stance as campaign strategy, previously telling Newsweek that mayors cannot stop the federal government from executing its mandated duties. What People Are Saying Zohran Mamdani says in the video: "New York will always welcome immigrants, and I will fight each and every day to protect, support, and celebrate our immigrant brothers and sisters." Mamdani on resistance against Trump's immigration plans: "If you want to pursue your promise to create the single largest deportation force in American history, or your promise to persecute and punish your political enemies, then you will have to get through me to do that here in New York City." What Happens Next Mamdani will be sworn in as New York City's mayor on January 1.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nfl/browns-shedeur-sanders-sends-clear-message-on-jerry-jeudy-dispute-11170915
Article: No matter what happens, good, bad, or ugly, we all stay together." After the game, Sanders called it "truly exciting" to connect with Jeudy on the big touchdown pass and felt good that his one decision could bring some happiness to his teammate in that special moment.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/how-to-watch-texans-vs-chiefs-live-stream-nfl-sunday-night-football-tv-channel-11170387
Article: Stroud and the Houston Texans face Patrick Mahomes and the Kansas City Chiefs in Week 14 of the NFL season on Sunday Night Football at GEHA Field at Arrowhead Stadium. How to Watch Texans vs Chiefs When: Sunday, December 7, 2025 Time: 8:20 PM ET TV Channel: NBC watch now ) Live Stream: Peacock ( The Texans come in riding a hot streak. Houston’s defense ranks among the NFL’s best this year, allowing just 265.7 yards per game and roughly 16.5 points per game, which makes it the stingiest unit in the league. The Chiefs’ offense, led by veteran signal‑caller Patrick Mahomes, remains one of the NFL’s most dangerous when healthy, with strong red‑zone efficiency and playmakers that can flip a game in a moment. On defense, Kansas City will need to stay disciplined, limit turnovers, and keep Houston’s ground‑and‑short passing game contained; otherwise, the Texans could control tempo and keep the Chiefs off balance.

Link: https://abc7.com/post/top-armed-services-rep-adam-smith-says-sept-2-caribbean-boat-strike-video-would-show-republicans-description-completely-false/18262257/
Article: "Any claim that the drugs had somehow survived that attack is hard, hard to really square with what we saw." Smith called the video "deeply disturbing" and said "it did not appear that these two survivors were in any position to continue the fight." That's counter to how Hegseth and Republican Sen. Cotton told reporters he had no doubt about the legality of the strike and said he "saw two survivors trying to flip a boat loaded with drugs bound for the United States back over so they could stay in the fight." On Saturday, Hegseth recounted what he had been told about the subsequent strike. It was going where the current was going to take it, and these two were trying to figure out how to survive." President Donald Trump has said the administration would have "no problem" releasing the video of the strike in question, but Hegseth was noncommittal when asked Saturday. Eric Schmitt, a Republican member of the Armed Services Committee who has not seen the video, defended the administration in a separate interview on "This Week." "The fact is, these cartels now, because the southern border is closed, they've gone to the high seas. We've had regular briefings about it." Schmitt argued the criticism from Democrats amounts to "politics and trying to take out Secretary Hegseth." On Saturday, Hegseth said designating cartels as terrorist organizations makes them a "target" just like al-Qaida. military is unprecedented, and something that ought to be concerning to all of the American people," Smith, the top Armed Services Democrat, said on "This Week." Schmitt, however, insisted the strikes are legal. Trump's pardon of Honduran ex-president Schmitt was also asked about Trump's decision to pardon Juan Orlando Hernandez, the former president of Honduras, who was serving a 45-year sentence in the United States on multiple counts of drug and weapons trafficking in 2024. "I'm not familiar with the facts or circumstances, but I think what's telling here is to try to imply that somehow President Trump is soft on, on drug smuggling is just ridiculous," Schmitt said. He's the - he's provided border security like we've never seen before." But pressed by Stephanopoulos on whether he supported the pardon, Schmitt said that the discussion about Hernandez was a distraction from the administration's military campaign against alleged drug trafficking in the Caribbean Sea and Pacific Ocean. "This attempt to try to focus on a pardon is classic because you've lost the debate now on the narco-terrorist question." But Smith said that he believed the pardon was part of the administration's bid to exert additional control on South American politics. "It's more about what Trump released with their national security strategy a couple days ago, three days ago now, where he wants to assert dominance over the Western hemisphere," Smith said. "The Honduras thing seems to have to do with the presidential election that's going on down there and the party that supports Trump or the party that doesn't support Trump," he added.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/somalias-poets-hope-alive-storytelling-peace-128198773
Article: There may be no higher art in Somalia than oral poetry, which is recited in the most remote outposts and even by militants MOGADISHU, Somalia -- In a theater where a suicide bomber detonated years ago, Hassan Barre stepped forward to offer a different hallmark of Somalia: poetry. His message echoed in the largely empty hall of the National Theater in Mogadishu, the capital, where aging poets in austere suits gather to share verses and recall the good old days. Somalis, after all, are often described as "a nation of poets." Their work often venerates pastoral well-being and the traditional roles of men and women in the predominantly Islamic society. We expect them to treat us the way we used to be treated.” Daud Aweis, Somalia's culture minister, said poets still play “a vital role in Somali society, serving as a foundational pillar for cultural vitality, individual well-being and peaceful coexistence." While his ministry provides limited funding for culture and the arts at the National Theater, "the long-term goal is to expand support,” he told the AP. Months later, however, a suicide bomber blew herself up at the theater during a speech by the prime minister, killing the head of Somalia’s Olympic committee and at least seven others.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/japan-revises-economic-data-show-bigger-contraction-july-128197736
Article: (AP Photo/Mark Schiefelbein) TOKYO -- Japan’s economy contracted at an annual pace of 2.3% in the July-September period, the government reported Monday, as exports suffered from the impact of U.S. The decline in Japan’s gross domestic product, or the sum value of its goods and services, translates to a 0.6% on-quarter fall, and marked a lowered revision from the preliminary data released last month, which had shown a drop of 1.8% at an annual rate, or 0.4% on-quarter, according to the Cabinet Office. Exports dropped 1.2% in the quarter compared to the previous quarter, unchanged from the preliminary figure, while private residential investment fell 8.2%, slightly less than the 9.4% fall seen in the earlier data.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/thailand-launches-airstrikes-border-cambodia-tensions-reignite-128198414
Article: Thailand launched airstrikes along the disputed border with Cambodia on Monday as both sides accused the other of attacking first By JINTAMAS SASORNCHAI Associated Press and SOPHENG CHEANG Associated Press In this photo released by Royal Thai Army, a wounded Thai soldier is carried to be transferred to a hospital in Sisaket province, Thailand, Sunday, Dec. (Royal Thai Army via AP) In this photo released by Royal Thai Army, a wounded Thai soldier is carried to be transferred to a hospital in Sisaket province, Thailand, Sunday, Dec. The U.S.-brokered ceasefire that ended the brief conflict was threatened last month after Thai troops were injured by land mines, leading Thailand to announce that it would indefinitely suspending the implementation of the agreement.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/wildfires-destroy-40-homes-kill-firefighter-australia-128198023
Article: A firefighter has died while battling wildfires that have destroyed around 40 homes in two Australian states Firefighters ensure there are no flames left after a wildfire destroyed houses in Koolewong, Australia, Saturday, Dec. The 59-year-old man was struck by a falling tree Sunday night while fighting a wildfire near the New South Wales town of Bulahdelah that had razed 3,500 hectares (8,650 acres) of woodlands and destroyed four homes over the weekend, Rural Fire Service Commissioner Trent Curtin said. In the island state of Tasmania, 19 homes had been destroyed by a weekend wildfire in the coastal community of Dolphin Sands, local government official Dick Shaw told Australian Broadcasting Corp. The fire had been contained by Monday, but the road to the community remained closed and it was not yet safe for residents to return to their homes, Shaw said.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Business/wireStory/japan-revises-economic-data-show-bigger-contraction-july-128197737
Article: (AP Photo/Mark Schiefelbein) TOKYO -- Japan’s economy contracted at an annual pace of 2.3% in the July-September period, the government reported Monday, as exports suffered from the impact of U.S. The decline in Japan’s gross domestic product, or the sum value of its goods and services, translates to a 0.6% on-quarter fall, and marked a lowered revision from the preliminary data released last month, which had shown a drop of 1.8% at an annual rate, or 0.4% on-quarter, according to the Cabinet Office. Exports dropped 1.2% in the quarter compared to the previous quarter, unchanged from the preliminary figure, while private residential investment fell 8.2%, slightly less than the 9.4% fall seen in the earlier data.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Entertainment/wireStory/somalias-poets-hope-alive-storytelling-peace-128198774
Article: There may be no higher art in Somalia than oral poetry, which is recited in the most remote outposts and even by militants MOGADISHU, Somalia -- In a theater where a suicide bomber detonated years ago, Hassan Barre stepped forward to offer a different hallmark of Somalia: poetry. His message echoed in the largely empty hall of the National Theater in Mogadishu, the capital, where aging poets in austere suits gather to share verses and recall the good old days. Somalis, after all, are often described as "a nation of poets." Their work often venerates pastoral well-being and the traditional roles of men and women in the predominantly Islamic society. We expect them to treat us the way we used to be treated.” Daud Aweis, Somalia's culture minister, said poets still play “a vital role in Somali society, serving as a foundational pillar for cultural vitality, individual well-being and peaceful coexistence." While his ministry provides limited funding for culture and the arts at the National Theater, "the long-term goal is to expand support,” he told the AP. Months later, however, a suicide bomber blew herself up at the theater during a speech by the prime minister, killing the head of Somalia’s Olympic committee and at least seven others.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nba/magic-johnson-names-his-clear-favorite-for-nba-mvp-11171143
Article: We’re nearing the two-month mark of the 2025 NBA season, and while we're only about a quarter of the way through with plenty of basketball left, NBA Hall of Famer Magic Johnson believes there’s already a clear frontrunner for league MVP. Johnson, who stays very active on X, shared his thoughts after watching his former team—the Los Angeles Lakers—pull out an impressive 112-108 win over a fully healthy Philadelphia 76ers squad. More news: Hornets Looking to Trade Controversial $75 Million Star By Deadline More news: How to Watch Warriors vs Bulls: Live Stream NBA, TV Channel Doncic finished with 31 points, 15 rebounds, and 11 assists, continuing his dominant campaign and helping the Lakers improve to 17–6. Johnson believes Doncic is the clear MVP favorite over Nikola Jokic, Shai Gilgeous-Alexander, and several others, while also praising veteran LeBron James, who scored a season-high 29 points, including 10 straight in the fourth quarter. "LeBron James was nothing short of spectacular, scoring [10 straight points] in the 4th quarter (including three straight 3-pointers) and finishing with 29 total points tonight to defeat the Philadelphia 76ers 112-108! This season, across 36.9 minutes per game, Doncic is putting up remarkable numbers: 35.3 points, 8.9 rebounds, 8.9 assists, and 1.6 steals per game, while shooting 47.8% from the field and 34.1% from beyond the arc.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/nation-world/vans-kpop-demon-hunters-collab-on-sale/507-e7fa98a9-7f7b-4fad-9757-f985db731e41
Article: Suite #1743, Orlando, FL 32821 Sawgrass Mills - 12801 W Sunrise Blvd, Space 717, Sunrise, FL 33323 Las Americas Premium Outlets - 4211 Camino De La Plaza, San Diego, CA 92173 Citadel - 100 Citadel Dr Space 218, Commerce, CA 90040 Camarillo - 630 Ventura Blvd Suite 1209, Camarillo, CA 93010 Carlsbad Company - 5630 Paseo Del Norte Space D117, Carlsbad, CA 92008 Ontario Mills - 1 Mills Cir Suite 302, Ontario CA 92764 Cabazon - 48400 Seminole Dr #626, Cabazon, CA 92230 N. Suite #1743, Orlando, FL 32821 San Francisco Premium Outlets - 3314 Livermore Outlets Dr, Livermore CA 94551 Jersey Gardens - 651 Kapkowski Rd Suite #1094, Elizabeth, NJ 07201 Woodbury Prem Outlets - 668 Bluebird Ct, Central Valley, NY 10917 Outlets at Orange - 20 City Blvd Space 1030, Orange, CA 92868 "KPop Demon Hunters" revolves around a fictional band called HUNTR/X made up of superstars Rumi, Mira, and Zoey, who protect their fans by slaying demons.

Link: https://abc13.com/post/fort-bend-county-drivers-will-pay-more-use-toll-roads-new-year/18262251/
Article: Fort Bend County drivers will pay more to use toll roads in new year When residents ring in the new year, they can expect to see a bigger tab if they hop on the Westpark tollway, Grand Parkway, and Fort Bend Parkway. According to the Fort Bend County Toll Road Authority, for drivers with toll tags on two-axle vehicles, the Grand Park will jump from 46 to 47 cents, the Fort Bend Parkway will go from 75 to 77 cents, and Westpark tolls will go from 82 to 84 cents. "Not only do I have to deal with the Fort Bend tollway, I have to deal with the Beltway 8, too, so I have to deal with two ways, and now Fort Bend is about to increase it," Fort Bend County resident Jarious Richardson said.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cn815egjqjpo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Trump says $72bn Netflix-Warner Bros deal 'could be a problem' 18 minutes ago Share Save Osmond Chia Business reporter Share Save Getty Images President Trump spoke to reporters at a John F Kennedy Center event on Sunday US President Donald Trump has flagged potential concerns over Netflix's planned $72bn (£54bn) deal to buy Warner Brothers Discovery's movie studio and popular HBO streaming networks. On Friday, the two companies said they had reached an agreement to bring Warner Brothers' franchises like Harry Potter and Game of Thrones to Netflix, creating a new media giant. The US Justice Department's competition division, which oversees major mergers, could contend that the deal violates the law if the combined businesses account for too much of the streaming market. At an event at the John F Kennedy Center in the US capital, Trump said that Netflix has a "very big market share" which would "go up by a lot" if the deal goes ahead.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/8/stop-killing-us-huge-crowds-rally-in-brazil-decrying-rise-in-femicide?traffic_source=rss
Article: Women of all ages and some men took to the streets in Rio de Janeiro, Sao Paulo and other cities on Sunday, calling for an end to femicide, rape and misogyny. I want changes in the legislation and new protocols to prevent this kind of crime from happening again.” The protesters also denounced other shocking cases that took place last month in Sao Paulo and in the southern city of Florianopolis. In Sao Paulo on November 28, Taynara Souza Santos was run over by her ex-boyfriend and trapped by the car, which dragged her over concrete for one kilometre (0.6 mile). And in Florianopolis on November 21, English teacher Catarina Kasten was raped and strangled to death on a trail next to a beach on her way to a swimming lesson. “I have suffered many forms of abuses, and today, I am here to show our voice.” A decade ago, Brazil passed a law recognising the crime of femicide, defined as the death of a woman in the domestic sphere or as resulting from contempt for women. “We’re seeing an increase in numbers, but also in the intensity and cruelty of violence,” said Juliana Martins, an expert in gender-based violence and institutional relations manager at the Brazilian Forum on Public Safety. In Rio, Lizete de Paula, 79, said men who hate women had felt empowered during the term of former President Jair Bolsonaro, who dismantled public policies aimed at strengthening women’s rights. Joao Pedro Cordao, a 45-year-old father of three daughters, said men have a duty to stand with women by calling out misogyny, not only at protests but in day-to-day life.

Link: https://www.morningbrew.com/stories/2025/12/08/kei-cars-for-a-k-shaped-economy?utm_source=&utm_medium=syndication&utm_campaign=feed
Article: On Friday, President Trump posted to Truth Social, “I have just approved TINY CARS to be built in America.” He was referring to kei cars, which he said last week might solve the auto affordability crisis in America. By comparison, the last gas-powered Smart Car that was sold new in the US before Mercedes-Benz stopped offering them stateside is too big and powerful to be considered a kei car in Japan, according to Car and Driver. Transportation Secretary Sean Duffy told CNBC that kei cars are “probably not” for anyone who wants to drive on a freeway, but, “If there’s a market for those vehicles, I want to give our manufacturers the opportunity to build those cars.” Big picture: “The auto market in the United States is going toward bigger, more luxurious cars,” David Friedman, the former acting administrator of the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration, told the New York Times.

Link: https://www.morningbrew.com/stories/2025/12/08/things-are-going-bananas-at-apple?utm_source=&utm_medium=syndication&utm_campaign=feed
Article: It may get worse: Bloomberg reports that Johny Srouji, the senior VP of hardware tech, who runs Apple’s in-house chips effort, has also told Cook he’s considering a change of scenery, though Apple is trying to figure out a way to keep him around. AI is costing jobs…with a twist Giannandrea, the AI chief, was pushed out after Apple struggled to leverage its hardware advantages into Siri (let alone Apple Intelligence) dominance, ceding the chatbot lead to OpenAI’s ChatGPT and Google’s Gemini.

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/12/08/g-s1-101134/thailand-airstrikes-cambodia
Article: Thailand launches airstrikes along border with Cambodia as tensions reignite toggle caption AP/Royal Thai Army BANGKOK — Thailand launched airstrikes along the disputed border with Cambodia on Monday as both sides accused the other of breaking a ceasefire that halted fighting earlier this year. The Thai ministry of defense said that more than 35,000 people have left areas near the border for shelters and more are believed to have fled to stay with relatives elsewhere, while Cambodia's Information Minister Neth Pheaktra said that residents of several villages near the border have been evacuated. Sponsor Message Fighting follows exchange of fire on Sunday The ceasefire was strained in early November after Thai troops were injured by land mines, leading Thailand to announce that it would indefinitely suspend implementation of the agreement. The prime minister of regional neighbor Malaysia, Anwar Ibrahim, called for restraint in a statment posted to social media and said that his country is ready to supports efforts to avert further fighting.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/wireStory/redistricting-indiana-faces-ultimate-test-state-senate-128199998
Article: (AP Photo/Darron Cummings, file) A proposal to redraw Indiana's congressional boundaries faces its first public test in the state Senate on Monday, with no clarity on whether it can pass a final vote later in the week despite months of pressure from President Donald Trump. The map introduced just last Monday and passed by the Republican super majority in the state House on Friday splits the city of Indianapolis into four districts, distributed across other Republican-leaning areas. After the leader of the state Senate, Republican Rodric Bray, said the chamber would reject the governor's call for a special session on redistricting, Trump repeatedly lashed out at Bray and other state Senators on social media.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/liveblog/2025/12/8/live-syria-marks-one-year-since-fall-of-bashar-al-assad?traffic_source=rss
Article: blinking-dot Live updates Live updates, LIVE: Syria marks one year since fall of Bashar al-Assad Syria is marking one year since the fall of longtime ruler Bashar al-Assad after nearly 14 years of war.

Link: https://www.latimes.com/sports/story/2025-12-07/jeff-kent-voted-into-hall-of-fame-dodgers-giants-mets-home-runs-second-baseman
Article: An exception was Jeff Kent, who Sunday received 14 of 16 possible votes by the Contemporary Baseball Era Committee, the only player among eight on the ballot with enough for induction into Cooperstown. With unmatched power as a second baseman and an unrelenting approach to his craft, Kent was a Dodger for the last four seasons of his 17-year career, solidifying his Hall of Fame credentials statistically while also serving as a curmudgeonly leader on a roster crowded with young stars such as Matt Kemp, Russell Martin, Andre Ethier and James Loney. I love the game.” The son of a motorcycle police officer and a product of Huntington Beach Edison High, Kent became emotional during a news conference at the 2005 MLB Winter Meetings when it was announced that he’d signed a two-year, $17 million contract with the Dodgers. This team has that mentality.” Dodgers Fernando Valenzuela falls short of induction into National Baseball Hall of Fame Former Dodgers left-hander Fernando Valenzuela did not get the sufficient number of votes needed from the Contemporary Baseball Era Committee, which revealed its votes on Sunday night. The Dodgers never won a World Series during Kent’s tenure, but he quickly fell into the role of a veteran leader, making himself available to the media after tough losses to shield younger players from the glare. Advertisement He said what was on his mind, sometimes to a fault, once suggesting that legendary Dodgers broadcaster Vin Scully “talks too much.” Maybe that’s why Kent getting the Hall of Fame nod from a list of candidates that included all-time home run leader Barry Bonds, 354-game winner Roger Clemens, 509-home run slugger Gary Sheffield, 1980s stars Don Mattingly and Dale Murphy, and Dodgers icon Fernando Valenzuela was unexpected. He batted a career-best .334 with 33 homers and 125 runs batted in that season and drove in more than 100 runs in each of his six seasons batting behind Bonds.

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/12/08/g-s1-101136/tributes-not-politics-play-center-stage-as-president-trump-hosts-the-kennedy-center-honors-ceremony
Article: Tributes, not politics, play center stage as President Trump hosts the Kennedy Center honors ceremony toggle caption Kevin Wolf/AP/FR33460 AP The three living members of the rock band KISS walked onto the red carpet at the Kennedy Center Sunday night. Ahead of the show, Grammer said the Kennedy Center Honors was an event he's respected and participated in for the last few decades, and he praised Trump's interest in investing in the center. Sponsor Message Singer Elle King paid tribute to disco star Gloria Gaynor, calling her Queen of the discotheques, and performing her hit, "I Will Survive." Content creator Montana Tucker introduced the gospel acts performing for Gaynor. He said their signature makeup "made them the most recognizable band." The rock band Cheap Trick was the last to perform, with a rendition of "Rock and Roll All Nite." But it was Trump who closed out the proceedings, telling folks to get home safe.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/redistricting-indiana-faces-ultimate-test-state-senate-128199997
Article: (AP Photo/Darron Cummings, file) A proposal to redraw Indiana's congressional boundaries faces its first public test in the state Senate on Monday, with no clarity on whether it can pass a final vote later in the week despite months of pressure from President Donald Trump. The map introduced just last Monday and passed by the Republican super majority in the state House on Friday splits the city of Indianapolis into four districts, distributed across other Republican-leaning areas. After the leader of the state Senate, Republican Rodric Bray, said the chamber would reject the governor's call for a special session on redistricting, Trump repeatedly lashed out at Bray and other state Senators on social media.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Business/wireStory/chinas-exports-grow-59-november-us-shipments-drop-128199543
Article: China's exports returned to growth in November after an unexpected contraction in October, climbing 5.9% from a year earlier FILE - Vehicles and trucks for export wait for transportation from a port in Yantai in eastern China's Shandong province on Jan. (Chinatopix via AP, File) HONG KONG -- China’s exports returned to growth in November following an unexpected contraction the month before, although shipments to the United States dropped nearly 29% from a year earlier in an eighth straight month of double-digit declines. “While the trade truce and the U.S.’s tariff reductions should be a positive for Chinese exports, we are now entering a period of unfavorable base effects,” ING Bank economists Lynn Song and Deepali Bhargava wrote in a report, referring to strong growth in exports ahead of U.S. “This should keep trade growth modest.” Last month, China’s factory activity contracted for an eighth straight month according to an official survey, as economists said it was still early to determine whether there was a real rebound in external demand following the U.S.-China trade truce. Morgan Stanley predicts by 2030, China’s market share in global exports will reach 16.5%, up from about 15% currently, fueled by its edge in advanced manufacturing and high-growth sectors such as electric vehicles, robotics and batteries. “Despite persistent trade tensions, continued protectionism, and G20 economies taking up active industrial policies, we believe China will gain more share in the global goods export market,” Morgan Stanley Chief Asia Economist Chetan Ahya said in a recent note.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cy7v53366ejo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Jeremy Bowen: Syria feels lighter without the Assads' crushing weight - but now there are new problems 49 minutes ago Share Save Jeremy Bowen International Editor Share Save BBC A year ago, the war that President Bashar al-Assad seemed to have won was turned upside down. Sharaa's writ does not run in the north-east, where the Kurds are in control, or parts of the south where Syrian Druze, another minority sect, want a separate state backed by their Israeli allies. AFP via Getty Images Sharaa sits between two Syrian flags - Trump called him a 'young attractive tough guy' A year ago, the new masters of Damascus, like most of the armed rebels in Syria, were Sunni Islamists. Sharaa, their leader, had a long history fighting for al-Qaeda in Iraq, where he had been imprisoned by the Americans, and then was a senior commander with the group that became Islamic State. People who had travelled to Idlib to see him said that he had developed a much more pragmatic set of beliefs, better suited to governing Syria, with its spectrum of religious sects. Image of a man who outgrew his jihadist roots In the first week of December last year, it was hard to believe that the HTS offensive was moving so fast. Compare that with the tortured years between 2012 and 2016, when the regime's army and rebel militias had fought for control of the city: that had ended in victory for Assad after Russia's president Vladimir Putin deployed his air force and artillery to add decisive firepower to the regime's ruthless tactics. AFP via Getty Images One year ago - celebrations marking the dawn of a new era for Syria A few days after Assad fled with his family to Russia, I interviewed Syria's victorious new leader in the presidential palace. Among them were dark fears that the jihadist extremists of Islamic State, still existing in sleeper cells, could try to kill him, or cause chaos with mass casualty attacks in Damascus. Getty Images The war that President Bashar al-Assad seemed to have won was turned upside down one year ago As security forces have raided IS cells, the jihadists have killed three soldiers and two former Assad operatives in cities controlled by the government, according to data collected by Charles Lister, a leading commentator on Syria, and published in the newsletter Syria Weekly. Away from the larking around for the cameras, Saudi Arabia as well as western governments see Sharaa as the best bet – the only one – to stabilise a country that sits at the heart of the Middle East. That is because of the lasting scars of half a century of dictatorship and 14 years of a war that started as an uprising against the Assads' oppressive rule and turned into an increasingly sectarian fight. Just the sound of the Alawite accent, especially coming from a man in uniform – or worse, a leather-jacketed operative from one of the regime's intelligence agencies – used to make other Syrians nervous. A spokesman said that "While the interim authorities have taken encouraging steps towards addressing past violations, these steps are only the beginning of what needs to be done." Some Syrians have taken matters into their own hands, along, at times, with government forces. The OHCHR said that the hundreds have been killed over the past year "by the security forces and affiliated groups, elements associated with the former government, local armed groups and unidentified armed individuals". They added: "Other reported violations and abuses include sexual violence, arbitrary detentions, destruction of homes, forced evictions, and restrictions on freedoms of expression and peaceful assembly." Alawite, Druze, Christian and Bedouin communities were mainly affected by the violence, the OHCHR said, which has been fed by rising hate speech both on- and offline. Reuters The UN found that some 1,400 people, predominantly civilians, were reported killed during sectarian violence in Alawite areas in March The UN Syria Commission of Inquiry confirmed it had found no evidence the authorities had ordered the attacks. But the concern was that the Damascus government could not control armed Sunni groups The Israel question It is still not clear whether Sharaa and his interim government are strong enough to survive another crisis as serious as that. He warned that it was "very important that Israel maintain a strong and true dialogue with Syria, and that nothing takes place that will interfere with Syria's evolution into a prosperous state". Khalil's nine-year-old daughter lying on the sofa, recovering from surgery to take a bullet out of her hip The girls' mother, Umm Mohammad, sat with the women of the family, desperately worried about the future.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c05867zv6q8o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Minister admits sharp rise needed to hit 1.5m housing target 45 minutes ago Share Save Sam Francis Political reporter Share Save Getty Images Housing Secretary Steve Reed has admitted there will need to be a sharp surge in housebuilding to meet Labour's promise to build 1.5 million new homes. The government is currently forecast to narrowly miss its target, after the number of new homes started fell from 207,000 to 139,000 after Labour took office - the lowest since the Covid-19 pandemic. Reed, who took over the housing brief three months ago from Angela Rayner, said the government "always" expected "the big increase to come in the latter part of this parliament". Reed insisted the government had already "put in place huge changes" to increase housebuilding, such as the Planning and Infrastructure Bill, currently in its final stages in Parliament, which he said would "dramatically speed up" decision‑making. The government's spending watchdog, the Office for Budget Responsibility (OBR), predicts 1.49 million net additional dwellings will be built during Labour's period in office - 10,000 lower than the government's target. The OBR says the supply of new housing is due to hit a low of 215,000 next year, but it predicts net additions rising sharply to 305,000 in 2029-30, before the next general election. The organisation, which says its members are responsible for building 80% of new homes in England and Wales, said there needed to be more help for first time buyers while attacking a landfill-tax rise it says adds £14,000 to each build. Speaking to the i Paper's housing correspondent Vicky Spratt, who presents the four part series, he said "anything less would have been seen as unambitious in the context of the housing crisis we face". You can listen to the interview with Steve Reed and Matthew Pennycook on the first episode of Housing Britain on Monday at 11.00 on BBC Radio 4 or on BBC Sounds.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/football/articles/clyxdpl657eo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Rooney believes that Slot must now show his authority and not involve Egypt international Salah in Tuesday's Champions League game at Inter Milan or next Saturday's home match with Brighton. "Arne Slot has to show his authority and pull him in and say 'you are not travelling with the team, what you said is not acceptable'," said Rooney in his latest podcast episode. If I was him there would be no way he would be in the team." Rooney said Salah needed to either iron out his differences with Slot, or leave Liverpool.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/08/european-markets-on-dec-8-2025-stoxx-600-dax-ftse-fed-decision.html
Article: The Fed is widely expected to cut its key interest rate at its final meeting of the year, with traders pricing in around an 87% chance of a 25-basis-point cut this Wednesday when the central bank concludes its two-day meeting, according to the CME FedWatch tool. The Swiss National Bank will deliver its latest policy update on Thursday and next week we'll get rate decisions from the Bank of England and European Central Bank on Dec.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/8/are-israel-hamas-entering-the-second-phase-of-the-ceasefire?traffic_source=rss
Article: Hamas is expected to hand over the body of the last Israeli captive held in Gaza in the coming days and has commented that it would be open to discussing “freezing” its weapons to facilitate entering the second phase of the ceasefire. However, Israel has been attacking Gaza throughout the first phase, killing at least 360 Palestinians, and still restricts the entry of aid, with quantities allowed in far below what was agreed. Since the ceasefire began on October 10, Israel has broken it more than 590 times, killing at least 360 Palestinians, and sending the total death toll in Gaza from two years of attacks above 70,000. Under the first phase – based on US President Donald Trump’s 20-point peace plan – Israel was required to halt its genocidal war on Gaza, pull back its troops, allow aid in, and exchange hundreds of Palestinian detainees for the remaining captives still held in Gaza. Throughout Israel’s genocidal war on Gaza, Israeli officials have been pledging to “destroy” Hamas and claiming that Israeli bombardment, which has killed mostly civilians according to Israel’s own tally, was to achieve that. Hamas accuses Israel of pushing the yellow line further into Gaza “daily”, displacing those who find themselves on the wrong side and killing Palestinians, including children, approaching the unclear boundary. A full Israeli blockade on Gaza this year led to an engineered famine that was recognised by the UN-backed Integrated Food Security Phase Classification (IPC) in Gaza City in August. “A big portion of the goods coming in is commercial [not humanitarian] – meaning that big aid agencies, including UNRWA, aren’t getting there,” said Tamara Alrifai, the director of external relations for Gaza’s principal aid agency, UNRWA. “Israel has never had a leader in a weaker position, so the US will never have a better chance of pushing their deal through,” Yossi Mekelberg, a senior consulting fellow at Chatham House, said, listing the threats to the PM that Trump’s support might save him from. Meanwhile, Trump and his inexperienced political negotiators drawn from outside of the US’s diplomatic core find themselves negotiating a settlement to both the genocide in Gaza and the war in Ukraine. And, whatever deal is agreed upon, Israel is almost certain to continue to attack Gaza whenever it likes, much as it does in the occupied West Bank, Lebanon, Syria, and elsewhere in the region.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/video/newsfeed/2025/12/8/humza-yusaf-says-israel-deliberately-destroyed-gazas-education-system?traffic_source=rss
Article: NewsFeed Humza Yusaf says Israel deliberately destroyed Gaza’s education system Former Scottish First Minister Humza Yousaf told Al Jazeera that Israel is carrying out what he calls a “scholasticide” in Gaza, arguing that the destruction of schools and the wider education system is deliberate and part of a broader effort to erase Palestinian society.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/video/witness/2025/12/8/searching-for-amani-a-boy-investigates-his-fathers-death-in-kenya?traffic_source=rss
Article: Armed with his video camera and an unwavering desire for truth, Simon and his best friend Haron embark on a perilous journey to uncover the secrets behind his father’s death.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/aid-coordination-agency-cuts-appeal-2026-33b-after-128200375
Article: The U.N.’s humanitarian aid coordinator is downsizing its appeal for annual funding in 2026 after support this year — mostly from Western governments — plunged to the lowest level in a decade FILE - Women displaced from El-Fasher stand in line to receive food aid at the newly established El-Afadh camp in Al Dabbah, in Sudan's Northern State, Nov. (AP Photo/Marwan Ali, File) FILE - Women displaced from El-Fasher stand in line to receive food aid at the newly established El-Afadh camp in Al Dabbah, in Sudan's Northern State, Nov. (AP Photo/Marwan Ali, File) GENEVA -- The U.N.'s humanitarian aid coordination office is downsizing its appeal for annual funding in 2026 after support this year, mostly from Western governments, plunged to the lowest level in a decade. The United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs said Monday it was seeking $33 billion to help some 135 million people cope with fallout from wars, climate disasters, earthquakes, epidemics and food shortages. The office says next year it wants more than $4.1 billion to reach 3 million people in Palestinian areas, another $2.9 billion for Sudan — home to the world's largest displacement crisis — and $2.8 billion for a regional plan around Syria.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/key-gop-senator-objection-releasing-video-strike-killed-128192005
Article: The Republican who leads the Senate Intelligence Committee says a video of a U_S_ military strike on an alleged drug boat in the Caribbean that killed two survivors of the initial attack shows “nothing remarkable." Key GOP senator says he has no objection to releasing video of strike that killed two survivors Sen. Tom Cotton, R-Ark., speaks to reporters following a classified briefing for top congressional lawmakers overseeing national security as they investigate how Defense Secretary Pete Hegseth handled a military strike on a suspected drug smuggling boat and its crew in the Caribbean near Venezuela Sept. military strike on an alleged drug boat in the Caribbean that killed two survivors of the initial attack shows “nothing remarkable,” the Republican who leads the Senate Intelligence Committee said Sunday, and he would not oppose its public release if the Pentagon were to declassify it. Tom Cotton, who backs President Donald Trump’s campaign against suspected drug smugglers, is partially aligning himself with Trump and top Democrats in favor of releasing the video of the Sept. But Cotton, among the top lawmakers on national security committees who were briefed Thursday by the Navy admiral commanding those strikes, is splitting with Democrats over whether military personnel acted lawfully in carrying out a second strike to kill the two survivors. He said he has spent “years looking at videos of lethal action taken, often in the terrorism context, and this video was profoundly shaking.” When Trump was asked Wednesday whether he would release the video of that follow-on strike, he told reporters, “I don’t know what they have, but whatever they have we’d certainly release. “It looks like any number of dozens of strikes we’ve seen on jeeps and pickup trucks in the Middle East over the years.” He added that “there's nothing remarkable on that video, in my opinion.” The classified sessions on Capitol Hill came after The Washington Post reported that Adm. Some legal experts have disputed that the United States is in an official armed conflict with Venezuela, raising questions about the legalities of using American military personnel for what would amount to law enforcement activities that require due process. Cotton said Sunday that two final victims were “not in a shipwrecked state” or “floating helplessly in the water” but instead were “sitting or standing on top of a capsized boat.” Because they were “not incapacitated,” he said, “that boat, its cargo ...

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/anniversary-fall-bashar-assad-syrians-country-struggle-heal-128199999
Article: Mohammad Marwan has been struggling to rebuild his life after being released from Syria’s Saydnaya prison a year ago On anniversary of the fall of Bashar Assad, Syrians and their country struggle to heal Syrian men wearing anonymous masks flash victory signs, as they stand on top of their car with its front window covered by an Islamic flag, during celebrations marking the first anniversary of the ousting of the Bashar Assad regime in Damascus, Sunday, Dec. (AP Photo/Hussein Malla) Syrian men wearing anonymous masks flash victory signs, as they stand on top of their car with its front window covered by an Islamic flag, during celebrations marking the first anniversary of the ousting of the Bashar Assad regime in Damascus, Sunday, Dec. (AP Photo/Hussein Malla) HOMS, Syria -- A year ago, Mohammad Marwan found himself stumbling, barefoot and dazed, out of Syria’s notorious Saydnaya prison on the outskirts of Damascus as rebel forces pushing toward the capital threw open its doors to release the prisoners. Arrested in 2018 for fleeing compulsory military service, the father of three had cycled through four other lockups before landing in Saydnaya, a sprawling complex just north of Damascus that became synonymous with some of the worst atrocities committed under the rule of now ousted President Bashar Assad. He’s now undergoing treatment for tuberculosis and attending therapy sessions at a center in Homs focused on rehabilitating former prisoners, and Marwan said his physical and mental situations have gradually improved. “Now we’ve come back to life.” Marwan's country is also struggling to heal a year after the Assad dynasty’s repressive 50-year reign came to an end following 14 years of civil war that left an estimated half a million people dead, millions more displaced, and the country battered and divided. In late November 2024, groups in the country’s northwest — led by Hayat Tahrir al-Sham, an Islamist rebel group whose then-leader, Ahmad al-Sharaa, is now the country’s interim president — launched an offensive on the city of Aleppo, aiming to take it back from Assad’s forces. But Russia, a longtime Assad ally, did not intervene militarily to defend him and has since established ties with the country's new rulers and maintained its bases on the Syrian coast. Hassan Abdul Ghani, spokesperson for Syrian Ministry of Defense, said HTS and its allies had launched a major organizational overhaul after suffering heavy losses in 2019 and 2020, when Assad’s forces regained control of a number of formerly rebel-controlled areas. The rebel offensive in November 2024 was not initially aimed at seizing Damascus but was meant to preempt an expected offensive by Assad’s forces in opposition-held Idlib, Abdul Ghani said. Launching an attack on Aleppo “was a military solution to expand the radius of the battle and thus safeguard the liberated interior areas.” In timing the attack, the insurgents also aimed to take advantage of the fact that Russia was distracted by its war in Ukraine and that the Iran-backed Lebanese militant group Hezbollah, another Assad ally, was licking its wounds after a damaging war with Israel. Since his sudden ascent to power, al-Sharaa has launched a diplomatic charm offensive, building ties with Western and Arab countries that shunned Assad and that once considered al-Sharaa a terrorist. There are ongoing tensions between the new government in Damascus and Kurdish-led forces controlling the country’s northeast, despite an agreement inked in March that was supposed to lead to a merger of their forces. I would hope they could remove the old destroyed houses and build towers,” said Maher al-Homsi, who is fixing his damaged home to move back to it even though the area doesn't even have a water connection. Bassam Dimashqi, a dentist from Damascus, said of the country after Assad’s fall, “Of course it’s better, there’s freedom of some sort.” But he remains anxious about the still-precarious security situation and its impact on the still-flagging economy.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Business/wireStory/government-waives-part-biden-era-fine-southwest-airlines-128191085
Article: “This credit structure allows for the benefits of the airline’s investment to be realized by the public, rather than resulting in a government monetary penalty.” The fine stemmed from a winter storm in December 2022 that paralyzed Southwest's operations in Denver and Chicago and then snowballed when a crew-rescheduling system couldn’t keep up with the chaos. The Biden administration determined that Southwest had violated the law by failing to help customers who were stranded in airports and hotels, leaving many of them to scramble for other flights. Even before the settlement, the nation’s fourth-biggest airline by revenue said the meltdown cost it more than $1.1 billion in refunds and reimbursements, extra costs and lost ticket sales over several months. “During the last two years, Southwest successfully completed an operational turnaround that directly benefits our customers with industry leading on-time performance and percentage of completed flights without cancellations,” the company said.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Business/wireStory/asian-shares-mixed-ahead-fed-interest-rate-decision-128199453
Article: Shares are mixed in Asia as investors tread cautiously ahead of an interest rate decision this week by the Federal Reserve A currency trader watches monitors near a screen showing the Korea Composite Stock Price Index (KOSPI) at the foreign exchange dealing room of the Hana Bank headquarters in Seoul, South Korea, Monday, Dec. (AP Photo/Ahn Young-joon) A currency trader watches monitors near a screen showing the Korea Composite Stock Price Index (KOSPI) at the foreign exchange dealing room of the Hana Bank headquarters in Seoul, South Korea, Monday, Dec. Japan and Australia urged calm on Sunday after Chinese military aircraft locked radar on Japanese fighter jets, weeks after a remark about Taiwan by Japanese Prime Minister Sanae Takaichi stirred tensions with Beijing. Defense Minister Shinjiro Koizumi said Japan had formally protested the incident, calling it “an extremely regrettable” act and “a dangerous” one that “exceeded the scope necessary for safe aircraft operations.” Tokyo's Nikkei 225 index slipped 0.2% to 50,581.94 after the government reported revised government data showing that Japan’s economy contracted at an annual pace of 2.3% in the July-September period, not the 1.8% annual rate earlier reported. Chinese leaders convened a major annual economic policy planning conference, as the government reported that China's global exports rose 5.9% in November from a year earlier, surpassing $1 trillion so far this year. This week, attention will focus on what the Federal Reserve will do with interest rates, whether too many dollars are flowing into artificial-intelligence technology and if sharp drops for cryptocurrencies would bleed over into other markets. After some back and forth, the widespread expectation among traders is now that the Fed will cut its main interest rate Wednesday in hopes of shoring up the slowing U.S.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Technology/wireStory/stream-brad-pitt-spinal-tap-ii-percy-jackson-128199917
Article: A six-episode, behind-the-scenes Disney+ docuseries about Taylor Swift’s Eras Tour and Rian Johnson’s third “Knives Out” movie, “Wake Up Dead Man,” are some of the new television, films, music and games headed to a device near you This combination of images shows promotional art for the films, "Spinal Tap II: The End Continues," left, "Wake Up Dead Man: A Knives Out Mystery," center, and "F1: The Movie." (Bleecker Street/Netflix/Apple via AP) This combination of images shows promotional art for the films, "Spinal Tap II: The End Continues," left, "Wake Up Dead Man: A Knives Out Mystery," center, and "F1: The Movie." (Bleecker Street/Netflix/Apple via AP) This combination of images shows promotional art for the films, "Spinal Tap II: The End Continues," left, "Wake Up Dead Man: A Knives Out Mystery," center, and "F1: The Movie." (Bleecker Street/Netflix/Apple via AP) This combination of images shows promotional art for the films, "Spinal Tap II: The End Continues," left, "Wake Up Dead Man: A Knives Out Mystery," center, and "F1: The Movie." (Bleecker Street/Netflix/Apple via AP) A six-episode, behind-the-scenes Disney+ docuseries about Taylor Swift’s Eras Tour and Rian Johnson’s third “Knives Out” movie, “Wake Up Dead Man,” are some of the new television, films, music and games headed to a device near you. Also among the streaming offerings worth your time this week, as selected by The Associated Press’ entertainment journalists: Chip and Joanna Gaines take on a big job revamping a small home in the mountains of Colorado, video gamers can skateboard through hell in Sam Eng's Skate Story and Rob Reiner gets the band back together for “Spinal Tap II: The End Continues.” — Rian Johnson’s third “Knives Out” movie, “Wake Up Dead Man” arrives on Netflix on Dec. Religion is at the heart of this installment, which finds Daniel Craig’s dapper detective Benoit Blanc trying to solve the “locked room” murder of Josh Brolin’s Monsignor Jefferson Wicks, a charismatic and terrifying church leader with a devoted set of followers. In his review for The Associated Press, Mark Kennedy called it, “a gloomy and clunky outing that may test fans’ faith in the filmmaker.” — Brad Pitt plays a washed-up driver looking for glory on the racetrack in the Formula One movie “F1,” streaming on Apple TV Friday, Dec. Filmmaker Joseph Kosinski wanted to make it feel as exciting and authentic as possible: In many scenes, it really is Pitt and Damson Idris driving those cars at 180 mph. Film Writer Jake Coyle wrote in his review that it’s, “a fine-tuned machine of a movie that, in its most riveting racing scenes, approaches a kind of high-speed splendor.” — Rob Reiner got the band back together for “Spinal Tap II: The End Continues,” which begins streaming on HBO Max on Friday, Dec. Mark Kennedy wrote in his review that, “Despite some great starry cameos — Paul McCartney’s is easily the best — ‘Spinal Tap II’ leans into the old favorite bits too needily and is suffocated by the constantly looming presence of death, a downer. That’s a six-episode, behind-the-scenes docuseries about her landmark “Eras Tour” titled “Taylor Swift ' The Eras Tour ' The End of an Era” — the first two episodes will premiere Friday. And that is not to be confused with the second, titled “Taylor Swift ' The Eras Tour ' The Final Show,” a concert film now with the inclusion of “The Tortured Poets Department” section. (That differs from 2023’s “Taylor Swift: The Eras Tour” film, which was compiled from several Swift shows at SoFi Stadium in Inglewood, a suburb of Los Angeles and arrived ahead of “The Tortured Poets Department.”) Swifties, rise! — It has been a big year for collaborative rap records (looking at you, Clipse) and that continues into 2025’s 11th hour with “Light-Years,” a new release from rapper Nas and record producer DJ Premier. Now, cameras follow Simon Cowell as he seeks to form a new boy band in “Simon Cowell: The Next Act.” The docuseries, out Wednesday, is about both his search and Cowell himself. “If this goes wrong, it will be ‘Simon Cowell has lost it.’” — Diane Kruger stars in a new drama for Paramount+ called “ Little Disasters ” as Jess, a mother who takes her son to the hospital for a head injury.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Entertainment/wireStory/golden-globe-nominations-give-skewed-oscar-picture-new-128199803
Article: Expect to hear these movies called out more than once: “Sinners,” “Wicked: For Good” and “One Battle After Another.” Those are some of the movies likely to among the top nominations getters. Since the Globes split their awards between drama and comedy-musical, and each category gets six nominees, there will be plenty of room for the favorites to get in, and for a few unexpected nominees, too. That adds to the two-year-old award for cinematic and box-office achievement, a prize that so far has gone to “Barbie” and “Wicked.” After a series of scandals for the Hollywood Foreign Press Association, the group that previously put on the ceremony, the Globes were sold in 2023 to Todd Boehly's Eldridge Industries and Dick Clark Productions, a part of Penske Media.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/colombias-president-video-us-airstrike-boat-victims-11171302
Article: The two bodies found in the region of La Guajira were floating in the sea, Petro wrote on X while calling for forensic authorities and officials from Venezuela to identify them. A police spokesperson in La Guajira told AFP that the two bodies were discovered on Thursday on a beach used by local fishermen, although the cause of death remains unknown. campaign in Latin America and the maritime strikes on suspected drug traffickers, which come amid President Donald Trump's threat of military operations against drug cartels based in Venezuela and Colombia.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/republicans-made-fun-of-trump-behind-his-back-marjorie-taylor-greene-11171385
Article: Republicans in Congress made fun of President Donald Trump behind his back before turning around and supporting him after he won the GOP presidential nomination last year, Representative Marjorie Taylor Greene has said. “I watched many of my colleagues go from making fun of him, making fun of how he talks, making fun of me constantly for supporting him, to when he won the primary in 2024, they all started—excuse my language, Lesley—kissing his a** and decided to put on a MAGA hat for the first time,” the Georgia Republican said in an interview on 60 Minutes that aired Sunday. Greene’s interview comes after she announced she is resigning from Congress in January, saying she didn’t want her congressional district “to have to endure a hurtful and hateful primary against me by the president we all fought for.” It followed a public split with Trump in recent months, as Greene criticized him for his stance on the release of government files related to Jeffrey Epstein, along with foreign policy and health care.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/russia-ukraine-war-trump-talks-updates-news-zelensky-11171384
Article: "The primary task of the Ukrainian team was to obtain from the American side complete information about their conversation in Moscow and all drafts of current proposals in order to discuss them in detail with the President of Ukraine," said Rustem Umerov, secretary of the National Security and Defense Council of Ukraine, in a post on X.

Link: https://www.nytimes.com/video/world/asia/100000010535060/gao-zhen-china-artist-detained.html
Article: Love Letters From a Chinese Jail The torn pieces of paper by Gao Zhen, a renowned artist jailed in China, show family portraits, memories of New York and expressions of faith.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/08/ray-dalio-middle-east-silicon-valley-ai-bubble.html
Article: CNBC The Middle East is fast emerging as one of the world's most powerful AI hubs, Bridgewater Associates' founder Ray Dalio said Monday, comparing the region's rise to Silicon Valley's pull for all things tech. Speaking to CNBC, Dalio said the United Arab Emirates and its neighbors have combined vast pools of capital with an influx of global talent, creating a magnet for investment managers and AI innovators alike. A $10 billion agreement between Google Cloud and Saudi Arabia's Public Investment Fund announced this year aims to create a "global AI hub" in the country, as part of a broader push to host data-centers and AI workloads locally. So now people are coming in … money is coming in, talent is coming in." watch now Dalio, who has been visiting Abu Dhabi for more than three decades, said the Gulf's transformation is the result of deliberate statecraft and long-term planning.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/08/elon-musk-eu-should-be-abolished-after-x-fined-140-million.html
Article: Elon Musk has called for the European Union to be abolished after the bloc fined his social media company X 120 million euros ($140 million) for a "deceptive" blue checkmark and lack of transparency of its advertising repository. The European Commission hit X with the ruling on Friday following a two-year investigation into the company under the Digital Services Act (DSA), which was adopted in 2022 to regulate online platforms. We expect the EU to engage in fair, open, & reciprocal trade — & nothing less." Last week, the Commission said breaches included "the deceptive design of its 'blue checkmark,' the lack of transparency of its advertising repository, and the failure to provide access to public data for researchers." "With the DSA's first non-compliance decision, we are holding X responsible for undermining users' rights and evading accountability," said Henna Virkkunen, executive vice president for tech sovereignty, security and democracy, at the time.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/08/cnbc-daily-open-playing-now-netflix-warner-bros-deal-with-a-trump-twist.html
Article: President Donald Trump said he would be involved in the decision, Reuters reported Monday, after a senior official from the Trump administration told CNBC's Eamon Javers on Friday that they viewed the deal with "heavy scepticism." Despite this initial show of resistance, stranger things have happened in this administration, and the transaction might eventually go through.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/8/how-many-syrians-have-returned-home-one-year-since-the-fall-of-al-assad?traffic_source=rss
Article: The 14-year-long war led to one of the world’s largest migration crises, with some 6.8 million Syrians, about a third of the population, fleeing the country at the war’s peak in 2021, seeking refuge wherever they could find it. Al-Shatta describes returning to Syria for the first time in 13 years and feeling “like I have never left Syria before, with one difference, the feeling of belonging to this country, to this nation, this land”. Al-Shatta and his family are among the more than 782,000 Syrians documented by the International Organization for Migration (IOM) who have returned to Syria from other countries over the past year. New EU asylum guidelines In the days following the fall of al-Assad, several European countries – including Austria, Belgium, Denmark, Germany, Greece, Italy, Sweden, and the United Kingdom – announced plans to pause asylum applications from Syrians. Returning to ‘destroyed and demolished’ homes In addition to the 782,000 Syrians returning from abroad, the IOM has documented nearly 1.8 million internally displaced Syrians returning to their towns over the past year. Talal Nader al-Abdo, 42, from Maaret al-Numan in southern Idlib, was one of the internally displaced Syrians who returned home from a tent where he and his family had been living. His family had been internally displaced multiple times, first from Maaret al-Numan, then to Ariha, then to Idlib, and finally to the border camps Kafr Jalis and Harbanoush of northern Syria, where al-Abdo recalls the harsh days they spent in the extreme cold and intense heat. “When the regime fell, I knew that relief had come, the bombing had ended, and the time was near for us to return to our homes, even though they were destroyed and demolished. Throughout the war, al-Abdo, together with his wife, three sons, daughter, and elderly mother, stayed in northwestern Syria “because we had great faith that one day God would grant us relief and we would return home”.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/8/overstretched-under-attack-un-cuts-2026-aid-appeal-despite-great-need?traffic_source=rss
Article: The United Nations has launched its 2026 appeal for aid by asking for just half the amount it says it needs, despite humanitarian needs globally being at an all-time high. The international institution appealed for $23bn on Monday, while acknowledging that, due to a plunge in donor funding, the figure would shut out tens of millions of people in urgent need of help. The UN had originally sought $47bn for 2025, but later revised the figure as aid cuts by the new administration in the United States and followed by other major Western donors, including Germany, became clear. By November, it had received just $12bn – the lowest in a decade – covering just more than a quarter of its stated needs, leading it to prioritise only the most desperate. Data from the institution showed that the US remained the biggest fund provider in 2025, despite the cuts implemented by President Trump, but its share shrank from more than one-third of the total to 15.6 percent.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cvgjvg4ylwpo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: One hundred abducted schoolchildren released in Nigeria 27 minutes ago Share Save Madina Maishanu , BBC Africa, Abuja and Basillioh Rukanga Share Save EPA More than 250 children were abducted from St Mary's Catholic school last month About 100 children who were abducted from a Catholic school in central Nigeria last month have been freed, authorities say. Niger state's police chief, Adamu Abdullahi Elleman, and Bishop Bulus Dauwa Yohanna, who is in charge of the school as the local leader of the Catholic community, both told the BBC that they had received confirmation of the students' release. More than 250 students and 12 staff were kidnapped from St Mary's Catholic school in Papiri, the latest in a wave of mass abductions which has sent shockwaves through the nation. The governor of neighbouring Nasarawa state, Abdullahi Sule, told local media that the federal government had played a key role in securing their release, adding that the behind-the-scenes efforts could not be disclosed for security reasons. Last week, National Security Adviser Nuhu Ribadu visited Papiri and met a delegation led by Bishop Yohanna, assuring them the children would soon be rescued and reunited with their families. The attack on St Mary's, on 21 November, was preceded by mass kidnappings just days earlier: on 18 November, two people were killed and 38 abducted in an attack on the Christ Apostolic Church in Kwara state, and a day before that, two were killed and 25 Muslim students abducted from Government Girls' Secondary School in Kebbi state. Last week gunmen abducted at least 20 people in two separate attacks - at a newly established church in central Kogi state, where a pastor, his wife and some worshipers were taken, and in the mostly Muslim northern Sokoto state, where a bride and her bridesmaids were among those kidnapped. The paying of ransoms has been made illegal in Nigeria in an attempt to cut the supply of funds to the kidnap gangs but it is widely believed that in many cases money is still handed over.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c2lvk2gql97o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: White South Africans divided on US refugee offer 4 hours ago Share Save Claire Mawisa BBC Africa Eye, Free State Share Save BBC Marthinus has applied to move to the US fearing for his family's safety The 4m-high (13ft) electric steel gates, capped with spikes, creak open as Marthinus, a farmer, drives through in his pick-up truck. At least it will take them time to get to me." The fear of being attacked is very real for the white Afrikaner, who manages a farm with his wife and two young daughters. His grandfather and his wife's grandfather were both murdered in farm attacks, and he lives a two-hour drive from where the body of 21-year-old farm manager Brendan Horner was discovered five years ago, tied to a pole, with a rope around his neck. Marthinus will be leaving his farm behind if he moves to the US It's estimated that thousands of Afrikaners - who are mostly white descendants of early European settlers - have begun the lengthy process of applying for refugee status in the US since President Donald Trump signed an executive order earlier this year, although the figures haven't been made public. A presidential document posted to the official daily journal of the US government stated that those accepted would "primarily" be Afrikaner South Africans and "other victims of illegal or unjust discrimination in their respective homelands". On the outskirts of Ficksburg, a town at the foot of Free State's Imperani Mountain, Thabo Makopo has a small farm of 237 acres (96 hectares), where he tends sheep and cattle. I could be attacked today - it could happen to any of us." Police response rates to reports of crime are notoriously low, something the police here acknowledge but have said publicly that they are working on. "I don't buy that narrative that in this area the attacks are against whites only." "If they thought that the black guy had 20,000 rand ($1,200; £880) sitting in his safe, they'd attack him just as quickly as they'd attack the white guy with 20,000 [rand] in the safe." Asked about what he thinks of people claiming there is a "white genocide" in South Africa, he says he thinks they "have no real understanding of what a genocide is". What is happening to white farmers is very bad, but I don't think you can call it genocide." Trump has repeated the widely disputed claims there is a genocide against white farmers, while South African-born billionaire Elon Musk, has accused South African politicians of "actively promoting" a genocide. The country does not release crime figures based on race, but in May, in order to debunk these claims, Police Minister Senzo Mchunu gave a breakdown of killings on farms. Despite these statistics, the theory that white people are being persecuted for their race, once an idea confined to far-right groups in South Africa, continues to be propelled into the mainstream. Nthabiseng Nthathakana's husband died when criminals attacked their small shop In Meqheleng, a township on the outskirts of Ficksburg where black South Africans were forcibly relocated during the apartheid regime, Nthabiseng Nthathakana owns a small general store.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/clydrywxwkro?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Woman who blackmailed Son Heung-min gets four years in jail Widely regarded as one of Asia's best football stars, Son enjoys huge popularity in his home country and the region She extorted $300 million won ($200,000; £153,000) from him and threatened to go public with the allegation if he did not comply. The woman had approached Son sometime last year claiming she was carrying his child, when in fact she did not know whether that was the case, a Seoul district court heard, according to local media. The woman in her 20s and her accomplice, a man in his 40s, were found guilty of blackmailing the former Tottenham captain by saying she was pregnant with his child. The judge said the woman and her accomplice had abused Son's celebrity for their crime, and that Son appeared to have gone through "intense mental anguish" after the case was reported in the media. In 2022, while he still with the Spurs, he became the first Asian to win the Premier League's golden boot award presented annually to the leading goal scorer in the league.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c5yqe197ypno?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Japan protests after Chinese fighter jets lock radar on Japanese planes 2 hours ago Share Save Shaimaa Khalil , Tokyo correspondent and Joel Guinto Share Save Getty Images China displays its J-15 fighter jets at an air show in Zhuhai, in this file photograph from June last year Japan has protested after Chinese fighter jets locked radars on Japanese aircraft as tensions between the two nations worsened.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/cricket/articles/czj0mr1xdd9o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: That does not mean the personnel has to change or regimes need to be swept aside – those decisions will come at the end of the series – but it means there has been a realisation by England that the way in which they play their Test cricket must be altered.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/sea-drones-force-russia-retreat-ukraine-examines-ways-128189773
Article: A top Ukrainian sea-drone commander says more complex attacks on Russian forces are expected next year as Kyiv’s uncrewed fleet continues to restrict the once-dominant Black Sea navy As sea drones force Russia to retreat, Ukraine examines ways to launch more complex attacks By DEREK GATOPOULOS Associated Press , EFREM LUKATSKY Associated Press , and DMYTRO ZHYHINAS Associated Press A sea drone Magura V7 of Ukraine's Defence Intelligence equipped with surface-to-air missiles rides in an undisclosed location in Ukraine, Saturday, Dec. (AP Photo/Efrem Lukatsky) KYIV, Ukraine -- The commander of sea-drone operations for Ukraine’s military intelligence agency says more complex strikes against Russian forces are expected next year, after Kyiv’s uncrewed fleet succeeded in curbing the movements of Russia’s once-dominant Black Sea navy. In an interview with The Associated Press, the head of the specialized maritime drone unit, Group 13, said Ukraine’s attacks have forced Russia to adapt, limiting opportunities for major Black Sea strikes seen earlier in the war. And in a way, that’s also a result of our unit — because you can imagine the cost of maintaining a fleet that cannot operate at sea.” The officer spoke in uniform, his face covered and eyes obscured by tinted glasses. “In the future, you’ll launch the drone and it will independently search for a target, distinguish civilian vessels from military ones, and make more of the decisions.” Ukraine's military, he added, had a “huge amount” of operational data available to further train AI models. Although he did not comment on specific development plans within the intelligence agency, 13th said countries exploring longer-range strike options, submersible drones and more complex mixed-fleet operations see such systems as a logical next step. During a visit by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy to Athens last month, Kyiv and Greece announced plans for joint work on maritime uncrewed aerial vehicles (UAVs), expanded training and exercises, and information-sharing on maritime threats.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/police-2-officers-killed-northeast-colombia-explosion-blamed-128189480
Article: Two police officers have been killed in northeast Colombia in an attack that authorities blame on the National Liberation Army, a Marxist guerrilla force active since the 1960s Police say 2 officers killed in northeast Colombia in explosion blamed on guerrilla BOGOTÁ, Colombia -- Two police officers were killed Sunday in northeast Colombia in an attack that authorities blamed on the National Liberation Army , a Marxist guerrilla force active since the 1960s. President Gustavo Petro condemned the killings of a police superintendent and a sub-superintendent in Cúcuta on X, warning that he will increase the number of troops present along the Colombian-Venezuelan border. According to the International Committee of the Red Cross, Colombia is experiencing an intensification of hostilities and a “sharp deterioration of the humanitarian situation,” the organization’s president, Mirjana Spoljaric, said during a recent visit to the country. The ELN, which has been armed since 1964, was negotiating peace with Petro’s government, but talks broke down after an attack earlier this year that left nearly 100 dead in Catatumbo, also in Norte de Santander. The ELN is vying for control of the border with Venezuela with the “33rd Front,” one of the dissident groups of the now-defunct Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia that did not accept the peace agreement signed between the guerrillas and the government in 2016. Petro said the indictment against the top leader of the FARC dissidents, known as “Iván Mordisco,” and other leaders of the group, whom he accuses of “narco-terrorism,” is ready for the International Criminal Court.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/8/sudan-group-accuses-rsf-of-raping-19-women-who-fled-el-fasher?traffic_source=rss
Article: The Sudan Doctors Network said in a statement on Sunday that it documented the rapes among women who had fled to the town of al-Dabba in the neighbouring Northern State. “The Sudan Doctors Network strongly condemns the gang rape being perpetrated by the RSF against women escaping the horrors of El-Fasher, affirming that it constitutes a direct targeting of women in a blatant violation of all international laws that criminalise the use of women’s bodies as a weapon of oppression,” the group wrote on X. Sudan Doctors Network: We have documented 19 cases of rape committed by the Rapid Support Forces, including two pregnant women, at Al-Afad Camp in Al-Dabba The Sudan Doctors Network team at Al-Afad Camp in Al-Dabba has documented the rape of 19 women while they were fleeing from… pic.twitter.com/u5qWp4bdSD — Sudan Doctors Network - شبكة أطباء السودان (@SDN154) December 7, 2025 Sudan has been engulfed in civil war since April 2023, when fighting erupted between the Sudanese army and the paramilitary RSF. Widespread sexual assault Mohammed Elsheikh, a spokesperson for the Sudan Doctors Network, told Al Jazeera on Sunday that he was “100 percent sure” that sexual violence committed by RSF fighters is far more widespread than reported. The latest accusations came amid a growing outcry over another RSF attack on a pre-school in the state of South Kordofan that local officials said killed at least 116 people. On Sunday, Justice Minister Abdullah Dirife said Khartoum was willing to pursue political talks aimed at ending the conflict, but insisted that any settlement must “ensure there is no presence for ‘terrorist’ militias in both the political and military arenas”. Speaking to Al Jazeera on the sidelines of the Doha Forum, he said the rebels “need to agree to give their weapons in specific areas and leave all these cities, and the police should take over”. Dirife also called for putting a stop to the “transfer of weapons and the infiltration of mercenaries into Sudan” and claimed that fighters and arms were entering from regions including South America, Chad and the UAE. The UN has meanwhile formally declared famine in el-Fasher and Kaduguli in South Kordofan and warned of the risk of a hunger crisis in 20 additional areas across the Greater Darfur and Greater Kordofan regions. The World Food Programme’s Deputy Executive Director Carl Skau told Al Jazeera on Sunday that the agency was providing aid to five million people, including two million in areas that are difficult to reach, but warned that assistance has fallen far short of needs.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/video/newsfeed/2025/12/8/celebrations-in-gaza-as-palestine-qualifies-for-arab-cup-quarter-finals?traffic_source=rss
Article: Celebrations in Gaza as Palestine qualifies for Arab Cup quarter-finals NewsFeed Celebrations in Gaza as Palestine qualifies for Arab Cup quarter-finals Video shows crowds in Gaza celebrating after Palestine qualified for the Arab Cup quarter-finals.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/08/blackrock-ben-powell-bet-trade-as-ai-spending-frenzy-hyperscalers-investment-credit.html
Article: The wave of capital pouring into artificial intelligence infrastructure is far from peaking, said Ben Powell, chief investment strategist for APAC at BlackRock, arguing the sector's "picks and shovels" suppliers — from chipmakers to energy producers and copper-wire manufacturers — remain the clearest winners as hyperscalers race to outspend one another. The surge in AI-related capital expenditure shows no sign of slowing as tech giants push aggressively to secure an edge in what they see as a winner-takes-all contest, Powell told CNBC Monday on the sidelines of the Abu Dhabi Finance Week. The money is very, very clear," he said, adding that BlackRock is focused on what he called a "traditional picks and shovels capex super boom, which still feels like it's got more to go." AI infrastructure has been one of the biggest drivers of global investment this year, fueling a broader market rally, even as some investors question how long the boom can last. Nvidia, whose GPU chips are the backbone of the AI revolution, became the first company to briefly surpass $5 trillion in market capitalization amid a dizzying AI-fueled market rally that sparked talk of an AI bubble.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/08/magnum-ice-cream-ben-jerrys-amsterdam-stock-market-debut.html
Article: "Now, as an independent listed company, we will be more agile, more focused, and more ambitious than ever." Unilever first announced plans to spin off its ice cream unit, which includes Ben & Jerry's and Magnum, in March last year.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/out-control-australian-wildfires-destroy-40-homes-kill-firefighter-11171353
Article: A firefighter has been killed and about 40 homes destroyed after fast-moving bushfires swept through communities in New South Wales (NSW) and Tasmania over the past few days, according to officials. The 59-year-old firefighter died on Sunday night after being struck by a falling tree while battling a blaze near Bulahdelah on the NSW Mid North Coast, according to the Associated Press and Australian Broadcasting Corporation (ABC). In total, four homes have been lost at Bulahdelah and 16 at Koolewong on the NSW Central Coast, with another 19 destroyed in the small coastal community of Dolphin Sands on Tasmania's east coast. Natural disaster declarations have already been issued for six local government areas in NSW—the Central Coast, Mid Coast, Upper Hunter, Muswellbrook, Warrumbungle and Dubbo—unlocking joint federal-state disaster recovery payments for residents, small businesses and primary producers. In both states, the blazes have hit communities that are no strangers to fire but are again being pushed to the limit: Dolphin Sands residents told ABC that at least eight bushfires had broken out on the narrow peninsula—close to Tasmania's iconic Wineglass Bay—in the past 15 years. The Bulahdelah fire has burned more than 3,000 hectares—the equivalent of 10 Central Parks—while the Dolphin Sands blaze scorched about 700 hectares of dry coastal scrub, according to the Tasmania Fire Service. The Black Summer of 2019-20 in Australia was an unprecedented bushfire season from mid-2019 to early 2020, marked by extreme heat, drought and widespread, intense megafires, especially in the southeast, burning 18.9 million hectares—about the size of New York state—killing over 30 people, destroying thousands of homes, affecting 1 billion animals and causing billions in economic damage. What People Are Saying Claudia Stellino told the Australian Broadcasting Corporation that she and her husband lost their Koolewong home of 18 years in minutes as the fire roared through their street, adding: "My heart hurts." Her husband, Tony Stellino, said: "All the memories—we've lost everything." Commissioner Trent Curtin of the New South Wales Rural Fire Service said: "[The fire] moved very, very quickly into properties. We issued a Watch and Act and then it escalated very quickly to an emergency warning, and notified people by landline and by text message to warn them of that fire." NSW Premier Chris Minns, who met families at an evacuation center, said: "Our support crews, either at the evacuation centers through the RFS, will be working with affected families today directly." What Happens Next While cooler conditions and some rain brought temporary relief to exhausted crews, authorities have warned that the danger is far from over.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/china-jets-lock-radars-us-ally-aircraft-what-know-11171222
Article: Japan's Defense Minister Shinjiro Koizumi said on Sunday that while no Air Self-Defense Force aircraft or personnel were harmed, Tokyo views the "radar lock-on" incident as a dangerous act that exceeds what is necessary for the safe flight of aircraft. Senior Colonel Zhang Xiaogang, spokesperson for China's Defense Ministry, accused Japan of being "a thief crying stop thief," saying it had intruded into the aircraft carrier CNS Liaoning's exercise and training zones that had been announced in advance. Why It Matters The encounter between Chinese and Japanese forces signaled a further deterioration in relations between the two East Asian countries, after Beijing strongly opposed Tokyo's November remarks about possible military intervention in the event of a Chinese blockade of Taiwan, the self-ruled island near Japan's southwestern territory that China has threatened to take by force. The deployment of the Liaoning—one of three Chinese aircraft carriers—marks the continuation of China's efforts to expand its military presence east of the First Island Chain, a north-south defensive line formed by Japan, Taiwan and the Philippines under a U.S. The Liaoning—operating alongside the destroyers CNS Nanchang, CNS Xining and CNS Kaifeng—reached an area southeast of Okinawa Island on Saturday after passing through the Miyako Strait from the East China Sea, according to Japan's Defense Ministry. As of Sunday, the Chinese aircraft carrier-led naval task group was tracked operating in the Philippine Sea east of Kikaijima—one of Japan's southwestern outlying islands—after a northeast voyage from its previously reported location near Okinawa. A map provided by Japan's Defense Ministry shows the Chinese navy operated outside Japanese territorial waters—extending up to 13.8 miles from the coastline—but within the country's exclusive economic zone, which stretches up to 230 miles from the coast. Regarding the "radar lock-on" incident, Senior Captain Wang Xuemeng, spokesperson for the Chinese navy, said on Sunday that J-15 jets conducted routine flight training east of the Miyako Strait, with prior notice given of the training waters and airspace. The Japanese jets "repeatedly approached" the Chinese naval training area, which posed a significant risk to flight safety, the spokesperson said, warning that the Chinese navy will take measures to safeguard its security, rights and interests, without elaborating. At the diplomatic level, Japan's Vice Foreign Minister Funakoshi Takehiro summoned Chinese Ambassador Wu Jianghao, lodging a strong protest over the radar illumination incident and urging China to ensure that similar dangerous actions do not recur. China does not accept the protest and has lodged counter-protests, an unnamed Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesperson said, adding that Japan's reconnaissance and disruptions of Chinese military activities pose "the biggest maritime and air security risk." What People Are Saying Japan's Defense Minister Shinjiro Koizumi said: "We view the occurrence of such an incident with utmost regret, and we have lodged a strong protest with the Chinese side while making a stern demand for measures to prevent recurrence." Senior Colonel Zhang Xiaogang, spokesperson for China's Defense Ministry, said: "We urge Japan to accurately assess the situation, genuinely reflect on and correct its mistakes, completely abandon any ill-conceived schemes, and refrain from further distancing itself from the Chinese people and the international community." Senior Captain Wang Xuemeng, spokesperson for the Chinese navy, said: "The hype from the Japanese side is completely inconsistent with the facts. We solemnly demand that Japan immediately stop its defamation and smears and strictly discipline its frontline actions." An unnamed Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesperson said: "China firmly opposes it and strongly urges the Japanese side to immediately stop its dangerous moves of harassing China's normal military exercise and training, and stop all irresponsible disinformation and political manipulation." What Happens Next The Japanese military is expected to continue monitoring and tracking the Chinese aircraft carrier task group as it approaches Japan's main islands.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/starbucks-teases-return-bearista-cup-fan-favorite-christmas-holiday-collection-11171407
Article: Starbucks later told ABC News: "The excitement for our merchandise exceeded even our biggest expectations, and despite shipping more Bearista cups to coffeehouses than almost any other merchandise item this holiday season, the Bearista cup and some other items sold out fast." ...

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/can-the-kansas-city-chiefs-make-the-playoffs-chances-revealed-11171420
Article: Sunday’s game was pivotal because it pushed the Texans to 8-5 and into the final AFC playoff spot, while Kansas City fell two games behind in the race for a wild-card position.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/videos/c3v132eq3vgo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: While Syria's interim government has promised to protect all its citizens, not just the majority population of Sunni Muslims, hundreds of people from the country's Alawite and Druze minorities have been killed in sectarian attacks, including by members of the government's forces.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/live-updates/israel-gaza-live-updates-idf-chief-yellow-line/?id=128200730
Article: While he said broader peace with Arab states remains possible, Netanyahu added that Israel will not agree to the creation of a state that will "commit to the destruction" of Israel at its doorstep. Netanyahu highlighted a historic shift in Israel–Germany relations, noting that 80 years after the Holocaust, Israel is now helping to defend Germany – a historic change, as he described it. Answering press questions, when asked if he would leave politics in exchange for a pardon, Netanyahu responded in Hebrew: "No, no." Regarding the second phase of the peace plan, he emphasized that Hamas must disarm and said the second phase of the peace plan is "close." “We’ll be having very important conversations at the end of the month on how to ensure that this second stage is achieved," Netanyahu said, referring to his planned visit to the White House to meet President Trump at the end of the month.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/WNT/video/new-audio-reveals-chaos-cockpit-terrifying-mid-air-128193579
Article: New audio reveals chaos in the cockpit of a terrifying mid-air scare in 2023 Audio and video show when former Alaska Airlines off-duty pilot Joseph Emerson tried to shut down the engines of a passenger plane in October 2023, putting the lives of 83 people in jeopardy.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/08/trump-says-zelenskyy-hasnt-read-us-peace-proposal-talks-move-to-london.html
Article: (L/R) Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy and US President Donald Trump stand for a family photo with other European leaders in the Cross Hall of the White House in Washington, DC, on August 18, 2025. "Russia, I guess, would rather have the whole country when you think of it, but Russia is, I believe, fine with it, but I'm not sure that Zelenskyy is fine with it," Trump said. There have been several versions of the purported peace plan as Russia and Ukraine have haggled — via their American intermediaries — over key details within the deal, particularly when it comes to demands for territorial concessions by Russia and security guarantees for Ukraine. Trump's outgoing Ukraine envoy Keith Kellogg remarked Sunday that a deal to end the war was "really close" and that it depended on resolving two main outstanding issues: the future of Ukraine's Donbas eastern region, which is broadly occupied by Russian forces, and the Russian-occupied Zaporizhzhia nuclear power plant in southern Ukraine. Ukraine has given a more cautious appraisal of the talks' progress with Zelenskyy saying in his nightly address Sunday that the Miami talks — held between his new chief negotiator Rustem Umerov and Ukraine's military chief of general staff, General Andriy Hnatov, and Trump's special envoy Steve Witkoff and son-in-law Jared Kushner — were "constructive, though not easy." Zelenskyy said he would have a detailed debrief with his negotiating team in person rather than over the phone, noting, somewhat pointedly, that "some matters can only be discussed in person."

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/video/newsfeed/2025/12/8/syrians-gather-to-mark-one-year-since-the-fall-of-the-assad-regime?traffic_source=rss
Article: Syrians gather to mark one year since the fall of the Assad regime NewsFeed Syrians gather to mark one year since the fall of the Assad regime Thousands of Syrians have gathered in the capital Damascus to celebrate one year since the fall of Bashar al-Assad.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/8/who-is-ghassan-al-duhaini-abu-shababs-successor?traffic_source=rss
Article: As the chapter closes on Yasser Abu Shabab, 32, the “Popular Forces” militia leader who appeared in Rafah during the war and was widely viewed as a collaborator with Israel, Ghassan al-Duhaini has been named his successor. Soon after Abu Shabab was killed last Thursday, reportedly during a family dispute mediation, al-Duhaini, who was said to be injured in the same altercation, appeared in a video online dressed in military fatigues and walking among masked fighters under his command. He also appeared in a social media post beside what appeared to be several bodies, the caption saying they were Hamas men who had been “eliminated” as part of the group’s “counterterrorism” operations. Security sources told Al Jazeera Arabic that the Israeli army oversaw the arming of Abu Shabab and that he leads “criminal gangs specialising in intercepting aid convoys coming from the [Karem Abu Salem] crossing in southern Gaza and firing on civilians”. Advertisement Israeli newspaper Maariv reported in June that Israel’s intelligence agency, Shin Bet, was behind the recruitment of Abu Shabab’s gang, its chief Ronen Bar advising Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu to enlist and arm the group. Shin Bet’s idea, Maariv continued, was to use the gang to test whether it could impose a form of “alternative governance” to Hamas in a small, contained area of Rafah. Abu Shabab’s name later appeared in an internal United Nations memo in late 2024 that identified him as a central figure behind the systematic and large-scale looting of humanitarian aid entering Gaza.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/8/japan-summons-china-envoy-over-fighter-jet-radar-lock-as-tensions-surge?traffic_source=rss
Article: The move by the Japanese Ministry of Foreign Affairs on Sunday was to protest against what it called the dangerous and “extremely regrettable” behaviour of the Chinese J-15 fighter jets over international waters southeast of Okinawa’s main island the previous day. The summoning of Ambassador Wu Jianghao came amid deeply strained relations between Beijing and Tokyo since Japanese Prime Minister Sanae Takaichi said last month that a Chinese invasion of Taiwan would constitute a “survival-threatening situation” for Japan – suggesting that Tokyo would intervene militarily. Beijing has summoned the Japanese ambassador, written to the United Nations, urged citizens to avoid travelling to Japan and renewed a ban on Japanese seafood imports, while cultural events involving Japanese performers and movies have also been hit. Advertisement Both countries have traded quarrelsome accusations, with the Chinese Navy saying on Sunday that the scrambled Japanese F-15s had repeatedly approached its training area and endangered flight safety, while Japan’s chief government spokesman Minoru Kihara insisted on Monday that those claims were unfounded. Japan’s military said about 100 take-offs and landings had been conducted from the aircraft carrier as it sailed east into the Pacific Ocean past the Okinawa Islands over the weekend. Japan would “respond calmly but firmly and continue to monitor the movements of Chinese forces in the waters around our country”, Kihara said, rejecting China’s claim that Japanese aircraft had obstructed safe flight operations. For its part, the Chinese embassy denied Tokyo’s claims, saying in a statement that “China solemnly demands that Japan stop smearing and slandering, strictly restrain its frontline actions, and prevent similar incidents from happening again.” Japan hosts the largest foreign deployment of the United States military, including thousands of US Marines stationed in Okinawa. Washington’s ambassador to Japan has voiced support for Tokyo in the dispute with Beijing, although US President Donald Trump, who is scheduled to travel to China for trade talks next year, has so far stayed out of the dispute.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/starbucks-giving-away-17000-bearista-cups-how-get-one-merrython-11171703
Article: If you’ve been trying (and failing) to snag Starbucks’ coveted Bearista cup, there’s another route that doesn’t involve racing to a store at opening or paying resale prices online: Starbucks’ seasonal “Starbucks for Life” game is back—and the coveted Bearista cup is up for grabs as one of the prizes. Starbucks recently teased there's another chance to get a Bearista cup after they quickly sold out, telling customers their “chance is in the Starbucks app” and pointing to 12/8 as the key date, showing a line of signature cups ending on the glass bear. Now, as the Starbucks for Life Merrython arrives December 8, it's been revealed 17,000 Bearista cups will be available to be won through the Starbucks Rewards instant-win promotion—though it's limited to one per person. Starbucks has announced the return of its instant win game for Starbucks Rewards members, giving customers a shot at a range of prizes—including the grand prize that has an estimated value of $70,518.00. Other prizes in the sweepstake, which has thousands of prizes to be won, include bonus stars, free bakery or drink items, cake pops and digital gift cards, costing a total of $2,777,147. Why this matters for Bearista fans The $29.95 Bearista cup, which launched in November as part of their holiday collection, has become a seasonal obsession—so much so that it’s spawned shortages, restocks, and even copycat alternatives. Starbucks previously told Newsweek: "The excitement for our merchandise exceeded even our biggest expectations and despite shipping more Bearista cups to coffeehouses than almost any other merchandise item this holiday season, the Bearista cup and some other items sold out fast. We know it’s disappointing to fans and we’re sorry if they missed out." Now though, it looks like people still hoping to get their hands on the real Bearista cup may be in luck, with the Starbucks for Life Merrython adding a new way to own the viral bear. Instead of hunting store-to-store (or settling for a lookalike), you can try your luck through the Starbucks app during the game window—including via the no-purchase entry route—for a chance at getting your own Bearista cup.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/godfrey-wade-veteran-detained-ice-deportation-11171734
Article: What To Know Following the traffic stop, local authorities referred him to ICE, which transferred him to the Stewart Detention Center in Lumpkin, Georgia, a CoreCivic-operated immigration jail that has faced years of scrutiny over conditions. After leaving the military, he completed college degrees, worked various jobs, including his current job at a café, and built a family that now includes children and grandchildren, according to KENS5.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/winter-storm-warning-snow-11171661
Article: Wyoming/Montana, Virginia, Alaska, Michigan, Tennessee, Kentucky, Washington, North Carolina, and Illinois are all expected to be the worst-affected areas, prompting the NWS to warn residents to “plan on slippery road conditions,” especially during morning and evening commutes: Wyoming/Montana Those in Teton, Snake River, and the Gros Ventre Mountains should prepare for between 6 and 14 inches of snow to fall until Monday morning, making travel especially difficult over the Teton Pass. Virginia Parts of central, east central, southeastern (including New Kent, Surrey, York, James City, and Isle of Wight counties and the city of Newport News), south central (including Sussex county), and southern (including Southampton, Greensville counties) Virginia could get between 2 and 5 inches of snow, with more expected on higher ground, throughout Monday. Alaska The City of Hyder is expected to get up to 7 inches of snow, with visibility reduced to a mile or less, making travel “very difficult,” overnight Sunday—where up to 1 inch of snow could fall per hour—until Monday evening. Petersburg and Wrangell Boroughs could see up to 6 inches of snow by Monday night, and the NWS has said that “snow amounts during this period have a 30 percent chance to meet or exceed warning criteria.” Western Kupreanof Island and Kuiu Island might get between 3 and 5 inches of snow, Prince of Wales Island up to 5 inches, Pelican and Elfin Cove up to 4 inches, and Kodiak Island (northeast) up to 5 inches, along with 45 mph winds, by Monday. Tennessee The Blount, Cocke, and Sevier Smoky Mountains, and southeast Greene, Johnson, southeast Carter, and Unicoi counties could get up to 3 inches of snow, especially in the mountains, until Monday night. Kentucky Martin, Floyd, Letcher, and Pike counties could get up to 3 inches of snow in areas above 2,000 feet, 1 to 2 inches along the ridges, and up to 1 inch in the valleys, by late Monday afternoon. Illinois Lake and northern Cook counties could get between 3 and 4 inches of snow, and southern Cook county could get up to 5 inches from Monday until Tuesday morning, with the heaviest amounts set to fall overnight Monday. Make sure your car is winterized and in good working order.” The NWS for North Carolina said: “The heavy snow will create snow covered roads and produce isolated power outages. The hazardous conditions could impact the Monday morning and evening commutes.” What Happens Next Those in affected areas should remain vigilant and closely monitor local forecasts as the weather could rapidly change.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/map-major-areas-housing-departures-11171474
Article: After experiencing a population boom during the pandemic, Texas is now seeing its residents pack up and move on more than any other state, with four of its cities ranking among the top 10 in the nation with the highest turnover, according to a new analysis by Realtor.com. What To Know Despite Texas dominating the top 10, it was Kansas City, Missouri, that took the number one spot in the list, with a turnover rate of 45 sales per 1,000 housing units. According to Hannah Jones, senior economic research analyst at Realtor.com, the surge in residents selling is due in part to the fact that many homeowners think this is the best time to cash in on their built equity, and in part to the fact that they are likely to find interested sellers because of the city’s relative housing affordability and its low cost of living. "Kansas City has also seen strong demand that has supported that elevated turnover." Many of those leaving are "retirees moving to warmer climates," Majid Ghavami, a ReeceNichols real estate agent in the Kansas City area, told Realtor.com. (Realtor.com did not provide methodology to explain how Kansas City came out ahead of San Antonio despite having the same sales rate.) Job relocations was the main reason behind the high number of people moving, according to Daniel Cabrera, owner and founder of Sell My House Fast SA TX. Many of the same reasons—affordability which is encouraging demand, cashing in on the equity built up over the pandemic years, and still-strong in-migration—are behind the high turnover rates in the other cities in the top 10. What People Are Saying Hannah Jones, senior economic research analyst at Realtor.com, said in the report: "Markets with higher turnover tend to function more fluidly than markets with lower turnover, with a healthier balance of active buyers and sellers." She added: "Metros like San Antonio, Dallas, and Austin have seen significant building activity over the past five years, which has helped temper home price growth and expand options for buyers, ultimately encouraging more frequent home sales." What Happens Next While sales have dwindled this year in the U.S. According to Redfin, sales nationwide will end 2026 up 3 percent from 2025 thanks to incomes rising faster than home prices "for a prolonged period of time for the first time since the Great Recession era."

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/china-issues-response-to-us-national-security-strategy-11171874
Article: Win-win cooperation is the only viable way forward for relations between China and the United States, a spokesperson for China's Foreign Ministry said Monday when asked to weigh in on the U.S.'s latest national security strategy.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/nw-ai/how-ibm-reinvented-itself-with-ai-11166112
Article: There is an old saying: “Nobody ever got fired for buying IBM.” For decades, this phrase was more than a wry joke—it was a reflection of the near-mythic status of Big Blue in the world of business technology. The company’s mainframes powered the world’s banks, its computers helped put men on the moon and its “business machines” were so ubiquitous that "IBM" became shorthand for "work." But the true meaning of the phrase was always about more than just reliability and scale. “Once we lost a little bit of entrepreneurial spirit, it wasn’t the right place for me and I left.” He returned to IBM in 2023 attracted by CEO Arvind Krishna's vision for IBM's future— and the opportunity to lead a radical transformation. “And if we can, then not only should we be in the AI business, but we should be the leader in using AI, at least in the enterprise.” IBM’s “Client Zero” initiative was as radical as it was expansive in scope. The company decomposed its entire operations into 490 distinct workflows, identified 70 as low-hanging fruit and began building AI assistants—eventually creating over 3,000 digital workers to automate and augment tasks across the business. “We enabled the workforce to build the AI to solve their problems, and we gave them training—which was probably the most important thing.” What IBM did was a transformation orchestrated from the top, with the CEO and executive team meeting weekly to drive the agenda forward. Ali recounts a conversation with a CFO at a major telco: “He leans over to me and says, ‘I have 1,900 AI pilots and not a dime of benefit to my bottom line.’” Ali’s advice was clear: Stop treating AI as a series of isolated experiments and start with a top-down commitment to reimagining how work gets done. A striking example is Riyadh Air, Saudi Arabia’s newest national airline, launched in 2023 by the Public Investment Fund as part of the Kingdom’s Vision 2030 plan to expand its appeal for international visitors and support its ambition to become a top global tourism destination. Unlike Saudia, the country’s historic flag carrier, Riyadh Air was designed from the outset to be digital-first, aiming to serve over 100 destinations by 2030 and set new standards for guest experience and operational agility. As Adam Boukadida, chief financial officer of Riyadh Air, put it: “We had a clear choice—be the last airline built on legacy technology or the first built on the platforms that will define the next decade of aviation. With IBM, we’ve stripped out fifty years of legacy in a single stroke.” If the old IBM was the safe bet because it minimized risk, the new IBM is showing that the only real risk is standing still.

Link: https://abc7.com/post/pretrial-hearing-luigi-mangione-resume-today-court-releases-new-evidence-ceo-murder-case/18263196/
Article: Pretrial hearing for Luigi Mangione to resume today after court releases new evidence in case NEW YORK -- Luigi Mangione, who stands accused of killing UnitedHealthcare CEO Brian Thompson, is due back in court today for his continued pretrial hearing as a judge weighs whether or not key evidence can be used in his murder trial. On Saturday, the court authorized an additional release of evidence, including a piece of paper with a to-do list, which prosecutors say was linked to the murder of UnitedHealthcare CEO Brian Thompson. The 911 call was released for the first time last week in court: McDonald's Manager: "I have a customer here that some other customers were suspicious of, that he looked like the CEO shooter from New York." 911 Dispatcher: "You said black jacket?" McDonald's Manager: "Uh huh.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/weather/articles/c3w7nw3nylqo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: In addition to the warnings for wind, there is a yellow Met Office warning for rain across much of Wales and south-west England from 18:00 Monday to 18:00 GMT Tuesday.

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/12/08/nx-s1-5615257/china-us-renewable-wind-solar-climate
Article: How China, not the U.S., became the main climate solution story in 2025 toggle caption Julia Simon/NPR EUREKA, Calif., and ZHANGBEI COUNTY, China– Twenty miles off the misty northern coast of California, off of Humboldt Bay, there's a plan to build offshore wind turbines to power more than two million American homes. More than a quarter of China's economic growth in 2024 came from wind, solar and battery technologies, according to the Centre for Research on Energy and Clean Air, a nonprofit. In an emailed statement, White House spokesperson Taylor Rogers writes, "Rolling back the unpopular Green Energy Scam and unleashing energy sources like natural gas, nuclear, and beautiful, clean coal are commonsense policies that will increase base load power, strengthen grid stability, and lower energy costs." Sponsor Message Large solar and wind projects provide more cost-competitive energy than natural gas, nuclear, and coal projects, according to financial services firm Lazard. It's a cute side character." "China's efforts," Wallace says, "are the main story for fighting climate change." toggle caption STR/AFP via Getty Images In China, betting on renewables as a driver of growth In China's Zhangbei County, between Beijing and the edge of the Mongolian plateau, wind turbines' massive blades whoosh, turning in giant circles. Two decades ago, authorities in Beijing began making strategic decisions for a more sustainable model of economic growth, including building a supply chain for renewable energy technologies, and key investments in grid infrastructure. Sponsor Message " People who used to be swinging hammers building commercial real estate are now swinging hammers installing solar panels," says David Fishman, principal at the Lantau Group, a consulting firm in Shanghai. "My voice gets a little shaky 'cause it's gonna make a better opportunity for our kids." Mikkelsen says he's still confused as to why the Trump administration decided to terminate the grants for the marine terminal. Spokesperson Rogers said in her emailed statement, "President Trump's energy dominance agenda is critical to putting an end to Joe Biden's inflation crisis and economic disaster." Mikkelsen says the administration that was recently elected, "really ran on a platform that we're gonna build back America. In 2022, the Biden administration was able to push through a climate law that helped bolster manufacturing for the renewables sector, and extended federal tax credits for wind and solar. China's emissions have been flat or falling for 18 months, the first time energy demand growth hasn't resulted in more emissions, says Lauri Myllyvirta, lead analyst at the nonprofit Centre for Research on Energy and Clean Air. "You'll probably see China as the best hope for global climate progress over the coming years." NPR's Julia Simon reported from Eureka, Calif., NPR's Anthony Kuhn reported from Zhangbei County and Beijing, and NPR's Cao Aowen contributed to this report in Zhangbei County and Beijing

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/12/08/nx-s1-5610478/alcohol-age-drink
Article: Why alcohol hits us harder as we age toggle caption Cappi Thompson/Moment RF/Getty Images Once upon a time, a drink or two at a holiday party went down the hatch with no problems. "I am in that age range too and absolutely, [drinks] need to be spread out or it's all going to go straight to my head and I will need to sleep half the day away the next day." There are physiological explanations for why our ability to tolerate alcohol wanes with age. "We also lose more muscle as we get older, and that muscle is replaced by fatty tissue." That's important, because muscle stores water and that water dilutes alcohol in our blood, says Johannes Thrul, an alcohol and substance abuse researcher and associate professor at Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health. But for women in perimenopause, alcohol can exacerbate the symptoms that come with hormonal fluctuations — like mood swings and irritability, says Christmas, who directs the Menopause Program and Center for Women's Integrated Health at the University of Chicago. If you're already experiencing all of those symptoms, it's just that much more compounded." While worse hangovers as you age might not seem like a good thing, think of it as your body nudging you in the right direction. "These conversations about alcohol use — being proactive in people with people in their 50s and 60s — has a huge impact on their health and wellbeing when they're in their 80s and 90s," he says.

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/12/08/nx-s1-5636699/zelenskyy-ukraine-uk-russia-france-germany-europe-peace-trump
Article: Here's what to know toggle caption WPA Pool/Getty Images LONDON — When Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy arrives at 10 Downing Street on Monday, he can expect to be greeted with open arms. Not just from British Prime Minister Keir Starmer, but also French President Emmanuel Macron and German Chancellor Friedrich Merz, who are traveling to London in what's being billed as yet another show of support from Ukraine's united European allies, or, as Starmer has called them — "a coalition of the willing." But even as Europe rallies around him, Zelenskyy's ongoing struggle to secure firmer commitments from the Trump administration could mean Kyiv is heading into its toughest battle yet: navigating a grueling, nearly four-year-old war while its most powerful ally wavers — and as Russia shows no sign of softening its demands. Perhaps even more telling, Russia simultaneously launched a fresh wave of drone and missile strikes over Ukraine this weekend, a reminder that Moscow appears increasingly emboldened on the battlefield even as diplomatic channels stall. made headlines at a conference in Doha, Qatar, after he suggested his father — who famously said during his reelection campaign that he could end the war in 24 hours — could be preparing to walk away if Ukraine doesn't make a quick deal with Russia. toggle caption Stephane de Sakutin/AFP via Getty Images European leaders are arriving in London determined to show that they're still firmly behind Ukraine's push for a peace plan that preserves its territory — a message Zelenskyy has been reinforcing across the continent. His stop in London follows a quick tour through Paris and his first official state visit to Ireland last week, where he pressed for continued support and fresh security commitments. On Friday, the Trump administration announced a new national security strategy signaling that it would no longer be providing Europe with the security guarantees it has had since the end of World War II. Sponsor Message All this helps explain why European officials are floating ways to step up support for Ukraine — from scaling up weapons production to deepening Ukraine's ties to the EU and exploring whether frozen Russian assets could be used to bolster Ukraine's defense and reconstruction. The last option has faced resistance — especially from Belgium — home to the EU's largest concentration of frozen Russian funds, totaling around 210 billion euros ($245 billion) across Europe. Russia doubles down on its demands while escalating attacks toggle caption Alexander Kazakov/Pool/AFP via Getty Images As talks for a peace deal continue, Russia is showing no signs of easing its positions. Over the weekend, Moscow launched hundreds of drones and dozens of missiles at Ukraine's energy grid and other infrastructure, wounding at least eight people and causing temporary power outages across several regions. The timing, which coincided with the stalled U.S.-Ukraine talks in Miami, was seen by EU officials as a reminder of Russia's willingness to escalate even as its adversaries pursue diplomacy. The Trump administration has been sending mixed signals, but Ukraine and European leaders fear that the White House wants Ukraine to start moving toward a deal with Russia — even if it means making concessions that threaten its long-term stability. turned heads at a festival in Doha when he told an audience that his father may be ready to move on from Ukraine if the country doesn't accept a deal soon. Sponsor Message Trump Jr., who has no official role in the White House, also took shots at Zelenskyy, who has been facing scrutiny at home because of a corruption scandal involving some of his top aides. "Because of the war, and because he's one of the great marketers of all times, Zelenskyy became a borderline deity, especially to the left where he could do no wrong, he was beyond reproach," Trump Jr.

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/12/08/nx-s1-5626876/supreme-court-trump-ftc-unitary-executive
Article: Supreme Court to hear case that could vastly expand presidential powers toggle caption Elizabeth Gillis/NPR The Supreme Court hears Monday arguments in a case that could end the independence of independent agencies, overturn a 90-year-old precedent, and reshape the balance of power between Congress and the president. At issue is whether President Trump can fire Rebecca Kelly Slaughter, whom Trump appointed in 2018, during his first term, to fill a Democratic seat on the Federal Trade Commission. She was told her "continued service on the FTC is inconsistent with [the Trump] Administration's priorities." Sponsor Message Congress created the FTC in 1914 as a bipartisan, independent agency tasked with protecting the American economy from unfair methods of competition. By law, the five-member commission can have no more than three members of the same political party, and commissioners can only be fired for "inefficiency, neglect of duty or malfeasance in office." Slaughter had been given no such reason for her removal, and so she sued. The Trump administration appealed that ruling, and in September, the Supreme Court issued an emergency order removing her from her seat until the merits of her case could be heard. In that case, called Humphrey's Executor, the court unanimously held that while the president has the power to remove purely executive officers for any reason, that unlimited power does not extend to agencies like the FTC, whose duties "are neither political nor executive, but predominantly quasi-judicial and quasi-legislative." Following that 1935 decision, Congress went on to create many more multimember, independent agencies whose members likewise can only be removed for cause. Since January, Trump has also removed Democratic members from some of those agencies, including the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, the Merit Systems Protection Board and the Consumer Product Safety Commission. Sponsor Message In Slaughter's case and others, the Trump administration argues that the Supreme Court's decision in Humphrey's Executor was flawed, due to a misunderstanding of the FTC's functions at the time. In a 2-to-1 decision, the court said Trump's firings of Merit Systems Protection Board member Cathy Harris and National Labor Relations Board member Gwynne Wilcox were lawful, citing those agencies' "significant executive powers." toggle caption Andrew Caballero-Reynolds/AFP via Getty Images A clash of views on independent agencies Slaughter believes that it is vital for the Supreme Court to preserve the independence of bipartisan multimember agencies and allow her to be reinstated. "Independence allows the decision-making that is done by these boards and commissions to be on the merits, about the facts, and about protecting the interests of the American people," she said. "I don't think they've ever been independent because I think the removal protections have been unconstitutional from the beginning." Sponsor Message The court will continue its deliberation on Humphrey's Executor on Jan.

Link: https://www.npr.org/sections/shots-health-news/2025/12/08/nx-s1-5629249/hsa-high-deductible-health-plan
Article: And although GOP leaders have yet to coalesce around an alternative, several leading Republican lawmakers have proposed Americans who don't get insurance through an employer should get cash in a special health care account, paired with a high-deductible health plan. In such an arrangement, someone could choose a plan on an ACA marketplace that costs less per month but comes with an annual deductible that can top $7,000 for an individual plan. "It empowers the patient to lower the cost." In a post on Truth Social last month, Trump said: "The only healthcare I will support or approve is sending the money directly back to the people." Sponsor Message "Skin in the game" Conservative economists and GOP lawmakers have been making similar arguments since high-deductible health plans started to catch on two decades ago. "The notion was that if a consumer has 'skin in the game,' they will be more likely to seek higher-quality, lower-cost care," said Shawn Gremminger, who leads the National Alliance of Healthcare Purchaser Coalitions, a nonprofit that works with employers that offer their workers health benefits. Medical price shopping isn't easy Although Monroe had a health savings account paired with her high-deductible plan, she was never able to save more than a few thousand dollars, she said. Although these plans are supposed to encourage patients to shop around for medical care to find the lowest prices, Monroe found this impractical when she had a complex pregnancy and heart troubles. "If anything were to happen, I could then be transferred within that system." Federal rules that require hospitals to post more of their prices can make comparing institutions easier than it used to be. Researchers at the nonprofit Health Care Cost Institute, for example, estimated that just 7% of total health care spending for Americans with job-based coverage was for services that realistically could be shopped for. Fumiko Chino, an oncologist at the MD Anderson Cancer Center in Houston, said it makes no sense to expect patients with cancer or another chronic disease to go out and compare prices for complicated medical care such as surgeries, radiation, or chemotherapy after they've been diagnosed with a potentially deadly illness. "You're not going be able to actually do that effectively," Chino said, "and certainly not within the time frame that you would need to when facing a cancer diagnosis and the imminent need to start treatment." Drowning in bills Chino said patients with high deductibles are often instead slammed with a flood of huge medical bills that lead to debt and a cascade of other problems. She and other researchers found in a study of more than 8,000 cancer patients presented last year at the American Society of Clinical Oncology that cancer patients who had high-deductible health insurance were more likely to die than similar patients without that kind of coverage. "We can't treat people like this." KFF Health News is a national newsroom that produces in-depth journalism about health issues and is one of the core operating programs at KFF.

Link: https://www.washingtonpost.com/education/2025/12/08/florida-school-vouchers-audit/
Article: On any given day, Florida’s education department did not know where 30,000 students were going to school and could not account for the $270 million in taxpayer funds it took to support them, according to the state Senate Appropriations Committee on Pre-K-12 Education. “This money was money the school districts should have received and never did until this all came to light,” said Norín Dollard, senior policy analyst and Kids Count director at the Florida Policy Institute, a think tank that has been critical of vouchers. It couldn’t happen because the funds were not there to do it.” With roughly 500,000 students and $4 billion in funding last school year, Florida’s school voucher system is the biggest in the country. It has two main programs: the Florida Tax Credit Scholarship, which was created in 2001 and gives businesses a tax break for donating to nonprofits that administer voucher programs, and the Family Empowerment Scholarship. Florida’s auditor general found “a myriad of accountability challenges” with the Family Empowerment Scholarship that was created in 2019 to fund vouchers, known as education savings accounts, or ESAs, that can be used to pay tuition or other school-related expenses. We can’t fail to pass remedial legislation, or these problems will get bigger, and the trust of taxpayers in this program will begin to diminish.” For much of the 35-year history of school vouchers, programs have largely been limited to low-income families or students with disabilities. Unlike voucher programs in other states, funding for the Florida Empowerment Scholarship program is commingled with other public education funding, making it difficult to track how dollars are being spent. “Then the Department of Education is having to unscramble that money, and then make sure it gets to the right place at the right time to benefit the right students.” But that doesn’t always happen, according to the audit report. Cassie Edwards, a spokesperson for Florida’s education department, said in an email to The Washington Post that the agency at one point had to pause voucher payments for some students as it figured out where 30,000 of the state’s estimated 3.2 million students were going to school. 14 letter to the auditor general, Florida Commissioner of Education Anastasios Kamoutsas said the department took extra steps to identify potential duplicate student counts, but that verifying enrollment records was a challenge. “The Department acknowledges that, while the popularity and growth of the scholarship programs evidence their value and need, the administrative systems supporting these programs must keep pace with their implementation.” In cases where a student appears to be enrolled in both a public school and a private school or home-school scholarship program, their ESA will not be funded until the family can obtain signed proof the child does not attend a public school, said Scott Kent, a spokesperson for the scholarship funding organization Step Up for Students. “When we don’t have this fiscal accountability and transparency for these massive voucher programs that are ballooning every year, it’s a real problem,” said Qubilah Huddleston, the equitable school funding lead at EdTrust, a left-leaning think tank. “For the states that have recently universalized, like Texas and Tennessee and other states that could soon see vouchers as a result of the federal program, they need to view Florida as a cautionary tale of what happened.” Meanwhile, Gaetz has put forward a bill he said will increase transparency and fix the issues outlined in the audit — including conducting monthly checks of where students are going to school and assigning each voucher student an ID number that can be cross-checked with public school enrollment lists.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/landmark-case-supreme-court-rule-trumps-bid-control/story?id=128073464
Article: In landmark case, Supreme Court to rule on Trump's bid to control independent agencies For more than 100 years, independent government agencies have regulated American monetary policy and stock trades, transportation systems and election campaigns, consumer product safety and broadcast licenses all free from direct political interference and supervision by the White House. A major case before the Supreme Court on Monday could upend that tradition and dramatically transform the federal government, eliminating a spirit of bipartisanship and policy continuity that Congress had intended to instill in key areas of American life when it created the agencies. At issue is President Donald Trump's attempt to remove Rebecca Slaughter, a Democrat, as a member of the Federal Trade Commission on grounds that her service is "inconsistent with the administration's priorities." She was appointed to a seven-year term in 2023. Al Drago/Bloomberg via Getty Images Lower courts have held that Slaughter's termination was illegal since federal law stipulates a president may only remove a commissioner for "inefficiency, neglect of duty, or malfeasance in office." The for-cause removal protection was intended to insulate the FTC from politics. "Congress designed these agencies, like the FTC, like the [Federal Reserve], like [Securities and Exchange Commission], the whole panoply of independent agencies to have bipartisan voices so that there could be accountability and transparency," Slaughter said in an interview with ABC News earlier this year. Some two dozen organizations, including the Federal Election Commission, Federal Communications Commission and National Transportation Safety Board, are also made up of members appointed by presidents for a fixed term and protected by law from removal for purely political or policy reasons. Trump has also tried to fire members of the National Labor Relations Board, Merit Systems Protection Board, Consumer Finance Protection Bureau and Federal Reserve -- all of whom have challenged their removals in court. David Ake/Getty Images The Constitution "vests all 'the executive Power' in the president and requires him to 'take care that the laws be faithfully executed,'" Trump’s attorneys argue in their brief to the high court, quoting from Article II. They insist the language inherently includes power to remove "executive officers of the United States whom he has appointed." In a unanimous 1935 decision, however, the Supreme Court upheld the design of independent agencies, concluding their role as quasi-legislative and quasi-judicial bodies makes them distinct from executive branch departments and not subjected to a president's whims. "I think we all expect the Court to give the president a lot more control over these so-called independent administrative agencies and bring back some political accountability within the executive branch," said Sarah Isgur, SCOTUSblog editor and an ABC News legal contributor. "We also have to hope that will force Congress to stop delegating vast and vague powers to the executive branch and these agencies once they're under his direction," she added. "It may influence how agencies conduct investigations, enforce regulations and oversee markets, while introducing uncertainty into regulatory oversight that affects investment and long-term planning," said Varu Chilakamarri, a former Justice Department attorney and appellate litigator with the law firm K & L Gates. The Supreme Court’s decision will also determine the fate of Cathy Harris, a Trump-fired member of the Merit Systems Protection Board, and Gwynne Wilcox, a Trump-fired member of the National Labor Relations Board, both of whom are also contesting the president's actions on grounds identical to Slaughter’s. While removal protections for members of the central bank's board of governors are similar to those at the FTC and other agencies, the justices have made clear in their view that the bank is different. "The Federal Reserve is a uniquely structured, quasi-private entity that follows in the distinct historical tradition of the First and Second Banks of the United States," the Supreme Court wrote in an unsigned opinion in May.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/heres-immigration-enforcement-affecting-school-enrollment-districts/story?id=128057477
Article: The Trump administration's surge in law enforcement has created a chilling effect on student attendance in school districts nationwide, but it appears that preliminary data and attendance trackers from some districts do not show a large-scale enrollment plunge due to Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) operations near school grounds. Despite this, the Chicago Public Schools system said its attendance remains "largely consistent" with last year as some student groups are seeing dips in attendance at "discrete points" -- referring to individual, separate events -- this fall. After it saw a surge in troops in August and September during a 30-day federal takeover , preliminary data shows the city's attendance rate was within one percentage point of the same time period in the previous school year for "all students," according to the Office of the State Superintendent of Education. Los Angeles Unified School District (LAUSD), the nation's second largest school system after New York City's, has a 94% attendance rate for the 2025-2026 school year, according to the district's website. Falling birth rates, self-deportation, migration and other factors have caused a drop in K-12 enrollment and attendance in certain parts of the country so far this year, according to data from school districts around the country, including the Los Angeles and Miami-Dade County public school systems, which both saw 4% decreases in 2025-2026 enrollment. Fear from immigrant communities Despite preliminary estimates of student enrollment, the Trump administration's immigration curb has left immigrant families and communities fearful of returning to school each day -- from the nation's capital to Los Angeles, California -- according to education leaders and experts who spoke to ABC News. The immigration operations near LAUSD, home to over 400,000 students, coincided with a drop in more than 16,000 students to start the current school year, according to an LAUSD spokesperson. "When families are afraid to be seen, or when they cannot afford to remain in their communities, they are less likely to enroll, reenroll, or stay in public schools," Carvalho said in a statement to ABC News. The Trump administration has lifted longstanding restrictions that kept ICE from conducting immigration enforcement raids on K-12 schools and other sensitive areas, including churches and hospitals, but this decision was made to ensure students and school communities are safe from criminal activity, according to Department of Homeland Security Assistant Secretary Tricia McLaughlin. We expect these to be extremely rare." '[She] probably won't go to classes' In Charlotte, North Carolina, on the first day back to school after federal agents implemented an operation dubbed Charlotte's Web, an immigration enforcement action around Mecklenburg County last month, 30,000 students were absent from Charlotte-Mecklenburg Schools, the school district said. The dip in attendance to start that week accounted for roughly one in every five students missing school, which was about a 14% drop from regular attendance rates, according to the school district. Virginia Foxx, who previously chaired the House's Education and Workforce Committee, told ABC News that other North Carolina districts are experiencing absenteeism as well and there's been little K-12 growth overall due to recent declines in birth rates. Brian Cassella/Chicago Tribune via Getty Images Pablo de la Canal, a career and technical education middle school teacher in Charlotte-Mecklenburg, told ABC News that he saw a noticeable absence in his immigrant students during the Charlotte's Web operation. "I know that there were a couple other teachers that got, you know, similar emails from parents, basically letting us know that the kids were not going to show up for school," de la Canal said. Educators rally during a press conference calling for the release of Benjamin Marcelo Guerrero-Cruz, who was taken by immigration agents while walking his family dog in front of the LAUSD Headquarters in Los Angeles, August 19, 2025. Keith Birmingham/Pasadena Star-News via Getty Images Meanwhile, many school districts like Charlotte, Los Angeles and Chicago have been offering remote learning, including for the immigrant families who are wary of the federal law enforcement agents in their communities.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/indonesia-repatriating-2-dutch-drug-traffickers-convicted-drug-128201093
Article: Indonesian officials say that two Dutch nationals imprisoned for drug trafficking will be repatriated to the Netherlands on Monday Dutch nationals facing death row Siegfried Mets, right, and serving life in prison, Ali Tokman, left, attend the handover ceremony between the representatives of Indonesian and Dutch government before their repatriation to the Netherlands, at Cipinang Prison in Jakarta, Indonesia, Monday, Dec. (AP Photo/Tatan Syuflana) Dutch nationals facing death row Siegfried Mets, right, and serving life in prison, Ali Tokman, left, attend the handover ceremony between the representatives of Indonesian and Dutch government before their repatriation to the Netherlands, at Cipinang Prison in Jakarta, Indonesia, Monday, Dec. (AP Photo/Tatan Syuflana) JAKARTA, Indonesia -- Indonesian officials said on Monday that two Dutch nationals imprisoned in Indonesia on drug trafficking convictions will be repatriated to the Netherlands later in the day following the agreement between the two countries. The two prisoners, including one who had been sentenced to death, were handed over by the Indonesian authorities to Dutch authorities at a prison in Jakarta, ahead of an evening flight. Indonesia's deputy minister for immigration and correctional coordination, I Nyoman Gede Surya Mataram, said at a news conference in Jakarta that the two men would continue to serve their prison sentences in the Netherlands. Another prisoner, Ali Tokman, 65, was taken into custody at Surabaya airport in December 2014 after customs officers found slightly more than 6 kilograms (13.5 pounds) of brown-colored MDMA, a psychoactive drug. They included a Filipina who faced the death penalty for drugs, five Australians convicted of heroin trafficking, and two British nationals who also faced death penalty and life sentence for smuggling drugs to Indonesia. The United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime says Indonesia is a major drug smuggling hub despite having some of the strictest drug laws in the world, in part because international drug syndicates target its young population.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/turkish-police-officer-dies-gunshot-wounds-suffered-istanbul-128200806
Article: Turkish officials say a police officer has died after being shot during a drug raid in Istanbul By The Associated Press FILE - Police form barriers around women participating in a protest marking the International Day for the Elimination of Violence Against Women, in Istanbul, Turkey, Tuesday, Nov. (AP Photo/Emrah Gurel, File) FILE - Police form barriers around women participating in a protest marking the International Day for the Elimination of Violence Against Women, in Istanbul, Turkey, Tuesday, Nov. “Our police officer Emre Albayrak, who was seriously injured in a narcotics operation in the Cekmekoy district, could not be saved despite all interventions in the hospital to which he was taken and became a martyr,” Istanbul Governor’s Office said in a statement.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/flight-iranian-deportees-carrying-55-left-us-iran-128200560
Article: A second flight of Iranian deportees, carrying 55, has left the US, Iran says TEHRAN, Iran -- A second flight carrying Iranians deported from the United States has left America, Iranian officials said, as Washington reportedly planned to send hundreds of prisoners back to the Islamic Republic. A report published Monday by the Mizan news agency, the official mouthpiece of the Iran's judiciary, quoted Iranian Foreign Ministry official Mojtaba Shasti Karimi acknowledging the deportation of 55 Iranians.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Business/wireStory/climate-change-threatens-asias-water-power-systems-reports-128200901
Article: Climate change is hammering Asia’s water and power systems, endangering the lives and livelihoods of millions, with countries facing billions in protection costs, according to Asia-based lenders and advocacy groups BENGALURU, India -- Climate change is battering Asia’s water and power systems and putting millions in harm’s way, forcing countries to pour billions into shoring up basic services, according to two recent reports. Asian nations will need $4 trillion for water and sanitation between 2025 and 2040 — about $250 billion a year, the Asian Development Bank said in a report released Monday. By 2050, extreme weather could leave listed power companies in Asia-Pacific with about $8.4 billion a year in damage and lost revenue, a third higher than now, according to recent research by the Hong Kong-based non-profit Asia Investor Group on Climate Change and the New York-based MSCI Institute, a sustainability think tank. The ADB report says 2.7 billion people, about 60% of the Asia-Pacific population, have access to water for most of their basic needs but more than 4 billion still remain exposed to unsafe water, degraded ecosystems and escalating climate hazards. But Asia faces a triple threat: environmental pressures, low investment and climate change, said Vivek Raman, principal urban development specialist at the ADB and a lead author of the report. The report says water ecosystems were rapidly deteriorating or stagnating in 30 of the 50 Asian countries that were studied, plagued by unchecked development, pollution and land being converted to other uses. Asia’s rapid growth is both an opportunity and a challenge said Amit Prothi, director general of New Delhi-based Coalition for Disaster Resilient Infrastructure, who was not involved with the report. Extreme heat, floods and water shortages are already costing Asia’s power utilities $6.3 billion annually, a figure projected to exceed $8.4 billion by 2050 if companies fail to strengthen climate adaptation measures, research by the Asia Investor Group on Climate Change and the MSCI Institute shows. “Overall, if you were looking at the types of impacts and the preparedness of companies, most companies are at very early stages,” said Anjali Viswamohanan, director of policy at the Asia Investor Group on Climate Change. Its study of 2,422 power plants across China, Hong Kong, India, Indonesia, Japan, Malaysia and South Korea found extreme heat to be the costliest hazard, responsible for over half of all losses by 2050. Rapidly shifting climate risks make it hard to predict the costs and insurance needed to protect energy infrastructure, said Jakob Steiner, a geoscientist affiliated with the University of Graz, who wasn't involved in either report.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Business/wireStory/supreme-court-weighs-trumps-bid-fire-independent-agency-128199636
Article: The Trump administration’s push to expand control over independent federal agencies comes before a sympathetic Supreme Court that could overturn a 90-year-old decision limiting when presidents can fire board members A worker shovels snow and ice in front of the Supreme Court building during the first snowfall of the winter season on Friday, Dec. (AP Photo/Mark Schiefelbein) WASHINGTON -- The Trump administration's push to expand control over independent federal agencies comes before a sympathetic Supreme Court that could overturn a 90-year-old decision limiting when presidents can fire board members. Lawyers for the administration are defending President Donald Trump's decision to fire Federal Trade Commission member Rebecca Slaughter without cause and calling on the court to jettison the unanimous 1935 decision in Humphrey's Executor. The court's six conservative justices already have signaled strong support for the administration's position, over the objection of their three liberal colleagues, by allowing Slaughter and the board members of other agencies to be removed from their jobs even as their legal challenges continue. The only officials who have so far survived efforts to remove them are Lisa Cook, a Federal Reserve governor, and Shira Perlmutter, a copyright official with the Library of Congress. In 2020, Roberts wrote for the court that “the President’s removal power is the rule, not the exception” in a decision upholding Trump’s firing of the head of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau despite job protections similar to those upheld in Humphrey’s case. In the 2024 immunity decision that spared Trump from being prosecuted for his efforts to overturn the 2020 election results, Roberts included the power to fire among the president’s “conclusive and preclusive” powers that Congress lacks the authority to restrict. The court also was dealing with an FTC member who was fired, by President Franklin Roosevelt in 1935, who preferred his own choice at an agency that would have a lot to say about the New Deal.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/07/what-to-do-with-your-401k-when-you-retire.html
Article: Alistair Berg | Digitalvision | Getty Images When workers retire, a key decision they may face concerns their 401(k) savings — do they leave the money in their employer plan, or roll it over to an individual retirement account? Companies are increasingly adding features to their 401(k) plans that may entice retirees to leave their money there, including more flexibility for retiree withdrawals and annuity options in their lineups. It's also generally in the company's interest to keep retirees with large balances in its 401(k) plan, said Craig Copeland, director of wealth benefits research for the Employee Benefit Research Institute. 66% of savers worry they'll run out of money The slow but steady changes are coming as roughly 11,000 people turn age 65 every day, in what's called "peak 65" — the biggest number of Americans hitting that age in history, according to the Alliance for Lifetime Income. Older workers — those at least age 55 — are more likely than younger workers to self-direct their retirement investments versus use professional guidance, according to Vanguard's 2025 How America Retires study. Of course, it may not occur to retirees that they can leave their assets in their 401(k): More than half — 53% — of 401(k) participants are unaware that they don't have to move their money, according to a 2024 report from the Government Accountability Office. Small accounts may get the boot Most plans let you leave your assets there, including when you retire — though 2% of plans require you to move your money by age 65 or age 70, according to Vanguard. If the money is not put into another qualified retirement account (i.e., an IRA), it is considered a distribution that may be subject to income taxes and, potentially, a 10% early withdrawal penalty. Most 401(k) plans let retirees set up regular payments Last year, 68% of plans let retirees establish installment payments from their accounts, and 43% of plans allowed them to take partial ad hoc cash distributions — up from 59% and 16%, respectively, in 2015, Vanguard's research shows. "Many plans are rigid when it comes to withdrawals, not only in the frequency that is allowed but in selecting what to sell to fund a withdrawal," said certified financial planner Daniel Galli, principal with Daniel J. For example, he said, if you're invested in multiple funds in your 401(k) but you only want to withdraw from a particular one, you may not be able to do that. In contrast, in an IRA, "you can select which funds to sell, and this can allow you to sell investments that are doing well or better than others, potentially prolonging your portfolio," said CFP Rose Price, a financial advisor and partner with VLP Financial Advisors in Vienna, Virginia. Annuity options are starting to appear in plans Meanwhile, some 401(k) plans have started incorporating annuities in their lineup in various forms to help workers have guaranteed income in retirement. Although an annuity might include an investment component, it's a contract: You hand over your money and the provider (typically an insurance company) promises to issue regular payments to you across many years.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/07/6-splurges-cnbc-make-it-staff-say-were-worth-the-money-this-year.html
Article: My mom got it for me and initially I was like, "This takes up way too much cabinet space." But I've been so happy with it that I've convinced my grandfather and godmother to buy one too. It is big and a little heavy, but my building is all electric, and using this as opposed to my stove for most cooking has lowered my electricity use by around 25% compared with this time last year, which has lowered the bill. Wet/dry vacuum Price: $370 When my husband and I moved into our new house, among all the boxes and furniture the movers brought into our home, they left one much less desirable thing behind: boot marks. At the end of our exhausting moving day, I added some cleaner to the fresh water chamber and used the vacuum throughout our main bedroom and bathroom so that we could safely go barefoot as we prepared for bed.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/gallery/2025/12/8/syrians-celebrate-anniversary-of-bashar-al-assads-fall?traffic_source=rss
Article: In late November 2024, groups in the country’s northwest – led by Hayat Tahrir al-Sham, a rebel group whose then leader, Ahmed al-Sharaa, is now the country’s interim president – launched an offensive on the city of Aleppo, aiming to recapture it from the al-Assad government’s forces. The United Nations refugee agency said on Monday that some 1.2 million refugees, along with 1.9 million internally displaced people, had returned home since al-Assad was toppled, but warned that a decline in global funding for UN programmes and aid agencies could deter others.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/economy/2025/12/8/china-trade-surplus-tops-1tn-for-first-time-amid-pivot-to-counter-us-lull?traffic_source=rss
Article: China’s annual trade surplus in goods has topped $1 trillion for the first time, with plunging exports to the United States amid a tariff war more than compensated for by shipments to other markets, new data shows. Figures released by China’s General Administration of Customs on Monday showed the trade surplus for the first 11 months of the year hit $1.08 trillion in November, as exports climbed 5.9 percent year-on-year that month, reversing a 1.1 percent decline the month prior. Beijing and Washington have been locked in a bitter trade war involving hefty tariffs during the second administration of US President Donald Trump, forcing Chinese exporters to pivot to other markets – although the leaders of the world’s two largest economies agreed to pause the hostilities during a meeting in South Korea in October. Macron, fresh from a state visit to China, in an interview with the French newspaper Les Echos on Sunday, warned that Europe could follow the US in imposing tariffs on Beijing if the surplus were not reduced in the coming months. Zhiwei Zhang, president and chief economist at Pinpoint Asset Management, wrote in a note that November’s rebound of export growth had helped to “mitigate the weak domestic demand”, amid a slowdown in economic momentum being partly driven by weakness in the property sector.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/video/newsfeed/2025/12/8/al-jazeera-shows-destruction-in-syrias-old-city-of-aleppo?traffic_source=rss
Article: Al Jazeera shows destruction in Syria’s old city of Aleppo NewsFeed Al Jazeera shows destruction in Syria’s old city of Aleppo Al Jazeera’s Assed Baig reports from Aleppo on how the rebel offensive and regime instability led to the historical city’s fall, marking a major turning point in Syria’s 14-year war.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/politics/supreme-court/trumps-battle-independent-agencies-back-supreme-court-rcna247407
Article: WASHINGTON — The Supreme Court on Monday weighs whether to drive the final nail into the coffin of the long-standing concept of independent federal agencies that operate at arm’s length from the president. In a significant case on the structure of the federal government, the conservative-majority court is hearing arguments on whether President Donald Trump had the authority to fire a member of the Federal Trade Commission regardless of a law enacted by Congress to insulate the agency from political pressures. The court has already signaled, with strong opposition from the three liberal justices, that Trump is likely to win the case by allowing the Democratic-appointed commissioner, Rebecca Kelly Slaughter, to be removed from office while the litigation continues. Since taking office in January, Trump has sought to dramatically remake the federal government by downsizing agencies whose missions he does not favor, withholding Congress-approved spending he opposes and firing thousands of career federal employees. The MAGA movement and allied business interests have long targeted federal workers and the agencies where they work as a shadowy, unaccountable “deep state.” Government bodies set up by Congress to be independent of the president have been a particular focus of the Trump administration. Trump’s legal team has fully embraced a conservative legal argument called the “unitary executive theory,” which asserts that the president has the exclusive authority under Article 2 of the Constitution to exert executive power, including making regulatory decisions. In line with that argument, which has been favored by conservative Supreme Court justices in previous cases, Trump has sought to take over agencies, notwithstanding the restrictions imposed by Congress. Nevertheless, Trump has fired, without cause, members not just of the FTC but also many other agencies that have power over vital health, safety, labor and environmental issues, including the Consumer Product Safety Commission, the Surface Transportation Board and the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission. The administration has also gone further afield, asserting the power to fire officials in bodies set up by Congress that are not under the executive branch, including the Library of Congress. In doing so, the conservative majority has faced considerable criticism over how it has frequently ruled in favor of Trump via emergency orders without hearing oral arguments or issuing detailed rulings. In a May order, the court suggested that the Federal Reserve is different from other agencies because it is “uniquely structured.” The justices will hear arguments in Cook’s case in January.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/world/ukraine/trump-zelenskyy-hasnt-read-russia-ukraine-peace-plan-war-europe-putin-rcna247956
Article: Speaking to reporters Sunday, Trump said he was “a little bit disappointed that President Zelenskyy hasn’t yet read the proposal.” It was unclear exactly which version of the peace plan Trump was referencing. Putin’s foreign policy aide Yuri Ushakov said Sunday the American side would have to make “radical changes” to the draft on “some issues.” There was no immediate reaction from Zelenskyy, but his top negotiator said he would brief the Ukrainian leader on Monday following the talks in Miami. "The primary task of the Ukrainian team was to obtain from the American side complete information about their conversation in Moscow and all drafts of current proposals in order to discuss them in detail with the President of Ukraine," Rustem Umerov said in a post on X. Genya Savilov / AFP via Getty Images Zelenskyy said late Sunday that he had spoken with Trump’s special envoy Steve Witkoff and son-in-law Jared Kushner, who had held five hours of talks with Putin in Moscow last week.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/white-house-responds-to-report-trump-considering-replacing-kristi-noem-11172137
Article: The White House has rejected a report that said that President Donald Trump is considering replacing Secretary of Homeland Security Kristi Noem, who has overseen a major immigration crackdown central to the administration’s agenda. White House spokeswoman Abigail Jackson wrote on X on Sunday: “Anonymous former staffers pretend to know what POTUS is thinking and the Bulwark treats them as credible?” “This ‘report’ — and the Bulwark — is total FAKE NEWS!

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/dennys-closing-stores-nationwide-list-locations-impacted-11172019
Article: Newsweek has contacted Denny’s via email outside of regular hours for comment Why It Matters Denny’s has also announced plans to open new restaurants as it comes to the end of the footprint-reduction plan, which it said was necessary to improve financial efficiencies and strengthen the brand. In early November, Denny's said it had entered into an agreement to be sold for $620 million to TGI Fridays-owner TriArtisan Capital Advisors, Treville Capital Group and Yadav Enterprises, an owner-operator of around 550 restaurants across the U.S. The company has been closing stores since 2023 as it attempts to get back on firm financial footing, and its CEO Kelli Valade said it aims to return to "net flat to positive growth by 2026." Following its second quarter results, executives highlighted the need to be "proactive" in closing "lower-volume restaurants," and in its most recent earnings call, Denny’s said its strategy had boosted revenues and helped to "improve the overall health of the brand." ... While Denny’s has not released a list of which stores will or have closed as part of this effort, AOL has tracked and confirmed a number that have shuttered in recent weeks. Frontage Road, New Braunfels What People Are Saying Denny’s CEO Kelli Valade, during an earnings call in August, said: "The surgical and methodical approach, which began in 2023 and will be completed by the end of this year, was specifically designed to optimize and enhance the overall health of the franchise system with the goal of returning to net flat to positive growth by 2026. Rationalizing the portfolio was the right thing to do, and we’re seeing the results that we wanted and expected from this process." What Happens Next The $620 million acquisition is expected to close in the first quarter of 2026, Denny’s said last month, but remains subject to regulatory and shareholder approval.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/trump-administration-mlk-day-national-parks-free-days-backlash-11171497
Article: Newsweek has contacted the National Park Service (NPS), the Department of the Interior (DOI), the National Parks Conversation Association and The King Center outside of regular working hours via email for comment. Why It Matters In its announcement of plans to modernize park access and prioritize affordability for Americans, the DOI shared the list of the National Parks fee-free days, or as it called them, "resident-only patriotic fee-free days." In place of MLK Day, a federal holiday paying tribute to the civil rights leader's equality and justice legacy, and Juneteenth, a federal holiday commemorating the end of slavery in the U.S., the department's list of fee-free days in 2026 instead included more former presidents' birthdays, as well as Flag Day—which is President Donald Trump's birthday. The removal of MLK Day—which has been a fee-free day since 2018—and Juneteenth—brought in as a fee-free day in 2024—follows the Trump administration's pause earlier this year of these days of remembrance and others as part of a ban on diversity, equity and inclusion programs. What To Know The decision to exclude MLK Day and Juneteenth removes two of the nation's most prominent civil rights holidays as National Parks fee-free days, while the department focuses on what it calls its "America-first" policies, which not only included the change in fee-free days, but also changes to National Park entrance costs for foreign visitors and new digital passes, which have Trump on them, according to the news outlet People. While presidential administrations have made alterations to the fee-free days in the past, the particular removal of MLK Day is worrying, she said, noting that the day has become a popular day of service for community groups that use the free day to perform volunteer projects at parks. deserves a day of recognition…For some reason, Black history has repeatedly been targeted by this administration, and it shouldn’t be." Some lawmakers have also reacted to the move, with Democratic Senator Catherine Cortez Masto of Nevada writing in a post on the social media platform X: "The President didn’t just add his own birthday to the list, he removed both of these holidays that mark Black Americans’ struggle for civil rights and freedom. Our country deserves better." Democratic Representative for New York Gregory Meeks also wrote in a post on X: "Making Trump’s birthday a free-entry day at national parks while eliminating MLK Day and Juneteenth is foul. Families are struggling to get by—that’s where his focus should be." Members of the public have also taken to X to say how "racist" the decision is, with others even deeming it "narcissistic and corrupt." A former under secretary of state for the Barack Obama administration, Richard Stengel, also wrote in a post on X that the only other country that has their current leader's birthday as a national holiday is North Korea. taxpayers, who already support the National Park System, continue to enjoy affordable access, while international visitors contribute their fair share to maintaining and improving our parks for future generations." What People Are Saying Tyrhee Moore, the executive director of Soul Trak Outdoors, a nonprofit that connects urban communities of color to the outdoors, told SFGATE: "This policy shift is deeply concerning. These holidays hold profound cultural and historical significance for Black communities, and eliminating them as access points feels like a direct targeting of the very groups who already face systemic barriers to the outdoors." What Happens Next The first of the fee-free National Park days for 2026 will be Presidents' Day, which commemorates the birthdays of former Presidents George Washington and Abraham Lincoln, on February 16, skipping MLK Day on January 20.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/us-israel-exercises-response-iran-navy-muscle-flexing-11171666
Article: "The exercise, which aims to strengthen strategic and operational cooperation between the two naval forces, and practice responses to various regional threats, will continue throughout the week." the Israel Defense Forces said in a statement posted on X. Its deployments typically include a mix of vessels such as a nuclear-powered aircraft carrier, guided-missile cruisers, Arleigh Burke—class destroyers, and other escort and patrol ships, giving the fleet the flexibility to conduct power projection, maritime security, and anti-ship or air defense operations across the region. What People Are Saying Israel Defense Forces statement: "The purpose of the exercise is to strengthen strategic and operational cooperation between the two navies and practice dealing with various regional threats." Iran's Foreign Ministry spokesperson said on Sunday: "U.S. With Iran advancing its missile and naval capabilities and the memory of the June 12-Day War still fresh, the exercises raise the specter of another conflict, keeping the region on alert.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/trump-disappointed-zelensky-russia-ukraine-peace-plan-11171692
Article: Both sides have said there was progress, but Trump’s claim suggested he was unhappy with Zelensky’s approach, adding to uncertainty over whether a deal to end the war was imminent, nearly three years after Russia invaded its neighbor. What To Know Trump was speaking following talks in Florida between Rustem Umerov, secretary of the National Security and Defense Council of Ukraine, and Trump envoys Steve Witkoff and Jared Kushner. peace plan and that "Russia’s fine with it." Trump then said: "I'm not sure that Zelensky is fine with it." The Ukrainian president had previously rejected proposals that would force Ukraine to hand over territory to Russia and limit its military. Zelensky also said in a social media post that "Ukraine deserves a dignified peace, and whether there will be peace depends entirely on Russia." What People Are Saying President Donald Trump said on Sunday: "I'm a little bit disappointed that President Zelensky hasn't yet read the proposal. That was as of a few hours ago." Ukrainian president Volodymyr Zelensky said on X: "Ukraine deserves a dignified peace, and whether there will be peace depends entirely on Russia—on our collective pressure on Russia and on the sound negotiating positions of the United States, Europe, and all our other partners." What Happens Next Trump’s envoy for Ukraine, Keith Kellogg, said Saturday that a peace agreement to end Russia's war was nearing completion, although Kyiv’s comments do not appear to show that any deal was imminent.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sri-lanka-dissanayake-cyclone-ditmah-india-china-11171507
Article: Sri Lanka is struggling to recover from the devastating Cyclone Ditwah even as it was trying to rebuild from a debt crisis and political turmoil, President Anura Kumara Dissanayake told Newsweek in an exclusive interview as he called for a new approach for debt-burdened countries vulnerable to climate change. Cyclone Ditwah tore through the Indian Ocean island in late November, leaving well over 600 people dead and 20,000 homeless and causing damage estimated by the president to be in the billions of dollars. Dissanayake was elected just over a year ago on promises of reform in the wake of a 2022 financial crunch that led to protests that brought down the long-standing Rajapaksa political dynasty and then austerity policies as a condition for debt relief. Sri Lanka holds an important geopolitical position given its proximity and cultural ties to India but also close relations with China – its biggest lender – without forgetting the United States as its largest export market. Debt to China Sri Lanka was held up by China’s critics as a prime example of “debt-trap diplomacy”, particularly over borrowing for the Hambantota deep water port and Port City. The projects are realities that we must manage with clear-eyed assessment of Sri Lanka’s interests.” Before Cyclone Ditwah struck, Dissanayake had been facing the challenge of meeting the expectations of supporters. Our partners should see whether we are moving in the right direction and whether our reforms are substantive.” The president said authorities were working with victims’ groups, civil society organisations and local experts on a process for addressing past rights violations, including during the civil war marked by atrocities.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/democratic-governors-share-2026-plans-to-counter-maga-and-trump-11170822
Article: Democratic governors from across the country descended upon the Arizona Biltmore Hotel this past weekend to lay out their 2026 midterm battle strategy to defeat President Donald Trump and his Make America Great Again (MAGA) movement. The DGA leads the Democratic Party’s nationwide electoral strategy and played a key role in the 2025 victories of candidates Mikie Sherrill in New Jersey and Abigail Spanberger of Virginia that helped the party unify around the message of promoting affordability. Red state Democratic Governor Laura Kelly of Kansas chaired the DGA during that cycle and on Sunday bestowed the reins of the organization to the nation’s only other red state Democratic governor, Andy Beshear of Kentucky. “We understand that the American dream feels like it is unattainable, and we're going to do everything we can to make sure that if you work hard and play by the rules, you can afford that house, you can take your family on vacation, you can live a good life, and we'll start winning in places we haven't for a long time.” ... At the start of next year, Democrats will control 24 of America’s 50 governorships, and Beshear predicted that by this time in 2026 the party will have clinched a majority. “I think that this is another high stakes election, and I think Democratic governors have been the frontline in protecting people from all the chaos coming out of Washington, D.C.” I spoke with DGA staff at the event who similarly said that they see their organization as a preeminent force in Democratic politics, which they acknowledged as a shift from where the organization was prior to the 2024 election. During the briefing with Beshear, I asked how he plans to further that vision through partnering with other state-focused organizations, like the Democratic Legislative Campaign Committee (DLCC)—which works to elect statehouse leaders. “As it relates to party building, first you start with the obvious: Stop with this obsession with the guy or gal on the white horse to come save the day—Stop," Newsom said. That’s why governors’ races matter.” Newsom said he believes the Democratic Party has “woken up” to that fact that state races matter but thinks the left has previously lacked such understanding while the right has made gains. Kelly said in a briefing that the party’s donor base is increasingly recognizing the importance of state races and said there’s been a growth in business entities and advocacy groups interested in the work of Democratic governors and getting them elected. As Kelly noted in a prior exclusive interview with Newsweek, the reasons for her success in ruby red Kansas came from focusing on issues specific to the state over those being deliberated in Washington and venturing to Kansas to speak with voters in communities where Democrats have historically underperformed. The ability of governors to reach new groups of people and easily show the work they’ve done is a reason why Kelly wants the party’s 2028 nominee to be a governor. The conversations and strategies developed at the Arizona Biltmore are likely to be those that shape the party’s platform come 2026, and if that year brings electoral success, they will likely also define its platform come 2028. As governors hone a winning message, they’ve also enhanced their credibility to serve as leaders within the party, and with the way Sherrill is communicating, we can expect to see state leaders make a grab for the party influence that has long been held by their D.C. “You have people in Washington who are acting like this is the 1980s, and they're just going to go to lunch, and it's going to all sort itself out,” Sherrill said.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/they-spent-everything-on-their-dream-retirement-homes-the-money-vanished-11141128
Article: All because of one man: Paul Beattie, a local developer who took millions from dozens of homeowners to build their dream retirement homes—but failed, in many cases, to deliver a finished product. The married couple, who are ranchers from Northern California, hired Beattie Development to build a home in March 2022 because the company “was very well recommended in the community,” Mary Ann Fitzgerald told Newsweek. “Paul Beattie had been building homes in Lee County for around 15 years, winning builder of the year for three years, and was, at one time, head of the Lee County Builders Association. The Kramers sold their home in Colorado and moved into a rental with their two dogs, telling themselves they could wait around for those nine to 12 months they were told were needed to build their forever home. “Needless to say, it took so long [to finish their Cape Coral home] that we didn’t get to enjoy any time with her because she passed away last year, when we moved here. How A Dream Turned Into ‘A Four-Year Nightmare’ As the months went by without progress, the Vissepos—like the Hayneses and other homeowners involved—kept asking Beattie what was going on, but they were told that any delays had been caused by Hurricane Ian, which struck Florida in September 2022. “Now I think it’s probably not worth what we’ve paid, because the price of properties dropped, it’s actually not quite worth what it cost, but we’re not looking to sell it in the next 5 minutes,” Paul Haynes said. When it became clear that Beattie Development was having huge money problems, in June 2024, the Fitzgeralds’ home was 46 percent completed, even though they had paid all but the last 6 percent of the amount due. The Fitzgeralds, who are in their 60s, had “worked hard” their entire lives to get to the point where they could afford to retire in Florida, “getting up at 4:30 a.m. “As for the nearly 100 homes that we estimate were in contract to build at the time our was being built, the amount of money we spent was enormous,” Mary Ann Fitzgerald said. Courtney Dellinger-Porter told Newsweek that, to this day, her family does not have a Certificate of Occupancy that allows them to live in the home they paid $300,000 out of their retirement savings to finish after Beattie Development left it “incomplete and uninhabitable.” She described the whole experience as “a four-year nightmare filled with empty promises, repeated delays, and ultimately, financial loss.” ... A few years ago, Wes Stuart Owen was diagnosed with a genetic error and neurological condition that causes his muscles to atrophy and which means that he will lose much of his mobility over time. For this reason, he and his wife Kim decided to retire in mid-2020 and move to Florida, with the idea of enjoying his last years of mobility in a house with a pool and in a city where he could continue playing his beloved pickleball. When Beattie Development went into liquidation, the showers weren't completely tiled, there was paint on the floor, the doors had no handles on them, “things like that,” Wes Stuart Owen said. “I feel like Paul Beattie and all these people just stole two years of my mobile life, because right now I’m pretty much having to give up pickleball already,” he added. ‘Where Is The Money?’ Multiple lawsuits were filed over the past year against Beattie Development, accusing the company of taking hundreds of thousands of dollars from homebuyers without ever actually completing the work they were hired for, or paying subcontractors. In the summer of 2024, the offices of the Cape Coral-based homebuilder were raided by law enforcement, as reported first by local TV channel WINK News, which had been following the issue since the very first claims were made. According to court filings mentioned by WINK News, Beattie Development was $11.5 million in debt—though documents didn’t even include all homeowners who said they had hired the company to build their dream homes. “Due to the nature of the case, we cannot provide further information at this time, but I can promise you our detectives are diligently working this case,” a spokesperson said. “To me, it’s like, why can they find the money?” Homeowners were told that their case had reached the Florida Attorney General, “but nobody’s ever contacted us in the 15 months since we filed this police report to tell us or ask us any questions,” Roberto Vissepo said. “I believe 80 percent of us were out of state or out of the country and we couldn’t be here back and forth, checking every weekend on the progress of our homes,” Roberto Vissepo said. “Not only did the builder abandon us, taking all of our life savings, but the lack of action by our elected officials and law enforcement forced us to take out a loan to finish the home on our own.” Some are angry at their lenders as well. Instead, we’ve been left picking up the pieces while Beattie Development appears to move on with impunity.” Newsweek contacted LMCU and the Florida Attorney General for comment by email on Wednesday, December 3. Gaugush, who represented Beattie in the liquidation case, told Newsweek in a statement in June: “The insolvency of Beattie Development Corporation (BDC) is an unfortunate reality of the business world. Every day that weighs heavily on Paul Beattie, who took pride in delivering quality housing for thousands of customers for years and enjoyed an impeccable reputation in the housing industry and the community. “And I just don’t want this to happen to other people because we all work hard for our money and we save and so we can finally, you know, retire. We know a lot of people who said they couldn’t retire, they have to keep working now because of him.” Gaugush did not respond to a further request for comment in November. A Happy Ending Of Their Own Making The Fitzgeralds, the Hayneses, the Kramers, and the Vissepos are all now part of a group of about 80 former Beattie Development customers who get together to help each other finish their homes and encourage optimism. And he took advantage of all of us.” This embarrassment and shame are shared by many former Beattie Development customers—but together, they are determined to move on and enjoy the life they were dreaming of in the first place. “And I think that literally spending hours here, weeks at a time, scrubbing the floors, putting the doorknobs on, finding the vendors, overseeing them, doing all that—I took a great sense of ownership in the home,” he added.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/philippines-flyby-china-military-base-south-china-sea-11171163
Article: The Philippines has released footage showing a patrol aircraft flying past a militarized Chinese artificial island on Saturday while conducting surveillance in the contested Spratly Islands, and claims the Chinese side fired flares toward the plane. Why It Matters China asserts sovereignty over more than 80 percent of the South China Sea, a crucial global trade route that is also claimed in part by Vietnam, the Philippines, Malaysia, Brunei and Taiwan. Tensions between Beijing and Manila have grown in recent years as Chinese vessels set up blockades and use forceful tactics near features that lie within the maritime zone claimed by the U.S. What To Know The "routine" maritime domain awareness flight was jointly conducted by the Philippine fisheries bureau and coast guard over the Spratly’s Kalayaan Island Group "as part of its legitimate mandate to protect the country’s maritime jurisdiction and the livelihood of Filipino fishermen," coast guard spokesperson Jay Tarriela wrote on X. Video from the aircraft captured activity at Subi Reef—one of three reefs fully militarized by China inside the Philippine exclusive economic zone during its artificial island-building campaign in the 2010s. Tarriela said the fisheries bureau recorded three flares being fired toward the Philippine plane "during its lawful overflight" near Subi, though Manila has not yet released footage of this to the public. Two Chinese coast guard cutters and a hospital ship were observed at Subi Reef, along with 29 ships from what analysts refer to as the "Maritime Militia." China has dismissed the term, insisting the vessels are crewed by patriotic fishermen. He stressed that the Philippine patrol aircraft was "flying well within Philippine sovereignty rights." The Philippine patrol also reported Vietnamese activity, including a research vessel southwest of Sandy Cay, as well as two fishing vessels and a coast guard ship anchored near Rurock Island. What People Are Saying Tarriela wrote Sunday in a separate X post: "While the nation is understandably focused on holding corrupt officials and contractors accountable in public works projects, the Philippine Coast Guard remains steadfast in fulfilling our patriotic duty: patrolling our waters and skies in the West Philippine Sea." Zhang Xiaogang, spokesperson for China's Defense Ministry said in October while responding to an earlier Philippine patrol: "The Chinese side will firmly safeguard our territorial sovereignty and maritime rights and interests with legitimate, legal, professional and prudent actions to protect our rights. We would never allow any provocation and trouble-making to work, nor would we leave any room for blackmailing the big by the small." What Happens Next China is expected to keep expanding its activities in the area, while Manila has vowed to continue challenging and publicizing such actions.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cwyvee57xz5o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: I lost £13k after my second-hand EV turned out to be a clone car 5 hours ago Share Save Amy Mackrill , BBC Wales and Catherine Earlam , You and Yours Share Save BBC "I'm a victim, I'm paying five years for something I don't own," says Sevak Maljian A man who unknowingly bought a stolen car for £13,000, after fraudsters allegedly used a sophisticated type of identity theft to "clone" it, is urging others to be vigilant. Sevak Maljian, 35, made what seemed like a well-researched purchase of the Kia EV6 with no idea the car was sold to him with replica identity documents of another vehicle, complete with identification numbers and what appeared to be a genuine DVLA V5C logbook. Mr Maljian, a physiotherapist and NHS project support officer, said he first saw the three-year-old electric car advertised on Facebook in September and, after messaging the seller, they agreed on an "attractive price" if it was paid for in cash. He travelled to London and met the seller outside Putney station on 5 October before viewing the car outside the address listed in its DVLA V5C vehicle registration certificate (logbook). "All the details matched including the mileage, the colour, the specs of the car." The seller also showed him what appeared to be a genuine logbook, complete with watermarks and had matching ID. Cars also carry a Vehicle Identity Number (VIN) which is stamped into the chassis - the main load-bearing frame of the car - but can also be found on the windscreen, side of the dashboard, or the door jamb. Mr Maljian said: "I did check the ones that are easily accessible which were on the front windshield and at the door but I did not on the chassis because it's usually not an accessible place." While the all-cash payment rang alarm bells "a little", he was confident that if he did all the checks he would not have anything to worry about. The shock came days later when he took the car to a local Kia dealership to ask about a faulty button on the key fob designed to access the boot. Sevak Maljian Sevak Maljian purchased the Kia EV6 for £13,000 in October Mr Maljian, who had taken out a personal loan to buy the car, was left with nothing, and is still having to pay £236 a month to repay his debt. I lost my money… I'm paying five years for something I don't own." He says he feels frustrated that multiple security layers, DVLA documents, VINs and key coding systems could be bypassed. He said he contacted Kia to point out that the car was still under warranty and it should not have been able to bypass the security on such a "high value item". "Anyone who believes they may have been a victim of fraud should contact the police through Report Fraud straight away." The case is currently being investigated by Report Fraud - formerly known as Action Fraud - and City of London Police, who have been contacted for comment.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c741z7z1k81o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Poverty champion ran secret hate mail campaign 5 hours ago Share Save Marc Waddington North West Investigations Share Save BBC Gerard Woodhouse was a high-profile anti-poverty campaigner in Liverpool Kay Davies is still moved to tears by the memory of the letter she found when going through her late mother's belongings. Now, the 62-year-old is facing a potential jail sentence for bombarding a former lord mayor of the city with up to 100 anonymous hate letters – sometimes up to five a day. His stories of impoverished families who had to draw Christmas trees on their walls because they could not afford the real thing earned him regular appearances in the local press, and on regional and national TV news. Kay Davies says her complaints about Woodhouse were not acted upon by the council's leadership In 2018, she and other people connected to the County ward became the focus of an abusive, anonymous Twitter account. I sent him 20 or 30 emails saying 'please help me, look at this, can you look into this?' and it even got to the point where I asked if the council would pay for this to be investigated properly. PA Media Kay Davies said Joe Anderson had refused to spend public money on investigating Woodhouse By now, Ms Davies was starting to feel that Woodhouse was being treated differently to others. He was allowed to keep his special mayoral allowance money – in contrast, she said, to how another Labour politician on the council had been treated when he was reported to have made derogatory comments about colleagues. Michelle Langan received a number of anonymous letters in the post Michelle Langan, 52, began receiving letters in the post to her home address in 2021, when she was still active in the Labour Party. "Every time one of these letters that had a typewritten font on the front came through my door, I just felt sick to the pit of my stomach." Michelle said she would feel sick when she saw another letter had arrived She had her suspicions that it was someone within the party sending them. Gerard Woodhouse said this letter was written by a child at his foodbank, but the handwriting raised suspicions While Woodhouse's time as a Labour councillor was coming to an end – which he blamed publicly on his past support for Jeremy Corbyn – his profile as an anti-poverty campaigner showed no signs of waning. During the pandemic, he had received a letter to his home address which contained two of his Green Party campaign leaflets, torn up, and an abusive letter written in red pen. Kevin Robinson-Hale said when he received the letter, other people told him they recognised the writing as Woodhouse's During Right To Food Week 2023, Woodhouse posted on Twitter what he described as "a powerful letter from one of our children". "I sent it to a couple of people who'd had the same and they confirmed it was Gerard's writing, basically." A letter received by Kevin Robinson-Hale included an allegation that he himself was writing "poison pen letters" The BBC took the two letters to forensic handwriting expert Lis Briggs, whose expertise is used by police forces. As far as she was concerned, there was a strong case that the same person who had penned the letter from the little girl had written the abusive letter to Mr Robinson-Hale. Ms Briggs said: "While I can never give a definite opinion because we're talking about copy documents here, in my opinion there is strong evidence that the same person wrote the two letters and it's unlikely that two people were responsible." While there had been suspicions about Woodhouse's activities, the council had been made aware and police had been provided with evidence by Ms Langan, it was a breakthrough in summer this year that led detectives to his door. Forensic handwriting expert Lis Briggs said the two letters she analysed appeared to be written by the same person, in her professional opinion Christine Banks, a former Liverpool lord mayor and long-standing Labour councillor, had been receiving abusive cards in the post for up to two years. Christine Bank received up to 100 letters from Gerard Woodhouse In mitigation, he claimed he had been suffering from a "severe mental illness", but offered no further explanation of why he had targeted his former Labour colleague. Ms Davies believes she was targeted by him because they fell out over how funding was being allocated in their ward, and Ms Langan does not know why she should have been in his sights. Gerard Woodhouse said he was suffering from severe mental health problems when he targeted Christine Banks The BBC has asked Woodhouse if he was behind the letters to Davies, Ms Langan and Mr Robinson-Hale, but he has not responded. The BBC has contacted ex-mayor Mr Anderson, party whips and the Labour Party to ask if they believed they had failed to hold Woodhouse to account, but has received no reply.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cly1rryv2ryo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: How to tell the difference 24 minutes ago Share Save Dr Oscar Duke Doctor and BBC Morning Live expert, London Share Save Getty Images Chances are you know someone coughing and spluttering - hopefully not directly on you - right now. Medical doctor Dr Oscar Duke, who is also a regular TV presenter including on the BBC's Morning Live, shares his top tips to spot the difference and avoid the worst: Does colder weather cause colds? Colds Symptoms appear gradually Mostly affect nose and throat Early sign - pressure in your ears Chestier, mucus cough Flu Comes on suddenly Feel wiped out Fever, muscle aches, exhaustion Need bed rest Dry cough Covid Typical flu symptoms Loss of taste or smell Diarrhoea or tummy upset Many of the symptoms between cold, flu and more serious viruses like Covid, overlap. But remember that lots of cough and cold mixtures include traces of paracetamol, so make sure you're not accidentally taking too much Vitamin C: This is often thought to help defend against colds. Unless you're deficient, focusing on a healthy, balanced diet is far more important Vitamin D: A top-up of vitamin D in colder months is recommended by the NHS, because let's face it, we don't usually get much sunlight at this time of year in the UK Decongestant spray: Sure, they feel great and provide instant relief, but using sprays too often can cause rebound congestion- when your nose becomes dependent and swells without a fix. I suggest using them for no more than four of five days Chicken soup: There's little evidence of the dish fighting viruses directly, but its heat can help warm the back of your throat and soothe some of those symptoms.

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/12/08/nx-s1-5634585/redistricting-2026midterm-election-trump-congress
Article: After the Supreme Court's conservative majority ruled in favor of Texas lawmakers last week, Republicans head into the 2026 election year with an edge in the redistricting fight kicked off by President Trump. At this point, it appears the redistricting battle could tilt about 12 or 14 seats toward Republicans and Democrats could counter with around nine seats pushed their way — but that all depends on the outcome of pending court challenges and state legislative votes. Trump started the race in Texas, California countered States usually redistrict early in the decade after the decennial census determines how many seats each state gets based on their population. Also, some of the states that Democrats control have legal barriers to partisan gerrymandering — that is, drawing lines to benefit a party — or they have laws requiring that special commissions draw the lines.

Link: https://feeds.texastribune.org/link/16799/17226052/texas-crypto-currency-investment
Article: See our AI policy , and give us feedback Texas has launched its new cryptocurrency reserve with a $5 million purchase of Bitcoin as the state continues to embrace the volatile and controversial digital currency. The purchase is one of the first of its kind by a state government, made during a year where the price of Bitcoin has exploded amid the embrace of the digital currency by President Donald Trump’s administration and the rapid expansion of crypto mines in Texas. Texas is leading the way once again, and we’re proud to do it.” The purchase represents half of the $10 million the Legislature appropriated for the strategic reserve during this year’s legislative session, but just a sliver of the state’s $338 billion budget. Once the public decides this really has no intrinsic value, then it will be over, and taxpayers will be left holding the bag.” The price of Bitcoin is down significantly from an all-time high of $126,080 in early October. Lee Bratcher, president of the Texas Blockchain Council, argued the state is making a good investment because the price of Bitcoin has trended upward ever since it first launched in early 2009. “We still want it to retain some of those volatility characteristics because that’s how we could see those upward moves that will benefit the state’s finances in the future.” Bratcher said the timing of the state’s investment was shrewd because he believes it is unlikely to be valued this low again. A 2023 study by energy research and consulting firm Wood Mackenzie commissioned by The New York Times found that Texans’ electric bills had risen nearly 5%, or $1.8 billion per year, due to the increase in demand on the state power grid created by crypto mines. “Instead it feels like they’re almost gambling our money on something that is known to be really volatile and has not shown to be a tide that raises all boats.” State Sen. Charles Schwertner, R-Georgetown, who authored the bill that created the fund, said at the time it passed that it will allow Texas to “lead and compete in the digital economy.” Disclosure: New York Times, Texas Blockchain Council and University of Houston have been financial supporters of The Texas Tribune, a nonprofit, nonpartisan news organization that is funded in part by donations from members, foundations and corporate sponsors.

Link: https://feeds.texastribune.org/link/16799/17226053/texas-hub-program-paused-comptroller-historically-underutilized-businesses
Article: The application she had submitted weeks ago to renew her business’s certification as a Historically Underutilized Business had been approved, despite acting state Comptroller Kelly Hancock’s late October announcement that he was freezing the program intended to give businesses owned by women, minorities and disabled veterans a boost when seeking state government contracts. But hours later, the comptroller’s office emailed Hartman again, notifying her and more than 15,000 other small businesses — nearly 97% of the certified HUB businesses in Texas — that they were being removed from the HUB program entirely. The owner of Tomball-based B2G Victory, Hartman has built her business around advising other small businesses about how to navigate the world of government contracting, making her the first call for many of her confused clients who also received the comptroller’s email. It’s tough right now … I’ve had a lot of sleepless nights.” Hartman and thousands of other HUB-certified businesses have faced uncertainty since Hancock first announced the freeze of the decades-old program, arguing that it may run afoul of both the state and U.S. The program launched in the 1990s and is administered by the Comptroller’s office, which certifies HUB businesses that can show a majority of their ownership is “economically disadvantaged” people — including women, Black Americans, Hispanic Americans, Asian Pacific Americans, Native Americans and service-disabled veterans. These emergency rules ensure Texas’ state contracting is free from gender or race discrimination and keep the program centered on those who earned this support through their service.” A frequently asked questions page on the Comptroller’s website assured HUB businesses with current government contracts that those agreements would be honored for the duration of the contract. Garry Olson, owner of Austin-based IT solutions company Semper Feye Solutions and a service-disabled veteran, had spent weeks fretting over the possibility of losing his ongoing state contracts if the HUB freeze did not end before his certification expires in February. “Recognizing quotas would be illegal, we put together a good faith program to look at whether or not agencies are making good faith efforts to bring in those categories that have been historically discriminated against.” State Sen. Royce West, D-Dallas, speaks at a press conference on the front steps of the Massachusetts State House in Boston on the 60th anniversary of the Voting Rights Act on Aug. “If we allow an officer not associated with the legislative body that passed the law signed by the governor to do this to this program, what else will they attempt to do that is outside the scope of their statutory authority?” West said. Companies scrambling to adjust without HUB Kate Kossack’s staffing agency, Cedar Park-based HireOps Staffing, was HUB-certified as a woman-owned business and is a subcontractor on a state contract in the health care field. She credited the HUB program with her success winning government contracts soon after starting her business in 2016 and said she believes the Comptroller’s decision will cause her business to lose money. “In staffing, it’s hard to compete with bigger firms … Not having restrictions from the state will open the door to let (larger companies) do absolutely whatever they want,” Kossack said. “We could just be left in the dust.” Helen Callier, who owns Kingwood-based BradLink LLC, a HUB-certified architectural design and project management firm, said she knows she will still be able to find work despite losing her HUB status, but her company will have to make changes. “The bottom line is that’s not the case, but you have to suit up and go after it now.” Hartman, the government contracting adviser, said losing her HUB status is unlikely to put her out of business, but she saw her revenue drop after the Comptroller’s office froze the program. Clients have hesitated to renew their contracts with her company after the freeze began, she added, and the company stands to lose as much as 25% of its annual revenue this year alone. As she fields calls from confused clients and works to interpret the latest guidance from the Comptroller, Hartman has spent the past week driving back and forth between the Houston area and Austin as she moves her father into hospice care. “I’m having to make a decision between what’s right for my industry, what’s right for my company, what’s right for my clients and what’s right for me as a daughter being there for my family,” Hartman said.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/norway-police-suspect-detained-shooting-shopping-center-injuries-128201758
Article: Norwegian police say a shopping center in the capital, Oslo, was safe to reopen for business after a gunman opened fire inside OSLO, Norway -- Norwegian police said Monday that a shopping center in the capital, Oslo, was safe to reopen for business after a gunman opened fire inside.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/flight-iranian-deportees-carrying-55-left-us-iran-128200559
Article: A second flight of Iranian deportees, carrying 55, has left the US, Iran says TEHRAN, Iran -- A second flight carrying Iranians deported from the United States has left America, Iranian officials said, as Washington reportedly planned to send hundreds of prisoners back to the Islamic Republic. A report published Monday by the Mizan news agency, the official mouthpiece of the Iran's judiciary, quoted Iranian Foreign Ministry official Mojtaba Shasti Karimi acknowledging the deportation of 55 Iranians.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/zelenskyy-heads-london-talks-european-allies-peace-plan-128201385
Article: Zelenskyy heads to London for talks with European allies on peace plan and security Ukraine President Volodymyr Zelenskyy gestures while speaking as he takes part in a joint news conference with the Irish Taoiseach Micheal Martin in Dublin, Ireland, Tuesday, Dec. (AP Photo/Peter Morrison) Ukraine President Volodymyr Zelenskyy gestures while speaking as he takes part in a joint news conference with the Irish Taoiseach Micheal Martin in Dublin, Ireland, Tuesday, Dec. (AP Photo/Peter Morrison) LONDON -- President Volodymyr Zelenskyy was meeting the French, German and British leaders in London on Monday as Kyiv’s European allies try to strengthen Ukraine’s hand in thorny talks on a U.S.-backed plan to end the Russia-Ukraine war. Zelenskyy said in a post on Telegram that talks had been “substantive” and that National Security and Defense Council Secretary Rustem Umerov and Chief of the General Staff Andrii Hnatov were traveling back to Europe to brief him. A major sticking point in the proposal is the suggestion Ukraine must cede control of its eastern Donbas region to Russia, which illegally occupies most but not all of its territory. In an exchange with reporters on Sunday night, President Donald Trump appeared frustrated with Zelenskyy, claiming the Ukrainian leader “hasn’t yet read the proposal.” “Russia is, I believe, fine with it, but I’m not sure that Zelenskyy’s fine with it," Trump said before taking part in the Kennedy Center Honors in Washington. "His people love it, but he hasn't read it." Trump has had a hot-and-cold relationship with Zelenskyy since riding into a second White House term insisting that the war was a waste of U.S.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/benin-coup-leaders-location-fate-hostages-unknown-after-128201287
Article: The apparent leader of a failed coup in Benin is on the run and the fate of hostages remains unclear a day after a group of soldiers attempted to overthrow the government of the West African nation FILE - Benin's President Patrice Talon attends a meeting with Brazilian President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva at Planalto presidential palace in Brasilia, Brazil, on May 23, 2024. (AP Photo/Eraldo Peres, File) FILE - Benin's President Patrice Talon attends a meeting with Brazilian President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva at Planalto presidential palace in Brasilia, Brazil, on May 23, 2024. (AP Photo/Eraldo Peres, File) LAGOS, Nigeria -- The apparent leader of a failed coup in Benin was on the run and the fate of hostages remained unclear a day after a group of soldiers attempted to overthrow the government of the West African nation. United Nations Secretary General António Guterres on Sunday condemned the attempted coup, saying it would “further threaten the stability of the region.” Nigeria’s President Bola Tinubu praised Nigeria's armed forces for standing “as a defender and protector of constitutional order in the Republic of Benin on the invitation of the government.” The Economic Community of West African States, the organization representing the regional bloc of nations, said Sunday it had deployed a standby force to Benin to help preserve democracy. Soldiers seized power last month in Guinea-Bissau after disputed election results, following Mali, Burkina Faso, Niger, Chad, Guinea and Gabon among the countries that have experienced similar takeovers in the past five years.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/wireStory/rodgers-tomlin-steelers-mahomes-reid-chiefs-128201568
Article: Aaron Rodgers and the Pittsburgh Steelers shut up the folks calling for Mike Tomlin’s departure _ for one week at least Rodgers, Tomlin and the Steelers aren't done yet; Mahomes, Reid and the Chiefs might be Pittsburgh Steelers running back Kenneth Gainwell (14) celebrates with quarterback Aaron Rodgers (8) after a touchdown during the first half of an NFL football game against the Baltimore Ravens, Sunday, Dec. (AP Photo/Stephanie Scarbrough) Pittsburgh Steelers running back Kenneth Gainwell (14) celebrates with quarterback Aaron Rodgers (8) after a touchdown during the first half of an NFL football game against the Baltimore Ravens, Sunday, Dec. Rodgers played his best game of the season and the Steelers held on for a 27-22 victory in Baltimore to move one game ahead of the Ravens in the AFC North. In a week where former Steelers star players Ben Roethlisberger and James Harrison said it’s time for a new coach in Pittsburgh, the team rallied around Tomlin and came up with its biggest victory of the season. You just have to lock in and put it all on the line.” In Green Bay, Jordan Love threw three TD passes and Keisean Nixon intercepted Caleb Williams’ pass in the end zone to secure a 28-21 victory over Chicago that moved the Packers ahead of the Bears in the NFC North. He’s in all-out pressure and he checks to that play, and just a great job by him.” Green Bay has a tough game next week on the road at the AFC West-leading Broncos (11-2) in Denver. The Chiefs’ defense was dominating Houston, holding the Texans to just 17 yards on five possessions that ended with punts in the second half before coach Andy Reid made an inexplicable decision to go for it on fourth-and-1 from Kansas City’s 31 in a game that was tied at 10 with just under 11 minutes remaining. After reaching the Super Bowl five times in the past six years, winning three times, they’ll need to win out and get a lot of help to reach the playoffs. Stroud's heroics and a suffocating defense, the Texans have won five in a row and have a shot to win their third straight division title after rebounding from an 0-3 start.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/08/berkshire-hathaways-todd-combs-investment-lieutenant-to-buffett-and-geico-ceo-is-leaving-for-jpmorgan.html
Article: Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway announced a number of structural changes before the legendary CEO steps aside at the end of this year, among them the departure of Todd Combs, investment officer and Geico CEO. Combs, 54, will be joining JPMorgan Chase , where he already served on the board, as head of the bank's new Security and Resiliency Initiative, to find direct equity investments in the defense, aerospace, healthcare and energy industries. JPMorgan, as usually is the case, has made a good decision." Combs joined Berkshire in 2010 from his hedge fund Castle Point and was brought in, along with Ted Weschler, to help manage Berkshire's portfolio of investments. Buffett is handing over the CEO reins to Greg Abel in 2026 and Combs' departure leaves some questions as to how the sizable equity holdings of Berkshire, which include Apple, Bank of America and Coca-Cola, will continue to be managed when he steps down. "Todd Combs is one of the greatest investors and leaders I've known, having successfully managed investments alongside the most respected and successful long-term investor of our time, Warren Buffett," said Dimon in a release. "Having served nine years on our Board, he truly understands all aspects of our company, and he supports the role we play helping make the world better and safer for all its citizens." Combs will have $10 billion to deploy to start with for JPMorgan's new initiative, which the bank said will ultimately commit $1.5 trillion to spur economic growth "make the world more secure." The Security and Resiliency Initiative will have an outside council to guide its strategy which includes, Amazon's Jeff Bezos, Dell Chairman Michael Dell, former Secretary of Defense Robert Gates and former Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/08/home-sellers-delisting-high-rate-realtor.html
Article: In October, however, delistings, which are reported with a one-month lag, were up 45.5% year to date and up nearly 38% from October 2024, according to a new report from Realtor.com. In addition, more potential buyers are heading to what Realtor.com calls "refuge markets." These are areas where home prices are much more affordable and didn't see the runup in prices during the first years of the pandemic. "These dynamics reflect how higher rates and years of rapid price growth have rewritten the rules of engagement for both buyers and sellers." Hale does forecast a gradual improvement next year, with potentially lower mortgage rates and more consistent supply creating an increasingly balanced market between buyer and seller.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/8/zelenskyy-to-meet-european-allies-amid-us-peace-plan-pressure?traffic_source=rss
Article: Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy is set to meet key European allies as the United States ramps up pressure on Kyiv to agree to a peace plan designed to end the war with Russia. The Ukrainian leader will also meet NATO chief Mark Rutte, and EU leaders Antonio Costa and Ursula von der leyen in Brussels, as concerns grow that the US is trying to force Kyiv to accept unfavourable terms. US President Donald Trump has appeared to adopt a “great powers” approach and to be drawn to accepting Russian narratives in his self-appointed role as the ultimate mediator in the war, which erupted four years ago with Russia’s full-scale invasion of Ukraine. The biggest sticking point is understood to be a requirement that Ukraine cede control of its eastern Donbas region to Russia, which currently illegally occupies most but not all of the territory. “There are visions of the US, Russia and Ukraine, and we don’t have a unified view on Donbas,” he said early on Monday, adding that Kyiv is seeking a separate pact on security guarantees from Western allies, particularly the US. But he isn’t ready.” Ukraine is facing one of the toughest phases of the nearly four-year war, with Russian forces advancing in the east and intensified attacks causing widespread power outages across cities and towns. The Ukrainian leader’s top negotiator, Rustem Umerov, said on Monday that he would brief the president about his team’s dialogue with US officials and receive all documents related to the peace plan. The US document last week warns that Europe faces so-called “civilizational erasure”, identifies ending the war in Ukraine as a “core” US interest, and signals a shift towards restoring “strategic stability” with Moscow.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/pop-culture/celebrity/katy-perry-justin-trudeau-make-official-social-media-rcna247955
Article: Perry, a 13-time Grammy nominee, posted on Saturday a video on Instagram that showed her eating sushi in Tokyo as Trudeau, with his arm behind her, looked on with an amorous gaze. Kishida, who met with Trudeau multiple times during their time in office, said in his Japanese-language post that the Canadian had “visited Japan with his partner and joined me and my wife for lunch.” “Katy and I were so glad to have the chance to sit down with you and Yuko,” replied Trudeau, who left office in March after almost 10 years as prime minister. @katyperry / via Instagram Though neither Trudeau nor Perry have officially commented on their relationship, their social media confirmation is the culmination of months of speculation that began when the couple was first spotted in July having dinner in Montreal. Trudeau said in August 2023 that he was separating from his wife of 18 years, Sophie Grégoire, with whom he has three children: sons Xavier and Hadrien and daughter Ella-Grace.

Link: https://www.latimes.com/politics/story/2025-12-08/in-first-year-in-senate-schiff-pushes-legislation-party-message-challenges-to-trump
Article: Senate, Adam Schiff delivered a floor speech on what he called “the top 10 deals for Donald Trump and the worst deals for the American people.” Schiff spoke of Trump and his family getting rich off cryptocurrency and cutting new development deals across the Middle East, and of the president accepting a free jet from the Qatari government. The speech was classic Schiff — an attempt by the former prosecutor to wrangle a complex set of graft allegations against Trump and his orbit into a single, cohesive corruption case against the president, all while serving up his own party’s preferred messaging on rising costs and the lack of affordability. Schiff — now serving his own six-year term — has remained the unblinking antagonist to Trump that many Californians elected him to be after watching him dog the president from the U.S. He’s also continued to serve as one of the Democratic Party’s most talented if slightly cerebral messengers, hammering Trump over his alleged abuses of power and the lagging economy, which has become one of the president’s biggest liabilities. Schiff has done so while also defending himself against Trump’s accusations that he committed mortgage fraud on years-old loan documents; responding to the devastating wildfires that ripped through the Los Angeles region in January; visiting 25 of California’s 58 counties to meet more of his nearly 40 million constituents; grilling Trump appointees as a member of the Senate Judiciary Committee; and struggling to pass legislation as a minority member of a profoundly dysfunctional Congress that recently allowed for the longest federal government shutdown in U.S. “It’s too bad for Californians that Pencil Neck is more focused on his hatred of the President than he is on the issues that matter to them.” “He’s been great for California,” said Rep. “He’s not afraid of taking on Trump, he’s not afraid of doing tough oversight, he’s not afraid of asking questions, and it’s clear that Donald Trump is scared of Adam Schiff.” Advertisement “While he may be a freshman in the Senate,” said Sen. He has introduced bills to strengthen homes against wildfires and other natural disasters, give tax relief to Los Angeles fire victims, strengthen California’s fire-crippled insurance market, study AI’s impact on the American workforce, reinstate a national assault weapons ban and expand federal tax credits for affordable housing. Advertisement He has also introduced bills to end Trump’s tariffs, rein in the powers of the executive branch, halt the president and other elected officials from getting rich off cryptocurrencies, and end the White House-directed bombing campaign on alleged drug boats in the Caribbean. But he said he also believes Democrats need to “point out what they’re for” to voters more often, and is proud to have put his name on bills that are important to him and he believes will bring down costs for Californians. As an example, he said his recent Housing BOOM (Building Occupancy Opportunity for Millions) Act is about building “millions of new homes across America, like we did after World War II, that are affordable for working families,” and is worth pushing even if Republicans resist it. “As we saw with the healthcare debate, when Republicans aren’t acting to bring costs down, when they’re doing things that make costs go up instead, we can force them to respond by putting forward our own proposals to move the country forward,” he said. “If Republicans continue to be tone deaf to the needs of the American people, with President Trump calling the affordability issue a hoax, then they’re gonna get the same kind of shellacking that they did in the election last month.” Rep. Nancy Pelosi (D-San Francisco), a staunch ally, called Schiff a “legislative genius” who is “giving people hope” with his bills, which could pass if Democrats win back the House next year. “I wouldn’t question how he decides to take up a bill just because what’s-his-name’s in the White House.” Advertisement Mike Madrid, a Republican consultant, said Schiff’s prominent position on Trump’s enemies list of course hurts his chances of passing legislation, but the hyper-partisan nature of Congress means his chances weren’t great to begin with. Meanwhile, being seen as working for solutions clearly serves him and his party well, Madrid said, adding, “He’s probably accomplishing more socially than he ever could legislatively.” Criticism and praise For months, Trump and his administration have been accusing several prominent Democrats of mortgage-related crimes. “Probably one of the best things that could happen to Schiff is if Trump actually goaded the [Justice Department] to charge him for mortgage fraud, and then for the case to be thrown out in court,” said Garry South, a veteran Democratic strategist — noting that is what happened with a similar case brought against New York Atty. John Boozman (R-Ark.), who chairs the Senate Agriculture, Nutrition and Forestry Committee, which Schiff sits on, said California represents a big part of the nation’s agriculture industry and having Schiff on the committee “is a good thing not just for California, but for our overall efforts to support farmers and producers nationwide.” “I have known Sen. “Obviously, in the majority, we’re going to have the ability to subpoena, and to hold hearings, and to hold the administration accountable in a way that we don’t have now, but even in the minority, I think you see Adam’s strong voice pretty constant.” Kevin Spillane, a veteran GOP strategist, said he doesn’t make much of Schiff’s economic messaging because voters in California know that Democrats have caused the state’s affordability crisis by raising taxes and imposing endless regulations. But Schiff is already “the second-most important Democrat in California” after Newsom, he said, and his hammering on affordability could propel him even further if voters start to see him as working toward solutions. But to do so, Stutzman said, Schiff “needs to extract himself from the political meme of being a Trump antagonist.” Schiff said he knew heading to the Senate as Trump returned to the White House that he would be dividing his time “between delivering for California and fighting the worst of the Trump policies.” But his efforts to fix the economy and his efforts to resist Trump are not at odds, he said, but deeply intertwined. “So I don’t think we’re going to put our democracy on a solid footing until we have our economy on a solid footing.” Advertisement Times staff writer Ana Ceballos in Washington contributed to this report.

Link: https://www.latimes.com/lifestyle/story/2025-12-08/altadena-christmas-tree-lane-after-eaton-fire
Article: “I’m crying now but I want to thank you so much for bringing about one of the most extraordinary events to the United States of America.” People have learned to be patient in Altadena. He grew up in the historic Andrew McNally home just a few steps from the 135 deodar cedars that line the lane; his brother André lived in the house next door and at the time of the fire, Pierre lived a few blocks away, in an old home on North Marengo Avenue. A sign states that “Santa is feeding the reindeer.” Waiting for his cue, Dupuy’s voice repeatedly broke and resolved as he told how all three houses burned to ash on Jan. We still have this lane.” Dupuy said he’s planning to rebuild and is heartened by the number of houses going up already in the community, but the grief is always present. “It’s a sadness I can’t shake; it will just overhang the place for awhile, but I’m very pleased we’re making a comeback and this,” he said, sweeping his arm toward the festival, “is a good thing to rally around right now. In his introduction before the tree lighting, Wardlaw said the ceremony would be a little different this year, with a minute and 19 seconds of silence, in memory of the 19 Altadenans who died in the Eaton fire and all the community has lost. Along with launching a “Disney Voluntears Village” event to help Altadena families, the company contributed a grant to purchase new equipment to repair the 15-foot strings of lights that drape the cedar trees, enough to add at least one new strand of lights to each of the 135 trees, Wardlaw said. Stephanie Gates, a former member of the 1970s R&B group, The Free Movement, grew up in Altadena and has been singing the national anthem at the festival for five years. (Eric Thayer / Los Angeles Times) Mark Chatham, who lives in Pasadena, roamed the festival in costume as “Wrinkle Jingle Jangle,” passing out little gifts and cheer because he wanted “to support the community that’s lost so much.” (Jeanette Marantos / Los Angeles Times) Community support is what motivated Wrinkle Jingle Jangle, aka Mark Chatham, to wander the festival in dazzling elf regalia, passing out small gifts to children. He lives in Pasadena, but he has several friends in Altadena, three of whom “lost everything” in the fire, “so I felt it was especially necessary to attend the lighting this year, to connect with and show my support for a community that has lost so much,” he wrote in a text Sunday morning since he was mostly mobbed during the event. If I can spread some joy, make someone laugh, receive a hug or a shy wave from a child, it heals me as well.” California The deep bonds on an Altadena street driving neighbors to rebuild More than half of Highland Avenue in Altadena burned down in the Eaton fire. Brown grew up just a block from the lane on Barry Place, and as she walked, she admired one of the cedar trees at Santa Rosa and Barry with limbs low enough that she could climb them as a child. Touring the Christmas Tree Lane Model Railroad Society’s elaborate display at the south end of the lane, he sat for a moment, looking with satisfaction at the crowd, talking, laughing and simply being together in this space.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cr7l0rjz05eo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Thousands flee Thai-Cambodia border after deadly clashes 37 minutes ago Share Save Panisa Aemocha , BBC Thai, Bangkok and Kelly Ng Share Save Cambodia's Ministry of Information Residents living at the border evacuate in droves as fresh clashes erupted on Monday Residents on both sides of Thailand's and Cambodia's border evacuated in droves on Monday as fresh clashes erupted, killing at least five people. Thailand's Prime Minister Anutin Charnvirakul says his country "never wanted violence" but will "use necessary means to preserve its sovereignty", while Cambodia's former leader Hun Sen accused Thai "invaders" of provoking retaliation. On Monday, the Thai army said its troops had responded to Cambodian fire in Thailand's Ubon Ratchathani Province, including by launching air strikes along the disputed border; while Phnom Penh's defence ministry said it was the Thai forces that attacked first, in Cambodia's Preah Vihear province. Children bearing the brunt Nearly 650 schools across five Thai provinces have been ordered to shut for safety reasons, Thailand's education minister said, following the fresh tensions that have simmered since Sunday. Siksaka Pongsuwan Siksaka Pongsuwan says he and his neighbours on the Thai side of the border are torn about whether to evacuate In July, in the midst of the children's examinations, five days of intense fighting broke out between the two nations. Meanwhile, Pongsuwan told the BBC that he and his neighbours are now torn about whether to evacuate - even as gunfire can be heard every now and then in his village.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cr5zqn11m9no?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: DJ Tim Westwood pleads not guilty to rape and assault Former BBC Radio 1 and Capital Xtra DJ Tim Westwood has pleaded not guilty to charges of rape, sexual assault and indecent assault at a court hearing in London.

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/12/08/nx-s1-5627068/morning-new-brief
Article: Morning new brief SCOTUS to hear case that could extend presidential powers, Senate expected to vote this week on ACA subsidy extension plan, Zelenskyy to meet with European leaders amid pressure to accept peace plan. National Morning new brief Morning new brief Listen · 10:52 10:52 SCOTUS to hear case that could extend presidential powers, Senate expected to vote this week on ACA subsidy extension plan, Zelenskyy to meet with European leaders amid pressure to accept peace plan.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Travel/video/sweet-story-senior-couples-pool-wedding-128202167
Article: The sweet story behind a senior couple's pool wedding Danny New explains how splashing around in the water sparked true love for one couple in Illinois, and how it led to them tying the knot in the most unusual way.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/wireStory/analysis-notre-dames-august-loss-cost-irish-playoff-128202050
Article: And yet, it is no stretch to say that line of thinking would a) only make sense to people who don't watch pro sports, which don't use selection committees, and b) still not make sense to anyone who cheers for Notre Dame, who were told for weeks leading up to this that its Aug. Among the conclusions from Sunday's head-scratcher of a bracket release — which dropped Notre Dame by one spot and out of the playoff even though it didn't play last week — is that there is no reason to listen to anything the committee says over its five weeks of breathless Tuesday night updates doubling as programming that come out before the final bracket. “Why put these young student-athletes through these false emotions just to pull the rug out from underneath them, having not played a game in two weeks, and then a group of people in a room shatter their dreams without explanation?” Point made. In that 28-7 loss, Alabama gained 82 yards through the first 44:50 of the game, and rushed for minus-3 yards, the first time Alabama didn't gain a yard on the ground since 1968. It feels like a shame that on the week the sport mourns the death of groundbreaking SEC commissioner Roy Kramer, one of his most transformative inventions, the conference title game, is outliving its usefulness. BYU's lopsided loss to Texas Tech in the Big 12 matchup hurt the Cougars and could be another argument to get rid of the games because, after all, why should some teams (BYU) be penalized for qualifying to play for a title while others (Alabama) are not? In related news, there is speculation about USC not wanting to renew the ancient home-and-home rivalry with Notre Dame because why should the Trojans commit to a hard road game every other year when the competition is lining up Group of Five teams for their nonconference schedule? Maybe Notre Dame — clearly hurt this year by its scheduling agreement with the weaker-than-usual ACC, along with its baked-in rivalries with Navy, Stanford and USC — should consider dumping the Trojans and trying to pick up an Alabama or Ole Miss every now and then — they did host Texas A & M this season but hey — to beef up that SOS. 12 James Madison won their conferences and did what they needed to do to make the field, so give credit to teams ranked 54 and 28, respectively, in the ESPN Football Power Index for that. But here's the asterisk: football isn't basketball, the 12-team playoff isn't March Madness and the idea of Cinderella capturing everyone's fancy over a magical monthlong run in this sport still feels like a stretch. But remember, if some in the SEC had their way, they would eliminate most or all the automatic berths to move closer to placing the country's 12 (or 16 or 24) “best” teams in the bracket.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/08/indigo-operator-interglobe-aviation-shares-fall-after-cancelations.html
Article: Passengers seen in heavy rush and chaos at the IndiGo counter at Indira Gandhi International Airport Terminal 1 after a technical glitch at IndiGo caused delays and cancellations of multiple flights on Dec. Indigo, which operates more than 2,300 flights daily, could only fly 706 flights on Friday following a change in rules about pilots' rest time for pilots, leading to massive disruptions.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/08/bank-of-america-hikes-carvana-price-target-following-sp-500-inclusion-announcement.html
Article: Analyst Michael McGovern pointed to the S & P Dow Jones Indices' announcement that Carvana will be officially added to the S & P 500 index, effective prior to market open on Dec. CVNA YTD mountain CVNA YTD chart "We identified S & P inclusion as our top potential catalyst for CVNA back in June, as CVNA had already met the profit requirements for several quarters. "We expect Carvana to surpass CarMax in quarterly units sold at some point in 2026." McGovern also said his new price target assumes that Carvana's management can maintain a compound annual unit growth rate of 20% from 2027 to 2032, versus prior estimates of 18.5%.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/features/2025/12/8/inside-syrias-fight-to-identify-the?traffic_source=rss
Article: A year on from the fall of the regime in December 2024, the Identification Centre’s head, Dr Anas Hourani, has examined the only mass grave that has been fully exhumed so far. “We must hold accountable the person who did these things.” Forced disappearances were a hallmark of the al-Assad regime, which operated a vast prison network where detainees were tortured, killed, and many were buried in mass graves. “However, I expect that in reality the number is much higher, and the number of people affected by this loss exceeds millions of Syrians.” Waiting for a DNA lab As a forensic odontologist, Dr Hourani studies teeth to help identify victims. “If we look at Bosnia and Herzegovina, after more than 30 years – and up until now – they are still looking for missing people, and the same goes for Mexico and Argentina,” Jalkhi said.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/donald-trump-chemical-less-lethal-weapons-pepper-spray-dhs-ice-cbp-11150372
Article: Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) facility in September when he said ICE agents hit his "arms, face and torso with exploding pellets that contained some kind of chemical agent." He is now one of the plaintiffs in a lawsuit accusing the Trump administration of using force to intimidate peaceful demonstrators in violation of their first amendment rights. The Trump administration has said it is making America safer by ending illegal immigration and cracking down on protest and border security, but the deployment of Border Patrol agents in U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP), and Federal Law Enforcement Training Centers are filed in federal procurement databases under the product and service code "chemical weapons and equipment." Some contracts specify that they pertain to weapons including pepper spray and pepper ball projectiles. "Do you also plan to cover the 1,150 percent increase in assaults against law enforcement including terrorist attacks, cars being used as weapons, and officers having rocks and Molotov cocktails thrown at them?" In November, DHS released data showing there had been a 1,150 percent increase in assault and violence against ICE officers as compared to the same period in 2024. It said there had been 19 reported assaults against ICE enforcement from January 21, 2024 to November 21, 2024 but that in the same timeframe in 2025 there were 238 reported assaults. Meanwhile, the "One Big Beautiful Bill" spending package, which was passed by Congress in July, expands funding for ICE and CBP including by allocating $8 billion to hire 10,000 new deportation officers. At least 44 people were arrested during June protests against immigration raids conducted by ICE in Los Angeles, during which officers used pepper spray and tear gas on the hundreds of protesters outside federal buildings, Reuters reported. Ellis, a federal judge in Illinois, banned the use of tear gas and other crowd-control weapons "unless necessary to stop the immediate threat of physical harm." She ruled that Border Patrol had lied about their tactics and the actions of protesters. To Joe Hyman, a scholar of border and immigration enforcement, the use of chemical weapons comes as part of an overall policy choice to prioritize "number-driven mass arrests" to crack down on immigration. He said that because immigrants "are woven into communities" in the U.S., authorities can either use "careful selective planning" to target illegal immigrants "or indiscriminate forceful action" and that the Trump administration had opted for the latter. A 2024 University of North Carolina study found that chemical agents cause hospitalization or death in 4 percent of cases and that more research is needed on their effects within group settings. Meanwhile, a 2022 study by the International Network of Civil Liberties Organizations, Physicians for Human Rights (PHR) and Omega Research Foundation found over 100,000 people globally who have been injured by chemicals like tear gas and pepper spray from 2015 to 2022. "The reported increase in spending on crowd-control weapons raises the threat of health harms for protesters and other people at demonstrations including medics, journalists, bystanders, and law enforcement," Kevin Short, communications director at PHR told Newsweek. Faisal Al-Juburi, chief external affairs officer at nonprofit immigration advocacy organization Refugee and Immigrant Center for Education and Legal Services (RAICES) said: "Such egregious spending on weaponry that inflicts harm indiscriminately should concern all Americans, regardless of status. soil, and such a brazen transgression of this nation’s purported freedoms is far beyond the red line of what we should accept from our elected and appointed leaders." As for Retes, since his run-in with law enforcement, he has been trying not to "dwell on how awful the entire experience was" which "was extremely hard to recover" from. "It was extremely difficult." But he was disturbed by how much the Trump administration is spending on chemical weapons and said it was "crazy" to "unleash large amounts of tear gas and pepper spray." "I don’t think it’s an appropriate use of funds," he said.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/wrestling/logan-paul-receives-good-news-on-wwe-future-11172611
Article: More News: WWE SmackDown Star Gets Major Contract Update Logan Paul and The Vision When Paul first aligned with The Vision on "Monday Night Raw," many assumed that it would be a temporary alliance. Paul linked up with the faction ahead of the men's WarGames match at "WWE Survivor Series 2025." Paul and his team emerged victorious, and he has since stuck around with The Vision.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/gas-prices-plunge-lowest-level-nearly-five-years-11171760
Article: Gas prices nationwide have plunged to their lowest level in over four years, according to data from the Dallas-based fuel savings platform GasBuddy, with a gallon of regular gas at the pump costing drivers an average of $2.897. "According to GasBuddy data, the national average has just slipped below $2.90 per gallon for the first time since May 2, 2021," Patrick De Haan, the head of petroleum analysis at GasBuddy, wrote on X on Sunday. Why It Matters Rampant inflation and rising gas prices during the Biden administration were significant sources of unhappiness for American voters, propelling them toward Republican candidate Donald Trump, who promised to make the cost of living cheaper. What To Know Already in the days leading up to Thanksgiving, "nearly every state saw average gas prices fall," De Haan said in a recent blog post, adding, "with the national average dipping below $3 per gallon for several consecutive days." Now, Americans are paying less for gas than they were during the Biden administration. Based on GasBuddy data, a gallon of regular gas cost a nationwide average of $2.908 on December 8—down from a week earlier ($2.950), a month earlier ($3.079) and a year earlier ($2.995). California still had the highest gas price in the nation, at $4.414 per gallon, while the lowest price was found in Oklahoma, where a gallon of regular gas cost an average of $2.298. We're at almost $2 for gasoline." White House spokesperson Taylor Rogers said in a statement to Politico: "There is no disputing the fact that President Trump's energy dominance agenda is the reason Americans are paying less at the gas pump. "President Trump has rolled back Biden's burdensome regulations which has allowed oil and gas companies to 'DRILL, BABY, DRILL' to capitalize on the liquid gold under our feet." What Happens Next On the day Trump entered the White House, the average price for a gallon of regular gas nationwide was $3.125, according to data from the American Automobile Association (AAA). While gas prices have fallen below $3 nationwide and are now lower than they have been in over four years, Trump is still falling short of his campaign pledge to get "gasoline below $2 a gallon." According to De Haan, "a few dozen stations" around the country are already offering gas under $2 per gallon, "and we could see that number grow as we move further into the holiday season." He added, "It couldn't come at a better time for Americans—with relief arriving just as the holidays kick off."

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/nut-recall-10-states-fda-warning-11172181
Article: What To Know Mellace issued a recall for two types of ‘Wegmans Deluxe Mixed Nuts Unsalted’ sold at Wegmans stores, between November 3 and December 1, 2025, over concerns of potential Salmonella contamination. The recall includes the following two products: Wegmans Deluxe Mixed Nuts Unsalted, 34 oz tub (UPC: 077890421314, Lot code: 58041, Best by: July 28, 2026) Wegmans Deluxe Mixed Nuts Unsalted, 11.5 oz bag (UPC: 077890421352, Lot code: 58171, Best by: August 10, 2026) According to the FDA notice, these products were sold between November 3 and December 1, 2025, at Wegmans stores in Connecticut, Delaware, Maryland, Massachusetts, North Carolina, New Jersey, New York, Pennsylvania, Virginia, and Washington, D.C. No illnesses have been reported as of December 5, but customers who purchased the recalled nuts are advised to return them to the Wegmans service desk for a full refund. of Warren, OH has issued a recall for Wegmans Deluxe Mixed Nuts Unsalted 34 oz Tubs and Wegmans Deluxe Mixed Nuts Unsalted 11.5 oz bags because they have the potential to be contaminated with Salmonella." The recall notice further warned: "Healthy persons infected with Salmonella often experience fever, diarrhea (which may be bloody), nausea, vomiting, and abdominal pain. In rare circumstances, infection with Salmonella can result in the organism getting into the bloodstream and producing more severe illnesses such as arterial infections (i.e., infected aneurysms), endocarditis, and arthritis." What Happens Next Ongoing monitoring by the FDA will continue, and additional actions may be taken if cases of illness emerge or further contamination is detected.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/who-is-crystal-wilsey-cinnabon-employee-fired-over-racist-outburst-11171678
Article: An employee who was fired from a Cinnabon bakery in Wisconsin after a viral video showed her harassing a Somali couple with racist comments has a criminal record, according to reports. His comments have raised concerns about discrimination against Somali Americans, especially as federal authorities are reportedly preparing a targeted immigration enforcement operation in Minnesota that would focus primarily on Somali immigrants living unlawfully in the United States. She seems to have been a Democratic Party supporter, sharing a post on Facebook in April 2024 showing a "Biden/Harris" sign on a lawn and another that said "Women’s choice is on the ballot." Meanwhile, a fundraiser on the Christian crowdfunding site GiveSendGo has raised more than $90,000 for Wilsey. Some of the donations have come with notes supporting her comments and expressing racist sentiments, reminiscent of the messages on a fundraising page on the site for a Minnesota woman who was filmed calling a Black child the n-word earlier this year. What People Are Saying A Cinnabon spokesperson told Newsweek in a statement on Saturday: "We are aware of the deeply troubling video involving a former employee at the independently owned and operated Cinnabon bakery in Ashwaubenon, Wisconsin. The individual seen in the video was immediately terminated by the franchise owner." The statement added: "Their actions and statements are completely unacceptable and in no way reflect the values of Cinnabon, our franchisees, or the welcoming environment we expect for every guest and team member.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/working-mom-leaves-house-sad-realization-breaks-hearts-11172437
Article: Ashleigh Hardaker (@ashhh1501x), a 30-year-old HR adviser, shared how her daily routine means she only gets to spend around an hour and a half with her 1-year-old daughter, River, in a short clip on TikTok. “I obviously go to work for my kids, but I just wish I didn’t have to so I could spend more time with them and be more present,” she said. “I feel, because I have to work, my evenings are so rushed doing the evening routine and getting them washed and put to bed.” While some days she commutes and others she’s at home, the pressure of balancing both spheres rarely eases. When asked what kind of help she would benefit from, Hardaker said she wasn’t calling for anything radical—just a recognition that the structure of modern working life is fundamentally misaligned with family life. “In addition to that, the school plays, 'stay and plays', school trips that most parents aren’t allowed to get the time off to attend just adds to the mom guilt,” Hardaker said.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/wrestling/wwe-smackdown-star-gets-major-contract-update-11172001
Article: More News: WWE Title Changes Hands Before Saturday Night’s Main Event JC Mateo and MFT's Current Feud Mateo has been active on "Friday Night SmackDown" along with fellow MFT members Sikoa, Tama Tonga, Tonga Loa, and Talla Tonga.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/entertainment/celebrity-news/meghan-markles-frantic-scramble-to-find-ill-father-rakes-up-media-tensions-11171395
Article: tabloid journalist in which he said: "I don't want to die estranged." The Duchess of Sussex has not seen her father since their relationship disintegrated in May 2018 when he was caught staging paparazzi photos for money in the days leading up to her royal wedding. has been in hospital in the Philippines after his leg was reportedly amputated following a 14-inch blood clot that caused necrosis, or tissue death, in his foot and put his life in danger. Meghan Markle's Scramble to Reach Thomas Markle Public and media pressure has been mounting on Meghan to end the rift and make peace with Markle before he dies, however, the duchess does not appear to have contact details for him. And that's because Meghan emailed him over the weekend on an address that he no longer uses while he told the Mail he still has the same telephone number as when they were on speaking terms. tabloid is the very newspaper that first reported Markle had staged paparazzi photos in 2018, triggering the collapse of the relationship, and also published a private letter Meghan sent her father that August pleading with him to stop talking to the media. Thomas Markle's Health Crisis It all started on Tuesday when Tom Markle Jr, Meghan's half brother, took his father into a small regional hospital in the Philippines, who then referred him to a bigger hospital for life-saving emergency surgery. There was no option but to amputate." Do you have a question about King Charles III and Queen Camilla, Prince William and Princess Kate, Meghan Markle and Prince Harry, or their family that you would like our experienced royal correspondents to answer?

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/donald-trump-ice-arrests-deportations-287g-11172092
Article: In plain English, 287(g) lets ICE sign agreements that deputize local officers—after ICE training—to perform specific federal immigration duties: serving detainers, preparing immigration charging documents, even making field arrests under ICE supervision (the "Task Force” model), as well as jailhouse screening and warrant service. Newsweek analysis of its participation spreadsheet (1,004 unique agencies across 40 states) shows how fast this has snowballed: nearly nine in 10 agencies first signed in 2025, and one in five first signed since September 1. DHS heralded the 287(g) partnerships as giving locals the tools to arrest "the worst of the worst.” ICE likewise says the program protects "the homeland through the arrest and removal of aliens who undermine the safety of our nation’s communities.” Florida frames the build-out as a model. "Deportations can be carried out more efficiently, making our communities safer as illegal aliens are removed,” Governor Ron DeSantis said as he announced new agreements for state police, wildlife officers and the state guard to execute 287(g) duties. The ACLU says the administration is turning "local police and sheriff’s departments into arms of its deportation machine," with Task Force powers acting as a "force multiplier." The Immigrant Legal Resource Center warns that reviving Task Force—field enforcement at traffic stops and checkpoints—"increases the risk" that minor encounters slide into deportation and corrodes community trust. The Associated Press found that one county jail—Benton County, Arkansas—produced more than 450 ICE arrests from January to mid-October, over 4 percent of all 287(g) arrests nationwide in that window. Documents obtained by WIRED show the Louisiana Department of Wildlife and Fisheries—yes, game wardens—used a 287(g) Task Force agreement to assist in at least six detentions where the underlying wildlife encounter produced no criminal charges, and even joined operations with U.S. When Benton County alone supplies one in twenty-five 287(g) arrests, and when three-quarters of detainees lack a criminal conviction, the enforcement reality depends less on a border fence or a raid than on a sheriff’s pen—and, occasionally, a wildlife warden’s boat.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/ncaa/notre-dame-has-loophole-to-avoid-repeat-college-football-playoff-snub-in-2026-11171140
Article: The College Football Playoff selection committee leaving Notre Dame (10-2) out of the 12-team field was one of the more polarizing decisions since switching to the playoff format back in 2014. College football fans were up in arms on social media after the Fighting Irish were snubbed from the CFP field while the Miami Hurricanes (10-2) leapfrogged them in the final standings despite being ranked two spots behind them the previous week and not playing a game in two weeks. During an interview with Ross Dellenger of Yahoo Sports immediately after the selection show, Notre Dame athletic director Pete Bevacqua called for the CFP weekly ranking shows to be abolished, blaming them for the reason for such outrage with Miami and Notre Dame switching places in the final standings. The good news for Irish fans, however, is that the school is guaranteed not to have a repeat situation during next year’s CFP selection show should they be ranked in a similar spot. More News: Rece Davis Praised for Putting CFP Chair on Hot Seat Over Miami–Notre Dame “In an interesting wrinkle, as part of a memorandum of understanding signed by CFP officials last spring, Notre Dame will be assured of making the playoff if it is ranked in the top 12 starting next year, Bevacqua tells Yahoo Sports,” Dellenger wrote. “If the playoff is expanded to 14 teams and there are more at-large berths added to the field (from seven to nine), Notre Dame is guaranteed into the field if it is ranked No. 13 or better, according to the MOU.” More News: College Football Playoff Schedule: Dates, Times for Every First-Round Matchup After learning their College Football Playoff fate, Notre Dame rejected any invitation to play in a bowl game.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/ncaa/steve-sarkisian-sounds-off-on-notre-dame-skipping-bowl-game-after-cfp-snub-11170928
Article: More news: Nick Saban Has Strong Reaction to Notre Dame’s College Football Playoff Snub More news: Ryan Day, Ohio State Brace for Bad News Ahead of College Football Playoff The decision by Notre Dame has drawn both criticism and understanding, as many believed the team deserved a playoff bid. Texas head coach Steve Sarkisian, speaking to the media after the Citrus Bowl matchup was set, warned that opting out of bowl games could become a much larger issue for college football as a whole.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/us-opportunity-in-armenia-why-tripp-could-be-the-pivot-point-opinion-11162096
Article: The TRIPP initiative (Trump Route for International Peace and Prosperity)—does more than calm tensions between Armenia and Azerbaijan: It reflects a fundamental shift in Washington’s posture toward Armenia, one that increasingly views the country as a plausible partner for meaningful security and economic cooperation. Today, after the loss of Artsakh and with Armenia seeking to break free from Russia’s security orbit, the more pragmatic priority is different—institutionalizing a direct security partnership with the U.S.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/housing-reform-is-what-bipartisanship-can-achieve-opinion-11143687
Article: The federal government’s most recent count found more than 770,000 people homeless on a single night in 2024, an 18 percent increase from the previous year—the largest jump ever recorded. The bipartisan ROAD to Housing Act, which passed out of a Senate committee unanimously and recently passed the full Senate, would modernize existing federal housing programs, reduce regulatory barriers that impede new construction and raise the cost of building new homes and give local governments greater flexibility to meet their community needs. Earlier this summer, with the expansion of the Low-Income Housing Tax Credit in the One Big Beautiful Bill Act, Congress moved to incentivize more private-sector investment in affordable rental housing. Experts say this reform alone, which enjoys strong bipartisan support in Congress, will support the financing of an additional 1.22 million new affordable rental homes over the next 10 years. The bipartisan 1949 Housing Act set forth a clear national goal: “The achievement as soon as feasible of a decent home and a suitable living environment for every American family.” More than 75 years later, that vision remains unfulfilled. With sustained leadership and commitment, Congress can make meaningful progress toward a goal that should unite us all: ensuring every American has a decent home and a fair chance to thrive.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/man-moves-sofa-deep-clean-horror-strange-fungi-11143912
Article: In the caption of the post, Mathers explained: “I was doing some deep cleaning today, and when I moved my sofa to mop underneath, I discovered a strange formation growing out of the hardwood floors!” Mathers told Newsweek: "It was about the size of a golf ball and resembled a tiny tree stump, and its dark brown color matched the floor perfectly. I had to literally break it off of my floor with a solid kick." The shock was compounded by the fact that the poster describes himself as meticulous about cleanliness. In a later comment, he wrote: “I am actually a compulsive cleaner, who not only keeps all of the surfaces in my place spotless, but I filter the air as well–above and beyond what anyone would think necessary. I literally have 5 HEPA air purifiers (3 plug-in, 2 stand alone) working around the clock, in a tiny studio apartment!...” Despite his rigorous cleaning regimen, the growth still managed to emerge rapidly. Mathers later discovered the reason it appeared was "exactly what I suspected–water trapped beneath the floor created a mold-friendly environment down below, which was spreading." He told Newsweek: "I had already reached this conclusion months ago, as numerous indicators of mold toxicity began piling up, and my health began to degrade. In addition to acquiring more and more physical symptoms, I also became the target of mold-related parasites and insects, which feed on and inhabit mold/fungi, as a part of their symbiotic relationship. That weird, tiny fungus was literally the tip of a huge, moldy iceberg, lurking down below." According to the Royal Horticultural Society (RHS) in the United Kingdom, bracket fungi are the fruiting structures of various fungi responsible for heartwood decay in trees. “Bracket fungi cause decay and rot in the heartwood of trees and produce bracket-shaped fruiting bodies on the trunk or main branches,” the RHS notes, adding that the fungi can ultimately lead to the breakage or collapse of affected trees. “Next, make sure there’s an effective vapor barrier installed as close to the floor line, from below, as possible, followed by proper ventilation to keep humidity under control.” Pearl added that a basement or crawl-space dehumidifier can often help, though “the most reliable long-term solution, though note it can be an expensive project, is a full crawl space encapsulation.” Viewers on Threads weighed in under the original post, expressing everything from concern to disbelief. User @jaimeethesafehaven said: “That is a mushroom/fungus and you def want to get your house inspected because if it’s coming up on top of the floor boards it is most likely growing everywhere underneath.” Another user, @_yo_andrea, offered a different theory: “That is not growing out of your floor, something fell on your floor and has fused itself to it…” User @carriecaroline68 simply wrote: “And this is why I don't move my couch to clean under it.” Meanwhile, @harleeredd86 added: “Your floor grew a brain bro.” Do you have a home-related video or story to share?

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/miami-mayoral-election-higgins-gonzalez-11171574
Article: Former County Commissioner Eileen Higgins, a Democrat, faces Republican Emilio González, a former city manager endorsed by President Donald Trump, in a runoff election in the city after the two candidates beat 11 others on November 4. Why It Matters Miami, which is considered the cultural and economic center of South Florida and is the state's second-most populous city, is a Republican stronghold that has not elected a Democratic mayor in nearly three decades. According to betting platform Polymarket, Higgins, who has campaigned on providing affordable housing, has a 94 percent chance of winning the election while González, who worked as a director of the U.S. Early voting and vote-by-mail data showed more than 8,700 registered Democrats had cast ballots as of Sunday afternoon, compared with nearly 7,200 Republicans and about 5,000 voters with no party affiliation. A very successful Businessman, Civic Leader, former CEO of Miami International Airport, and former City Manager and Chief Administrative Officer of the City of Miami, Emilio has dedicated his life to serving his Community. As Miami’s next Mayor, he will fight tirelessly to Grow the Economy, Cut Taxes and Regulations, Advance MADE IN THE U.S.A., Unleash American Energy DOMINANCE, Keep our now very Secure Border, SECURE, Stop Migrant Crime, and Defend our always under siege Second Amendment." What Happens Next The election takes place on December 9.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/map-reveals-atmospheric-river-11172145
Article: "The forecast remains on track for a prolonged atmospheric river to usher in several days of heavy rainfall over the Pacific Northwest," the National Weather Service’s (NWS) Weather Prediction Center said in a forecast discussion issued early Monday. "Beginning this morning, rainfall coverage and intensity is expected to increase across coastal Washington and Oregon as a potent slug of subtropical moisture begins to flow inland along a strong Pacific jet," it said. Flood watches—issued by the NWS when conditions are favorable for flooding—span northwest Oregon and parts of western Washington as of early Monday, with the agency cautioning that flooding could persist into Thursday after the heaviest rain. The National Water Center said that "considerable" flooding impacts are expected across the Cascade Foothills to Puget Sound, with urban and minor river flooding also possible throughout the remainder of western Washington and parts of northern Oregon. "Heavy rainfall rates this week, possibly during the Monday evening commute, may make for hazardous driving," the NWS forecast office in Portland, Oregon said in a social media post on Sunday. "Turn Around, Don't Drown!" The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) describes atmospheric rivers as long, narrow bands of moisture in the sky that transport most of the water vapor outside the tropics. On average, one carries an amount of water vapor roughly equivalent to the average flow of water at the mouth of the Mississippi River, with particularly strong atmospheric rivers capable of moving up to 15 times more.

Link: https://abc13.com/post/deadly-motorcycle-crash-shuts-down-highway-290-westbound-34th-street/18263431/
Article: Deadly motorcycle crash shuts down Highway 290 westbound at 34th Street Watch Eyewitness News and ABC13 originals around the clock Watch Eyewitness News and ABC13 originals around the clock Watch Eyewitness News and ABC13 originals around the clock Watch Eyewitness News and ABC13 originals around the clock HOUSTON, Texas (KTRK) -- A deadly motorcycle crash is under investigation and shut down a portion of Highway 290 on Monday morning, according to the Houston Fire Department.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/football/articles/ckgmy2ejn4lo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: The 33-year-old said he felt like he had been "thrown under the bus" by the Reds amid the side's struggles this season and his relationship with head coach Arne Slot had broken down.

Link: https://www.washingtonpost.com/business/2025/12/08/ice-detainees-abuse-aclu-fort-bliss/
Article: Four Cuban immigrants being held at a Texas detention center claim they were among dozens who were driven to the Mexican border and pressured by masked officials to cross it or face imprisonment and beatings, according to a letter civil liberties groups sent to U.S. The letter draws on interviews the American Civil Liberties Union and other nonprofit groups conducted last month with 45 detainees at ICE’s makeshift Fort Bliss detention camp in El Paso. It claims the Trump administration tried to illegally coerce many of these people into leaving the United States for a country where they are not citizens — violating its own guidance for “third country” deportations by failing to give some of them written notice or a hearing with an ICE officer. When detainees state that they fear being removed to Mexico and decline third country deportation, officers have subjected them to physical abuse, and threats of criminal prosecution and lengthy imprisonment.” Tricia McLaughlin, an assistant secretary at the Department of Homeland Security, said “no detainees are being beaten or abused” and that all people being deported to third countries are given due process protections. “If you break our laws and come to our country illegally, you could end up in any number of third countries.” The ACLU said the attempted deportations are part of a pattern of mistreatment of people held at Fort Bliss U.S. In their letter, the advocacy groups urged the Trump administration to stop detaining immigrants at the facility, citing detainee accounts of physical abuse by guards, inadequate food and personal hygiene products, and substandard medical care. The groups also cited The Post’s reporting from September, which revealed ICE’s own inspectors found that Fort Bliss violated 60 federal standards for immigrant detention during the first 50 days after the contract was awarded. She said all detainees “are provided with proper meals, medical treatment, access to showers, and have opportunities to communicate with lawyers and their family members.” Before the Trump administration began the practice this year, the United States rarely deported people to countries where they are not citizens. This guidance came after the Supreme Court’s conservative majority overruled the decision of a lower-court judge who said migrants must have a “meaningful opportunity” to contest their removal to third countries and seek humanitarian protection under the Convention Against Torture. The merits of the original case, which claims migrants are entitled to notice and an opportunity to raise fear-based claims before removal to a third country, will be heard in federal court in Massachusetts this month. In sworn declarations recorded by civil liberties attorneys in person and over video conferences, four Cubans at Fort Bliss described being shackled and taken to the Mexican border in several instances in recent months. The detainees provided their names in the declarations, and the ACLU shared the information with The Post on the condition that their names not be published for fear of punishment from the government because they are in custody. One of the men, a middle-aged Cuban national the ACLU letter calls “Abel,” said that in late August or early September, guards told him he was going to Mexico and asked him to sign a document agreeing to it. The Cuban detainees did not know whether the masked men worked for ICE or some other law enforcement agency, and Eunice Cho, an ACLU attorney, said the civil liberties groups have been unable to confirm who they were. The administration has sent people to at least 12 countries where they are not citizens, including El Salvador, Ghana, Rwanda and South Sudan, according to data collected by nonprofit researchers at Human Rights First and Refugees International. The largest number are sent to Mexico, she said, because Mexican authorities are accepting deportees from Central American, South American and Caribbean countries, even though Mexico is generally not granting these people permanent status. Realmuto, who reviewed the declarations made by the four Cubans, said their cases are notable because ICE agents allegedly violated their own policies and the basic rights of immigrant detainees. “It is particularly cruel that in addition to violating that policy, they have threatened, coerced, beaten individuals who have attempted to assert their fear-based claims and the woefully inadequate procedural protections that ICE claims to afford,” said Realmuto, who works with the National Immigration Litigation Alliance. Veronica Escobar (D-Texas), who represents El Paso and periodically visits Fort Bliss, said the facility appears increasingly incapable of meeting everyone’s needs as its population keeps growing toward an expected year-end capacity of 5,000. The Fort Bliss contract says it is meant to hold people “for periods of approximately two weeks or less,” but many of the detainees Escobar has met have been there for months. “The more people they detain in that facility — which was not ready to begin with — in my view will mean even bigger problems,” Escobar said in an interview. The contract with ICE also requires the facility to have a law library and commissary for buying additional supplies and food, but detainees said in the recent declarations to civil liberties lawyers that more than four months after accepting migrants, it still offers neither amenity. Another of the Cubans who resisted deportation to Mexico reported that when he asked for his medications once in September, guards beat his ribs, abdomen and the back of his head so hard that he lost consciousness and had to be taken to a hospital.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c04vqldn42go?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Joey Barton gets suspended sentence over X posts Just now Share Save Lynette Horsburgh North West Share Save PA Media Joey Barton has been ordered to do 200 hours of unpaid work in the community and pay more than £20,000 in costs Former footballer Joey Barton has been handed a suspended sentence for social media posts about broadcaster Jeremy Vine and TV football pundits Lucy Ward and Eni Aluko. The trial heard he had "crossed the line between free speech and a crime" with six posts on X including comparing Aluko and Ward to serial killers Fred and Rose West, and calling Vine a "bike nonce" between January and March 2024. The ex-Manchester City and Newcastle player was also made by the Honorary Recorder of Liverpool, Judge Andrew Menary KC, to do 200 hours of unpaid work in the community and pay more than £20,000 in costs. Following a televised FA Cup tie in January 2024 between Crystal Palace and Everton, Barton likened Ward and Aluko to the "Fred and Rose West of football commentary" and went on to superimpose their faces onto a photograph of the serial murderers. It was a joke that got out of hand." He added: "Nobody wants to go to jail." Barton given suspended prison sentences Barton, who has 2.7m followers on X, repeatedly referred to Vine as "bike nonce" and said in one post: "If you see this fella by a primary school call 999," and "Beware Man with Camera on his helmets cruising past primary schools. Call the Cops if spotted." He was found not guilty of six other allegations that he sent a grossly offensive electronic communication with intent to cause distress or anxiety between January and March 2024. Giving evidence, Barton, who managed Fleetwood Town and Bristol Rovers, said he believed he was the victim of a "political prosecution" and denied his aim was "to get clicks and promote himself". Reuters Barton told reporters "it was a joke that got out of hand" as he left the court On sentencing, Judge Menary KC told Barton: "Robust debate, satire, mockery and even crude language may fall within permissible free speech. PA/REUTERS/PA The charges related to posts he made on X about Jeremy Vine, Lucy Ward and Eni Aluko Following the verdict, a Cheshire Police spokesperson said the force hoped the case would deter others using social media to share "abusive and hateful messages". "The sentence handed to him today comes with a number of strict conditions and should he breach these in any way he may face the prospect of time behind bars." Listen to the best of BBC Radio Merseyside on Sounds and follow BBC Merseyside on Facebook, X, and Instagram.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c51xenx7pvqo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: 2 hours ago Share Save Hazel Shearing Education correspondent Share Save Getty Images The government has promised 50,000 new apprenticeship places as part of efforts to help more young people find work. If you are under 19, or if you are 19 or older but in the first year of your apprenticeship, you will be paid at least the apprentice rate of £7.55 per hour. Those over 19 - or who have already completed their first year - are entitled to the appropriate minimum wage for their age: £10 for 19 and 20-year-olds, rising to £10.85 in April 2026 £12.21 for those aged 21 or above, rising to £12.71 in April 2026 Research from the Education Policy Institute (EPI) suggests that, on average in 2020-21, young degree apprentices earned £36,785 one year after finishing their course. In England, Wales and Northern Ireland, the different levels of apprenticeship are: Intermediate (Level 2 - GCSE standard) (Level 2 - GCSE standard) Advanced (Level 3 - A-level standard) (Level 3 - A-level standard) Higher (Levels 4, 5, 6 and 7 - foundation degree or above) (Levels 4, 5, 6 and 7 - foundation degree or above) Degree (Levels 6 and 7 - bachelor's or master's degree) In England, only 16 to 21-year-olds and existing apprentices will qualify for funding for level 7 apprenticeships after January 2026. In Scotland, the different levels are: Foundation (mostly SCQF Level 6 - Highers standard) (mostly SCQF Level 6 - Highers standard) Modern (mostly SCQF Levels 6 and 7 - Highers or Advanced Highers standard) (mostly SCQF Levels 6 and 7 - Highers or Advanced Highers standard) Graduate (SCQF Levels 9, 10 and 11 - undergraduate or master's degree standard) Advanced apprenticeships - A-level standard - are the most popular, and the number of people doing higher apprenticeships has been rising.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c0589g0dqq7o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Elon Musk's X bans European Commission from making ads after €120m fine 53 minutes ago Share Save Laura Cress Technology reporter Share Save Getty Images X has blocked the European Commission from making adverts on its platform - a move which comes a few days after it fined Elon Musk's site €120m (£105m) over its blue tick badges. Nikita Bier, who has a senior role at the social media site, accused the European Union (EU) regulator of trying to "take advantage" of "an exploit" in its advertising system to promote its post about the fine on Friday. US Secretary of State Marco Rubio and the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) accused the EU regulator of attacking and censoring US firms, adding, "the days of censoring Americans online are over".

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c989w713jz5o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Birds of a Feather star's son begins 'iconic' walk 2 hours ago Share Save Jodie Halford Essex Share Save BBC Charlie Quirke set off on his five-day fundraising trek from Chigwell, where Birds of a Feather was set, just before 08:00 GMT The son of Birds of a Feather star Pauline Quirke has set out on a 140km (87 mile) fundraising walk for Alzheimer's research taking in "so many iconic locations" from his mother's life and career. Over the course of Mr Quirke's five-day walk, he will head to Islington in north London, where his mum was born, and to the headquarters of her theatre school in Buckinghamshire. "It's moments from her career and her personal life - Islington, where she grew up with Linda, to Windsor where mum got her MBE, past many Pauline Quirke Academies locations." Speaking to BBC Breakfast, Robson said she had known her co-star's son "since he was in the womb" and said she thought dementia was "the worst thing ever". (L-R) Pauline Quirke played Sharon Theodopolopodous in the sitcom, alongside Lesley Joseph as Dorien Green and Linda Robson as Tracey Stubbs Ahead of his trek, Mr Quirke said: "Dementia's going to affect one in two people in this country, whether they get diagnosed themselves or caring for someone with it. "The research is really paramount so every penny I raise goes straight towards research to help us find a cure." Courtesy of Quirke family for Alzheimer's Research UK Charlie Quirke said he wanted to raise money for Alzheimer's Research UK after his mum, Pauline, was diagnosed with dementia in 2021 The challenge will see him walk from Chigwell to the home ground of the family's favourite football club, West Ham, before he heads to Surrey and Berkshire. "I've got a great team behind me, and the donations and messages I've had will keep me going." According to Alzheimer's Research UK, about one million people in the UK are living with dementia and this is projected to rise to 1.4 million by 2040.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/football/articles/ce8q01d56v7o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: The local organising committee in Seattle, one of the host cities for the Fifa tournament next summer, have said the match at the city's Lumen Field on 26 June will feature celebrations of the LGBTQ+ community. And following Friday's draw and Saturday's fixture allocation, it has been confirmed that the game on 26 June in Seattle will be the Group G match between Egypt and Iran.

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/12/08/g-s1-101146/up-first-newsletter-supreme-court-rebecca-slaughter-aca-extensions-ukraine-russia
Article: The Trump administration argues that the precedent, which limits the president's constitutional power to remove the commissioner only for legally specified reasons, was incorrect, even back then, NPR's Andrea Hsu told Up First. Sponsor Message 🎧 The goal of today's meeting is for the leaders of Britain, France and Germany to demonstrate that Europe remains very supportive of Ukraine, Mujtaba Rahman, Europe managing director at Eurasia Group, tells NPR's Lauren Frayer. The document was met with praise from the Kremlin, raising concerns in Europe that the Trump administration might be more aligned with Russia than with its European allies in general, Frayer says. Cost of living toggle caption Getty Images/Emily Bogle/NPR NPR's series Cost of Living: The Price We Pay is examining what's driving price increases and how people are coping after years of stubborn inflation. The Throughline podcast takes listeners on a journey from the pre–Columbus Americas to a 21st century medical student's story about his childhood on a farm that produces those holiday treats. 3 things to know before you go A NASA-led study suggests that, within the next decade, light reflected from the increasing number of satellites orbiting Earth could compromise over 95% of images captured by some space telescopes.

Link: https://feeds.texastribune.org/link/16799/17226139/colin-allred-drops-out-senate-democratic-primary-congress-33rd-district-dallas
Article: In a statement, he said he was deciding to exit the Senate race because he wanted the party to avoid a runoff — a likely outcome if Crockett decided to run — and maximize its chances of winning in November. “In the past few days, I’ve come to believe that a bruising Senate Democratic primary and runoff would prevent the Democratic Party from going into this critical election unified against the danger posed to our communities and our Constitution by Donald Trump and one of his Republican bootlickers Paxton, Cornyn, or Hunt,” Allred said. Senate.” Instead, Allred said he will run for Congress in Texas’ newly drawn 33rd Congressional District, one of two winnable seats left for Democrats in the Dallas-Fort Worth metro area after the U.S. He plans to run instead for the 30th District — currently represented by Crockett — if she gets into the Senate race as expected, a source familiar with the matter told the Tribune. “The 33rd district was racially gerrymandered by Trump in an effort to further rig our democracy, but it’s also the community where I grew up attending public schools and watching my mom struggle to pay for our groceries,” Allred, who lives in the new 33rd Congressional District, said in a statement. I have also secured over $135 million in federal resources for affordable housing, public transportation and health care for this district.” The pivot brings an end to Allred’s Senate campaign after just over five months. And he had the bona fides of having flipped a Republican-held House seat in 2018 and outperforming Vice President Kamala Harris by about 5 percentage points last year — though he lost to Cruz by a still-resounding 8.5 points. But Crockett and Talarico are both viral sensations who have raised millions as nationally recognizable personalities — Crockett from quick-witted clapbacks against Republicans and frequent appearances on cable television, and Talarico as a progressive Presbyterian who blends his Christian faith with populist politics. Joaquin Castro met to try to form a slate for various statewide offices — such as Senate, governor and attorney general — rather than all run for the same position. But as Crockett publicly declared her interest in the race, the firebrand House member, with a little over a week until the filing deadline, tried to do what the four men had failed to do earlier in the year — create a slate of candidates for statewide races rather than having everyone run for Senate. Allred’s decision to exit the Senate primary raises the odds that the contest will be settled in the March primary, rather than the May runoff that would be required if no candidate reaches 50% in the first round. And Equality PAC, which backs LGBTQ+ candidates, warned last night that “the last thing a Democrat should do is try to unseat the first openly LGBTQ Member of Congress from Texas,” referring to Johnson, who is the first lesbian to serve in federal office from any Southern state.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Lifestyle/video/santa-rappels-chimney-rock-warms-christmas-128199088
Article: Santa rappels down Chimney Rock as he warms up for Christmas Santa Claus was spotted in North Carolina, where he's warming up for Christmas Eve by rappelling down the aptly named Chimney Rock.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/114-people-killed-including-63-children-weeks-drone-128203267
Article: (AP Photo) CAIRO -- The head of the World Health Organization said Monday that the death toll from drone strikes on a kindergarten and other sites in Sudan's Kordofan state last week is now at 114 people killed, including 63 children. Tedros Ghebreyesus, the director of the WHO, said on X that the organization “deplores these senseless attacks on civilians and health facilities, and calls again for an end to the violence, and increased access to humanitarian aid, including health.” The Sudan Doctor’s Network and Emergency Lawyers, groups that track violence against civilians in Sudan, blamed the Rapid Support Forces paramilitary, also known as the RSF, for the strikes. In a statement Saturday, Emergency Lawyers called the attack “a flagrant violation of international humanitarian law, including the protection of civilians, especially children, and vital civilian infrastructure.” The strikes come amid a two-year war between the RSF and the Sudanese military.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/08/ibm-confluent-deal-data.html
Article: The addition of Confluent fits with IBM's deal last year to land cloud software maker HashiCorp for $6.4 billion and the 2023 move to acquire Apptio in a deal worth $4.6 billion.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/08/how-bridgewater-founder-ray-dalio-would-play-the-markets-right-now.html
Article: Speaking to CNBC on Monday, Dalio said that he would play the AI game but bet more on companies using the technology rather than hyperscalers: the mega-cap firms such as Amazon , Microsoft , Google and Meta , though Dalio didn't name names. "The greatest impact is going to come from the users," he told Dan Murphy on CNBC's "Access Middle East." "So those who have the platforms for enabling or those who actually use it to change their cost and their effectiveness will be the real beneficiaries," he said, adding that such names aren't as expensive. In November, the European Central Bank warned that the concentration of gains in a small group of companies could mean the market was overlooking bigger risks, adding: "Current market pricing does not appear to reflect persistently elevated vulnerabilities and uncertainties." Dalio, who founded Bridgewater in 1975 but stood down as CEO in 2017 and left the board this year, said that diversification was "very much important." "I would also deal with the issue of money," he said.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/08/stocks-making-the-biggest-moves-premarket-avgo-cflt-cvna.html
Article: Check out the companies making the biggest moves before the bell: Confluent – The Wall Street Journal published a report on Sunday that IBM is in advanced talks to seal an $11 billion deal to acquire data-infrastructure company Confluent, boosting the latter company's shares by 27%. Berkshire Hathaway — Warren Buffett's conglomerate announced the departure of Todd Combs, investment officer and Geico CEO, who will be joining JPMorgan Chase as head of the bank's new Security and Resiliency Initiative to find direct equity investments.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/08/dan-ives-raises-apple-price-target-says-iphone-maker-will-enter-ai-revolution-in-2026.html
Article: The Wedbush analyst reiterated his outperform rating on the iPhone maker and lifted his 12-month price target to $350 from $320, which signals a gain of about 26% from Friday's close. He pointed to Apple formally announcing a partnership with Google's Gemini early next year in the AI space, which he expects to be a "gamechanger" for both companies going forward. "The elephant in the room remains the invisible AI strategy, with the biggest consumer installed base in the world of 2.4 billion iOS devices and 1.5 billion iPhones, the time is now for Apple to accelerate its AI efforts. We believe the AI monetization piece could add $75 to $100 per share to the Apple story over the coming few years as it finally plays out after a head scratching AI strategy this year in Apple Park." Ives also expects Tim Cook will remain Apple's CEO through at least the end of 2027 to help guide the company through this AI technology transition.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/08/roth-401k-contributions.html
Article: Cravetiger | Moment | Getty Images Nearly all 401(k) plans now allow for workers to save money in Roth accounts, after legislative changes led adoption to jump significantly in recent years. Financial planners generally recommend Roth savings for workers who are likely in a lower tax bracket now than when they retire, like young people who are early in their careers. A Roth 401(k) can be particularly beneficial, because it lets workers put aside more per year than a Roth IRA ($24,500 compared with $7,500, respectively, in 2026), and doesn't have the income restrictions that come with Roth IRA contributions. Nearly all employers offering a 401(k) plan now allow workers to contribute to Roth 401(k) accounts: About 96% of plans permitted Roth savings in 2024, according to a recent report by the Plan Sponsor Council of America, a trade group representing employers with workplace retirement plans. Secure 2.0's effect on Roth availability Workers traditionally save for retirement on a pretax basis, meaning they get a tax break on 401(k) contributions now but pay taxes on their savings and investment earnings later. For example, the legislation, which was passed in 2022 during the Biden administration, requires that all "catch-up" contributions from workers age 50 or older who are high earners be made to Roth accounts. "We've seen an increase north over the last 10 years anyway, but it definitely increased the rate of adoption." Additionally, the law gave employers the option to offer 401(k) matches in Roth accounts. About 19% of 401(k) plans have added or were in the process of adding this option in 2024, and a third of plans are considering it, according to PSCA data. Why the government likes Roth savings The government is likely expanding Roth 401(k) access points for workers in order to collect more revenue for federal coffers sooner rather than later, said Philip Chao, a certified financial planner and founder of Experiential Wealth, based in Cabin John, Maryland. "The government's motivation is obvious: We want to collect the taxes now, and don't really want to give everybody a tax break [up front], because we need the money," Chao said. The Tax Policy Center estimates that share will swell to 126% by 2034, exacerbated by the so-called One Big Beautiful Bill, a multitrillion-dollar package of tax and spending cuts Republicans passed in July.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/08/truist-upgrades-this-discount-retailer-with-unicorn-like-growth.html
Article: Despite the stock's year-to-date rally — Five Below is up 65% in 2025 — Ciccarelli pointed out that shares are still trading below their historical average, while the company's "unicorn-like growth" could command a significantly higher multiple from here. Ciccarelli added that Five Below should be a primary beneficiary of outsized tax refunds early next year, since it is a retailer with a middle income customer base and heavy discretionary offerings. "After hitting a wall last year due to stale merchandise, poor product values and in-store disruptions, FIVE has turned around their operation, posting beats all year, with a massive step-up in Traffic, Ticket and total comp in 3Q25," he said. "Given these trends, the upcoming tax refund season and the additional levers to mrgns (still well-below historical levels), we believe the stock can command a significantly higher multiple." Five Below shares rose more than 2% following the upgrade.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/08/netflix-gets-a-downgrade-after-announcing-warner-bros-film-and-streaming-acquisition.html
Article: Headwinds it introduces, he said, include approval risk and a likely time frame of between 18 to 24 months to close, along with the possibility of a bidding war with Paramount Skydance that could further drive the cost higher. NFLX YTD mountain NFLX YTD chart Most importantly, he added, this deal underscores Netflix's concern that short form entertainment and declining attention spans are stealing market shares away from traditional long form content and streaming. "We are moving to more conservative stance on our outlook as we believe this expensive deal does partly signal concern from management about trying to combat mediocre subscriber engagement trends," Wlodarczak wrote. "We reduced our 2030 subscriber forecasts from ~440M to ~420M and our '30 [average revenue per user] from $15 in 2030 to $13 which was the primary driver of a substantial $55 decline in our YE'26 target price to $105." Other upcoming risks for the stock include Netflix's large future content obligations, its high reliance on net neutrality and materials risks that will be introduced by the development and launch of an advertising-based option. Wlodarczak added that user engagement trends have been flatlining despite a strong content slate, while Netflix's dependency on Amazon Web Services to host its content infrastructure also benefits a direct competitor.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/video/newsfeed/2025/12/8/from-fear-to-freedom-syrians-reflect-one-year-after-assad?traffic_source=rss
Article: From fear to freedom: Syrians reflect one year after Assad NewsFeed From fear to freedom: Syrians reflect one year after Assad As Syrians mark one year since the fall of Bashar al-Assad, people across Damascus say they’re celebrating a long-awaited sense of freedom, safety, and national renewal after decades of oppression and years of war.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/8/one-year-since-the-fall-of-bashar-al-assad-a-timeline?traffic_source=rss
Article: Syrians are marking the first anniversary of the overthrow of Bashar al-Assad, as the fractured nation struggles to overcome sectarianism and rebuild its economy following 14 years of civil war. The toppling of al-Assad also ended a long civil war that left lasting scars on the country and saw some 6.8 million Syrians – about one-third of the population – flee abroad. While Syria has, since then, seen the lifting of crippling economic sanctions and the formal restoration of diplomatic relations with other countries, it also faces great political uncertainty as it grapples with bouts of sectarian violence and protracted Israeli aggression. More than one million Syrian refugees have already returned home, while millions more among the diaspora weigh the decision to do the same and rebuild their lives in their homeland. Here is a look at what has happened over the past year: December 8, 2024: Rebels led by Ahmed al-Sharaa’s Hayat Tahrir al-Sham (HTS) group capture Damascus during a rapid march to the capital following a lightning advance across the country. Advertisement December 10, 2024: Syrians set fire to the grave of Hafez al-Assad, whose iron-fisted rule began in 1971 and ended in 2000, when his son, Bashar, succeeded him following his death. HTS, which was affiliated with al-Qaeda before breaking ties in 2016, is designated “a terrorist organisation” by many Western governments, which now face the challenge of determining their approach towards it as part of Syria’s new interim government. December 16, 2024: In his first public remarks since being deposed, al-Assad defends his rule and denies planning his departure as armed opposition fighters – whom he describes as “terrorists” – closed in on Damascus. January 3: The French and German foreign ministers meet Syria’s new de facto rulers in Damascus, marking the first trip by top European officials to the country since al-Assad’s fall. March 6-12: Fighters loyal to al-Assad attack security forces in several places in Latakia and Tartous governorates, which are home to the Alawite minority sect to which the al-Assad family belongs. April 3: Syria’s president accuses Israel of attempting to destabilise the country following a double attack on airbases and a deadly ground incursion, which marks an intensification of Israeli military activity against Syria. June 23: A suicide attack on the Mar Elias Church in Damascus shakes Syria – particularly the country’s Christian community – and raises questions about the ability of the new Syrian government to manage security in the country and protect its citizens, including those from minority groups. August 4: The Kurdish-led SDF claims armed factions associated with the country’s security forces have attacked some of its positions in the northern province of Aleppo, amid efforts by Syria’s fledgling government to unify the nation. October 7: The Syrian army and the SDF call a truce in two areas of Aleppo city after a member of the Syrian security forces is killed in an SDF attack on a checkpoint in the city. November 18: Syria launches the trial of the first of hundreds of suspects charged over their roles in deadly clashes, which killed hundreds in the country’s coastal provinces in March. December 2: Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu says a non-aggression pact between Israel and Syria is achievable, but outlines expectations that Syrian authorities establish a demilitarised buffer zone stretching from Damascus to Jabal al-Sheikh, which Israel currently occupies.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/gallery/2025/12/8/indigo-battles-passenger-fury-over-lost-luggage-chaos?traffic_source=rss
Article: IndiGo, which holds 65 percent of the domestic market, has apologised after it was forced to cancel more than 3,400 flights in less than a week, having failed to plan adequately for stricter rules governing pilot rest. Vikash Bajpai, 47, said he had been waiting for four days for the luggage he and his 72-year-old mother had checked in for their flight home to Pune from Kanpur, where they had attended a wedding. “I am extremely upset.” Advertisement A senior IndiGo executive told the Reuters news agency the airline was working “round the clock” to clear the backlog and ensure the bags reached their owners.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/video/newsfeed/2025/12/8/germanys-chancellor-pledges-staunch-support-in-israel?traffic_source=rss
Article: NewsFeed Germany’s chancellor pledges staunch support in Israel Germany’s Chancellor Friedrich Merz has pledged his country’s unwavering support for Israel in his first visit to the country since taking office in May.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/8/indonesia-counts-human-cost-as-more-climate-change-warnings-sounded?traffic_source=rss
Article: The National Disaster Management Agency (BNPB) reported late on Sunday that 961 people had been killed, with 234 people missing and about 5,000 injured across the Aceh, North Sumatra and West Sumatra provinces. Risk to billions The Asian Water Development Outlook 2025, published by the Asian Development Bank (ADB) on Monday, warned that the impact of climate change on Asia’s water systems poses a risk to billions. Advertisement That could jeopardise gains over the past 12 years that have seen more than 60 percent of Asia-Pacific’s population – about 2.7 billion people – escape extreme water insecurity, the report says. “Asia’s water story is a tale of two realities, with monumental achievements on water security coupled with rising risks that could undermine this progress,” said Norio Saito, the ADB’s senior director for water and urban development. “Without water security, there is no development,” Saito said, adding that the report showed that urgent action was needed to restore ecosystem health, strengthen resilience, improve water governance, and deploy innovative finance to deliver long-term water security. Rising disaster threat The report said ​​extreme weather events such as storm surges, rising sea levels, and saltwater intrusion, along with rising water-related disasters, threaten the region, which already accounts for more than 40 percent of the world’s floods. From 2013 to 2023, the Asia Pacific region experienced 244 major floods, 104 droughts, and 101 severe storms, causing widespread damage to life and property and undermining crucial development gains. It said water ecosystems were deteriorating or stagnating in 30 of the 50 Asian countries it looked at, as they face threats from pollution, unchecked development and the conversion of land to other uses.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/video/newsfeed/2025/12/8/al-jazeera-correspondent-recalls-dramatic-entry-to-damascus-as-assad-fell?traffic_source=rss
Article: NewsFeed Al Jazeera correspondent recalls dramatic entry to Damascus as Assad fell Al Jazeera’s Zeina Khodr became the first international journalist to enter Damascus as the city fell to opposition fighters.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/liveblog/2025/12/8/thailand-cambodia-live-news-thousands-flee-clashes-as-border-row-reignites?traffic_source=rss
Article: blinking-dot Live updates Live updates, Thailand-Cambodia live news: Thousands flee clashes as border row reignites Thailand launches air attacks along disputed border with Cambodia as both countries accuse the other of violating ceasefire.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/8/benins-foiled-coup-how-it-unfolded-and-what-we-know?traffic_source=rss
Article: Click here to share on social media Benin’s President Patrice Talon has claimed that the situation is “completely under control” in the Western African nation after the government thwarted an attempted coup on Sunday. Early on Sunday, soldiers calling themselves the Military Committee for Refoundation declared on state television they had toppled Talon, who has been in power since 2016, prompting a swift response from loyal army forces, joined by air attacks and troop deployments from neighbouring Nigeria. Several West African nations have faced coups in recent years, including Benin’s northern neighbours, Niger and Burkina Faso, as well as Mali, Chad, Guinea and, most recently, Guinea-Bissau, where soldiers seized power last month after disputed election results. African Union Commission Chairperson Mahmoud Ali Youssouf, in a statement, “strongly and unequivocally condemns the military coup attempt” in Benin, stressing that any form of military interference in political processes is “a grave violation of the fundamental principles and values” of the AU. The Economic Community of West African States (ECOWAS) in a statement also said it strongly condemned the attempted military coup and would support efforts by the government to restore order. ECOWAS said it has ordered the deployment of a regional troop comprising personnel from Nigeria, Sierra Leone, Ivory Coast and Ghana to support Benin’s army to “preserve constitutional order and the territorial integrity of the Republic of Benin”.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/video/newsfeed/2025/12/8/how-opposition-forces-toppled-syrias-assad-a-year-ago?traffic_source=rss
Article: NewsFeed How opposition forces toppled Syria’s Assad a year ago One year ago, Syrians celebrated on the streets as opposition forces toppled the decades-long reign of the Assad family in a matter of days.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/mlb/blue-jays-predicted-to-sign-4-time-all-star-to-pair-with-vladimir-guerrero-jr-11172956
Article: The winter meetings got underway Sunday in Orlando, and for the Toronto Blue Jays, this week could be the perfect time to establish clear front-runner status in the American League. On Monday, ESPN's Jorge Castillo predicted that Tucker would ultimately make that commitment, and that the Blue Jays would add a lefty with a career .865 OPS to the middle of the order. "The Blue Jays whiffed on the brightest stars of the past two free agent classes -- Shohei Ohtani and Juan Soto -- and Rogers Communications still has money to spend after investing $500 million in Vladimir Guerrero Jr. Pairing the left-handed-hitting outfielder with the right-handed-hitting Guerrero would give Toronto a scary tandem for years." Tucker's season was disrupted by a hand fracture that he tried to play through and wound up sustaining a two-month slump, yet he still sported a 143 OPS+ and 4.6 wins above replacement in 134 games. If Tucker were to join the Blue Jays soon, the natural next question would be whether the deal took Toronto out of the running for incumbent shortstop Bo Bichette, one of the handful of other free agents projected to sign for nine figures.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/toddler-cries-moms-suggestion-hang-christmas-lights-11172900
Article: The dad, who goes by @henpecked_hal on Threads and did not give his name, told Newsweek that they had stepped outside for what they hoped would be a festive family project. "We challenged my kids with the impossible task of unraveling a string of lights, but their attention quickly shifted as I extended a ladder high up in the tree," the poster said. Then came what the dad jokingly described as his daughter’s "epiphany." Mid-sobs, she straightened up, wiped her face and delivered her solution with absolute confidence: "I know, make DAD do it!" "I love nothing more than playing up my role as second fiddle, so this was my time to shine," the dad said.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/economist-issues-inflation-warning-over-trumps-next-fed-chair-11172954
Article: Kevin Hassett, director of the National Economic Council, is currently tapped to succeed Jerome Powell’s term ends in May, but Justin Wolfers said on Sunday that his ties to the president may mean indirect and undue executive influence over the independent body. "We’ve seen it happen in other countries like Turkey—you appoint a loyalist, the loyalist puts in place policies that reflect the president’s idiosyncratic, utterly bizarre, dreamtime views about how the economy works," Wolfers told MS Now. Why It Matters Concerns that the Fed’s independence was being undermined emerged earlier this year after the central bank decided at successive meetings to keep interest rates steady out of inflationary concerns, leading to a flurry of attacks and threats of legal action from Trump against the incumbent chair. While the Fed chair, like other governors, has only one vote in rate-setting meetings, they are seen as setting the central bank’s agenda and guiding its approach to inflation, employment conditions and overall economic stability. What To Know In pointing to the case of Turkey, Wolfers, a frequent critic of the Trump administration’s agenda, drew on one of the clearest modern examples of central bank interference cascading into an all-out economic crisis. Over a period of several years beginning with Turkey shifting to an executive presidency in 2018, President Recep Tayyip Erdogan, who once called interest rates "the mother and father of all evil," routinely pressured the central bank to cut borrowing costs even as inflation accelerated and officials urged a change of course. has in the past benefited from "magnificent Fed chairs." He cited Janet Yellen and Ben Bernanke as examples, both of whom, like Hassett, were formerly chairs of the president’s Council of Economic Advisers. However, Wolfers said Hassett’s selection would mark a "complete and abrupt departure from the way we’ve typically done this," and said Hassett’s economic expertise had been replaced with a sense "that his role is to serve the president and the president’s whims." Trump’s top economic adviser is currently the runaway favorite to succeed Powell, with both Polymarket and Kalshi listing these odds at around 80 percent. That norm, picking Fed chairs for brains not loyalty, does more to protect your paycheck than any campaign slogan." William Silber, former senior economist in with the Council of Economic Advisers, told Newsweek that the 1913 Federal Reserve Act was "designed to limit the influence of the executive branch on the Fed," and that "appointing a political operative to the chairmanship of the Fed would undermine the intent of Congress." However, he said whether Hassett falls within this definition will "depend on his testimony before Congress" once nominated. What Happens Next Trump has said he will make the announcement on his pick "early next year." Last week, the president said he knew who he will nominate for the role, and strongly suggested that it would be Hassett. Thank you, Kevin." Other potential candidates on the shortlist include former Governor Kevin Warsh, current Governor Christopher Waller and asset manager Rick Rieder, with small bets also being placed on Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent and Governor Michelle Bowman.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/woman-buys-1970s-time-capsule-home-never-expects-left-behind-11171832
Article: But, as she told Newsweek, "it proved incredibly hard to find." That is, until Hidalgo toured her now-home, and was so blown away by the "flow and design" that she "even asked my realtor if it had been designed by an architect." Her realtor wasn't sure, so Hidalgo went digging herself—and quickly realized the house was "something special." It turns out that her home was built to the layout of an award-winning floor plan, popularized by the "go-to magazine for all things home decor" back in the day: Better Homes & Gardens. "BH & G hired architects to create original floor plans for readers to purchase if they wanted an 'expert-designed home,' and, in 1972, let the public vote on their favorite," Hidalgo said. 3709-A is the exact floor plan of the home I purchased." Now, Hidalgo is working with a contractor to help bring the home up to 2025 code while still retaining its old-style charm—and it was during one of these visits that they made a discovery that has led Hidalgo to go viral. In a video to her Instagram account @herstoryretold on November 14, Hidalgo showed what appeared to be a tiny trap door in one of the walls, and had "no idea" what it was—until her contractor revealed all. When opened, the trap door made a suction sound—and a long vacuum hose, which Hidalgo had assumed was left behind by the previous owners, even though there was "no vacuum for it to hook up to," was supposed to attach to it. "It's in a bunch of the rooms," Hidalgo wrote over the clip, and added in the caption: "No one told us we would be living in the lap of luxury after buying a time-capsule 1978 home. What a neat find!" Hidalgo told Newsweek that device works "perfectly," and it "doesn’t shock me that a BH & G-featured home included a feature designed to make housekeeping more modern and convenient for the time." Hidalgo said: "Central vacuum systems are still installed today, but now the hose is typically concealed inside the wall. Grew up in a 1996 home that had this and it really helped with chores!" "Never did I think I would be jealous over a vacuum and yet here we are," another posted. And one wrote: "As a lover of both vintage homes and vacuums, I am incredibly happy to see such a home being actually appreciated and not gutted, and I'm not jealous at all, no not me, I'm definitely not really really jealous!" Hidalgo isn't the only one appreciative of her iconic home. She said she is part of a Facebook group "dedicated to owners of this floor plan," where "people share nostalgic stories about growing up in these houses, while newer owners like me connect over how to update and preserve them." "Since many of us are making repairs and renovations due to the age of the homes, the group has been incredibly helpful for seeing how others have approached updates while keeping the original charm." Do you have funny and adorable videos or pictures you want to share?

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/donald-trump-more-power-supreme-court-11172017
Article: A Supreme Court case being heard Monday could give Donald Trump unprecedented influence over federal regulators by allowing presidents to fire the heads of independent agencies at will—upending a 90-year-old constraint on presidential power. If the justices narrow or overturn the ruling, presidents could gain broad authority to refashion regulatory bodies such as the FTC, National Labor Relations Board (NLRB), and Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), raising the likelihood of rapid policy swings and weakening guardrails meant to insulate oversight from political pressure. The Justice Department has told Congress it now views for-cause protections for members of multimember commissions as unconstitutional and will "urge the Supreme Court to overrule" the 1935 decision, clearing the way for presidents to remove the heads of independent agencies at will. Wilcox, the Court stayed orders reinstating two removed members, concluding that "the Government is likely to show that both the NLRB and MSPB exercise considerable executive power" and that the president therefore "may remove without cause executive officers who exercise that power on his behalf." What Humphrey’s Executor Held The Court’s 1935 decision involved President Franklin Roosevelt’s attempt to remove FTC commissioner William E. The Court held that Congress could restrict the president’s removal authority when dealing with an agency "charged with duties neither political nor executive, but predominantly quasi-judicial and quasi-legislative," and that the FTC was meant to operate "free from executive control." By distinguishing such officers from purely executive officials—who remain removable at will—the ruling became a constitutional foundation for modern independent agencies. Justice Neil Gorsuch wrote earlier this year that wrongfully removed officials may be entitled to back pay but "not reinstatement." The question also bears on the separate removal of Federal Reserve Governor Lisa Cook. Nicholas Barrow argues that Humphrey’s Executor originally permitted tenure protections only for officers whose "duties are neither political nor executive" and that its extension to today’s broad regulatory commissions is "ironic," because it now insulates officials who wield core executive power. Daniel Crane similarly concludes that the case’s factual premises have eroded, arguing the FTC is no longer a nonpartisan, uniquely expert body but "essentially a law enforcement agency beholden to the will of Congress." By contrast, Aditya Bamzai and Peter Shane argue that Humphrey’s Executor remains a foundational constraint on executive power. Bamzai emphasizes early constitutional practice favoring presidential control, while Shane stresses Congress’s authority to design agencies and cautions—invoking Justice Story—that removing such limits risks turning administrators into "mere tools and creatures of the president." A Potential Turning Point If the Court overturns Humphrey’s Executor, presidents could gain near-total discretion over independent-agency leadership, reshaping regulatory policy across the federal government. What People Are Saying John Yoo, UC Berkeley law professor said: "The future of the independence of the administrative state is at issue." Brian Fitzpatrick, Vanderbilt law professor said: "It’s very likely the Supreme Court is going to say that…he has to have control of the people helping him execute those laws." Slaughter’s attorneys, in a response brief (via National Constitution Center) said: "The case asks 'has this Court gotten it wrong for the last 90 years?'" What Happens Next The Court’s upcoming ruling in Trump v.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/engaged-couple-buy-dream-home-not-prepared-find-attic-11171484
Article: Kaitlyn Ostolaza, 23, is from Illinois, and recently bought a house with her fiance in a new state, when her parents came to see their new home and help them decorate. But, during this visit, Ostolaza told Newsweek, her keen-eyed father spotted something strange—"an entrance to the attic above the garage, but there was no string to pull the attic ladder down." Curious, the man fixed a string to the attic door, managed to pull it down, and went up to explore—where he found an old wedding dress, carefully hidden away and packaged to protect it from the elements. "Because he sent me a text of the box, I always knew that it was a wedding dress based on what he sent to me and the label on the box," Ostolaza said. "It wasn't until weeks later, however, when I had my fiance go into the attic to get the box." Ostolaza shared a video revealing the dress to her TikTok account @xkirimi on November 26, which has racked up more than 116,000 likes as viewers were in awe at the discovery. In the footage, viewed more than 2.4 million times, Ostolaza explained in words over the clip: "POV [point of view]: You bought a house with your fiance and find a wedding dress in the attic." ... "The train is everything." Ostolaza told Newsweek she had waited two weeks before opening the box, having reached out to the previous homeowners about the dress and getting no reply. And while the dress is "beautiful," she admitted it "isn't ultimately my style—but I really want to incorporate it into my wedding day." "There have been a lot of good ideas left in my comment section about turning it into a reception dress, getting-ready robe," Ostolaza said, "or there is an artist on the platform who creates pieces using wedding dresses that might be a cute way to display [it] in the home." ... And Ostolaza isn't finished exploring her new house, either, as she revealed: "In the same attic above the garage, there were some pool floaties, [and] there is another attic above the home that we have yet to explore." TikTok users loved the story, with one writing: "That looks exactly like my moms wedding dress. You may have a granddaughter who will want to use it." There are myriad things a bride may choose to do with her wedding dress after the big day, according to a report from wedding experts The Knot. Some commenters worried that the dress could belong to whoever owned the house before the people Ostolaza bought it from, with some urging her to try to track them down.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/dave-portnoy-calling-for-murder-of-raiders-coach-sparks-backlash-11172050
Article: The founder of Barstool Sports, Dave Portnoy, is facing backlash after he called for the murder of Las Vegas Raiders head coach Pete Carroll in an outburst following an NFL game against the Denver Broncos. "I want Pete Carroll murdered." Multiple people have spoken out against the video on social media, with host of the podcast Kosher Money Eli Langer advising Portnoy to "retract the call for Pete’s murder." The incident has been highlighted in comparison to the unconnected arrest of a man who allegedly threw coins at Portnoy and shouted antisemitic abuse at him. Newsweek has contacted Barstool Sports and the Las Vegas Raiders, via email outside of normal working hours, for comment on behalf of Portnoy and Carroll, as well as the NFL. I want Pete Carroll murdered." Several people who have spoken out against Portnoy’s rant referenced a recent incident in Mississippi, which saw 20-year-old student Patrick McClintock arrested on a misdemeanor charge of disturbing the peace after he allegedly threw coins at Portnoy and yelled "F*** the Jews." An account called Dissident West, an armchair political expert" said in a post on X: "Reminder that if you throw pennies at the ground and insult Dave Portnoy you'll go to jail for it, but he can publicly call for the murder of someone and not face any legal consequences." The Starkville Police Department, which arrested McClintock, previously the Reflector student newspaper: "Every person has the right to feel safe and respected in our community. Offensive words alone are protected, but when behavior disrupts a public event or risks violence, the Starkville Police Department will take steps to help maintain safety and security." What People Are Saying Mel (@Villgecrazylady) said in a post on X: "Portnoy just called for the murder of Pete Carroll. Remember this the next time he’s crying about people saying hurty words to him." Canncon (@CannConActual) said in a post on X: "Dave Portnoy calls for the murder of a coach to his millions of followers. Will Portnoy be arrested???" Langer commented on Portnoy’s post: "Dave, as a friend, I highly recommend retracting the call for Pete’s murder." What Happens Next The episode is likely to intensify discussions about the obligations of media figures and the boundaries of acceptable discourse.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/us-allies-saudi-uae-clash-territory-neighbor-yemen-11172416
Article: partners Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates (UAE) are increasingly at odds in Yemen, shifting the conflict from a united front against the Houthi movement to a proxy struggle over southern territories and resources. The Southern Transitional Council (STC), backed by the UAE, has consolidated control over much of Yemen’s south, including key oil and port infrastructure, raising the stakes for Gulf regional influence and threatening to redraw Yemen’s political map. What To Know The UAE-backed STC has now seized control of the entire south of Yemen, a development that raises the prospect of the region declaring independence and returning the country to a two-state configuration. Last week, as many as 10,000 STC troops moved into the oil-rich Hadhramaut governorate and then into Al-Mahrah, the sparsely populated governorate bordering Oman that had previously remained outside their control. This shift undermines Saudi efforts to maintain a unified front against the Iranian backed Houthis and complicates its broader regional strategy, forcing the kingdom to reassess whether to attempt a military response, pursue diplomatic negotiations with the STC, or accept a reduced role in Yemen’s south. The country was divided into two states from 1967 until 1990, with the south governed as the People’s Democratic Republic of Yemen and the north as the Yemen Arab Republic, before unifying in 1990. Longstanding political, economic, and cultural divisions persisted, and in 2014 the Houthis seized control of large parts of northern Yemen, prompting a Saudi-led coalition to intervene militarily in 2015 in support of the internationally recognized government. intervention in Sudan’s civil war, a crisis that has drawn international criticism of the UAE for allegedly arming the Rapid Support Forces, a militia accused of committing war crimes in Darfur.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/family-surrenders-blind-senior-dog-then-vets-remove-eyes-11172703
Article: When the baby became a toddler, Kiki became more stressed and hid in her crate away from the child.” With another baby on the way, Schulze said Kiki’s owner determined their home was “no longer a good fit” for her and surrendered her to Seattle Humane. A spokesperson for Seattle Humane told Newsweek that it was ultimately down to concerns that Kiki was “becoming more fearful and anxious.” “Kiki was adopted by her previous owners at five-years-old and lived with other animals in that home,” the spokesperson added. A 2022 analysis of the reasons given for canine relinquishment at animal shelters published in the journal Frontiers in Veterinary Science found “dog behavior” among the most commonly cited by owners. “Kiki's breaks with Jessie have been wonderful for her because she gets a break from the barking and other stressors that come with being in her kennel.” Yet despite these efforts, Kiki really needs a home of her own. “At Kiki's age, with her special needs, I know her transition to living in a kennel in a shelter environment has been particularly stressful,” Schulze said.” I was hoping to find a potential adopter or friend/family member of a potential adopter who might share Kiki and help find her a home.” A lover of cuddles, walks and lounging in the sun, Seattle Humane is keen to stress that Kiki’s disability does not hold her back.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/wrestling/wwe-legend-teases-announcement-before-monday-night-raw-11172827
Article: A WWE Hall of Famer has dropped a big hint prior to "Monday Night Raw." The Undertaker got professional wrestling fans buzzing this past weekend after teasing a reveal for Monday. While "The Deadman" didn't get into specifics, he did share two images on X that appeared to have been taken during his "Boneyard Match" with AJ Styles at "WrestleMania 36." "Tomorrow’s arrival may seem ordinary, yet its unveiling is phenomenal," Undertaker wrote. More News: Logan Paul Receives Good News on WWE Future History Between Undertaker and AJ Styles The aforementioned "WrestleMania 36" match between Undertaker and Styles was "The Deadman's" swan song. They are set to defend the gold against the War Raiders on "Monday Night Raw." Many feel it would be fitting for Undertaker and Styles to have one more public interaction before "The Face that Runs the Place" walks away from in-ring action.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/texas-senate-race-jasmine-crockett-11171822
Article: What To Know According to the betting platform Polymarket, in a hypothetical Democratic primary, Talarico would win 45 percent of the vote, Crockett would follow closely with 42 percent, and Allred would trail with 17 percent. Talarico and O'Rourke, who won the party's nomination for the 2018 Senate race in Texas but has not declared his candidacy for next year's election, were tied for second place with 25 percent each. What People Are Saying Representative Jasmine Crockett said on SiriusXM’s The Lurie Daniel Favors Show in October: "Every other day there's a poll that comes out that makes it clear that I can win the primary for the U.S. And I am looking." What Happens Next Crockett said she would make a "special announcement" in Dallas on Monday, 90 minutes before the deadline for candidates in the Senate race to file their paperwork.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/map-tracks-china-naval-moves-pacific-11171606
Article: Lin Jian, spokesperson for China's Foreign Ministry, said last week that Chinese naval and Coast Guard vessels operate at sea in accordance with international law, urging "relevant parties" not to overreact or overinterpret, or make groundless accusations. Why It Matters The Chinese military operates the world's largest navy by hull count, with over 370 ships and submarines, including three aircraft carriers and four Type 075 amphibious assault ships, enabling Beijing to expand its military presence and assert its influence. China's naval deployments have concerned the United States and its allies and partners in the western Pacific, who fear China may attempt to alter the status quo in disputed waters by force and use its sea power as a coercive tool during diplomatic tensions. What To Know Using official information released by China, Australia and Japan, along with satellite imagery, a Newsweek map tracks at least seven groups of Chinese naval vessels across the western Pacific as of Sunday, including in the Philippine Sea and South China Sea. Meanwhile, satellite imagery of China's Yulin Naval Base, provided by Colorado-based intelligence company Vantor, does not show the aircraft carrier CNS Shandong, which shares the South China Sea base as its home port with the aircraft carrier CNS Fujian. This indicates that as early as Friday, the Shandong had departed the base and was operating somewhere in the South China Sea, while the Fujian remained docked at the port. CNS Hainan, sister ship of the Hubei with hull number 31, was operating north of Papua New Guinea on Wednesday, operating alongside a Type 055 destroyer, a Type 054A frigate and a Type 903A replenishment ship, Vantor's satellite imagery shows. Australian Defense Minister Richard Marles confirmed the presence of the Hainan task group in the Philippine Sea and said the Chinese ships will remain under Australia's surveillance "until we know that they are not coming in the vicinity of Australia." A three-vessel Chinese training task group led by the landing ship CNS Changbaishan, hull number 989, arrived in Jakarta, Indonesia, on Sunday for what the Chinese navy called a four-day visit. The Chinese Type 055 destroyer CNS Anshan, hull number 103, was spotted by Japan as it returned to the East China Sea following a transit of the Miyako Strait on Friday with two other vessels—a Type 054A frigate and a Type 903A replenishment ship. What People Are Saying Lin Jian, spokesperson for the Chinese Foreign Ministry, said: "Let me stress that China is committed to a national defense policy that is defensive in nature. The Chinese navy and China Coast Guard carry out activities in relevant waters in strict accordance with China's domestic laws and international law." Admiral David Johnston, Australian Chief of the Defense Force, said: "I am very confident that, depending on where the [Chinese] task group goes, and certainly…if it were to get closer to Australia, in our ability to provide air based surveillance, maritime based surveillance, where it's relevant. But it, of course, depends on what the task group does." The Pentagon's Chinese military power report commented: "The [People's Liberation Army Navy, PLAN] continues to develop into a global force, gradually extending its operational reach beyond East Asia into a sustained ability to operate at increasingly longer ranges…The PLAN's latest surface and subsurface platforms enable combat operations beyond the reach of the [People's Republic of China]'s land-based defenses." ...

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/chipotle-launches-burrito-inspired-travel-set-11172379
Article: Chipotle Mexican Grill and travel brand BÉIS have jointly launched “The To Go Collection,” an “exclusive set of travel essentials inspired by Chipotle’s menu and packaging, and designed to keep food warm. The Chipotle x BÉIS “To Go Collection” includes: The Chipotle Rollers, available in Carry-On ($278) and Large ($378) sizes Luggage Covers in Carry-On ($58) and Large ($68) The Take Out Tote Bag ($98), sized to fit a classic Chipotle bowl Burrito Holder Sling ($48), designed to hold a burrito with fitted insulation to keep it warm Chipotle Napkin Sling ($78) with an exterior pocket, ideal for napkins Burrito Duffle bag ($128) Burrito Pouch Set ($68) Guac Cup Bag Charm ($34) Burrito Luggage Tag ($28) Burrito On Board Charm ($18) Pepper Key Charm ($18) The first 5,000 qualifying orders in the U.S. BÉIS and Chipotle celebrated the launch with a two-day public pop-up store at Chipotle Larchmont in Los Angeles on December 6 and 7, which gave attendees the chance to preview and purchase the collection before its digital release, while also giving them opportunities for exclusive content and photos. What People Are Saying In the official Chipotle press release, BÉIS CEO Adeela Hussain Johnson said: “We’re longtime Chipotle fans here at BÉIS and were excited to approach clever design in a new, fresh way through this collaboration. After all, during the busy holiday season and beyond, having your Chipotle burritos and bowls with you hands-free is a must.” Chris Brandt, president and chief brand officer at Chipotle, said: “Chipotle is the last stop on the way to the airport and the first stop after landing for many of our fans.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/woman-discovers-secret-button-antique-door-11172263
Article: A Kentucky woman was shocked to discover the antique set of doors she had in her house were harboring a “secret.” Michaela Rose, who chose not to share her full name with Newsweek, knew there was something special about that set of doors in her Victorian house in Louisville before she and husband even moved in. “They separate the parlor of the home from the living room, so it’s a big beautiful room when the doors are open.” Rose and her partner bought the house back in October but are still finding surprises. While Rose and her husband are pretty adept at finding these hidden features and bringing these properties to life, it took the intervention of another local resident for them to discover the secret lurking within this particular set of doors. Rose has always loved historic homes and was excited by these doors, which are a unique type referred to as “pocket doors.” She said: “The doors work using a track on the top of the door and you can slide them in and out of the wall to close off the rooms." ... “We didn’t actually know it had the handle feature until we invited our neighbor over to see the house, they had actually owned the home previously for 15 years,” Rose said. “She pointed out the feature to us and we were finally able to close the doors.” Rose and her husband had struggled with the doors previously, so this revelation was a most welcome one. One of the doors was stuck and I was worried we would have to damage the door to get it out, but we were able to use the handle,” she said. “It has allowed us to use the rooms as they were originally designed, either separate or as one.” Rose took to TikTok, posting under the handle @michaela_rose05 to reveal what they had found. I don’t know how long it would have taken us to figure it out without our neighbor showing us.” Rose hopes the clip also encourages others to look for “secrets” of their own in their home.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/politics/colin-allred-drops-out-us-senate-race-challenge-julie-johnson-for-congress/287-db778879-272d-4045-b7b1-b7fbab44a7d2
Article: “In the past few days, I’ve come to believe that a bruising Senate Democratic primary and runoff would prevent the Democratic Party from going into this critical election unified against the danger posed to our communities and our Constitution by Donald Trump and one of his Republican bootlickers Paxton, Cornyn, or Hunt. “At a time when Trump and the GOP target the LGBTQ community, the last thing a Democrat should do is try to unseat the first openly LGBTQ Member of Congress from Texas. But Allred said the new 33rd congressional district is a good fit since he lives there, used to represent parts of it when he served in Congress, and said he secured more than $135-million in federal resources for it during his three terms in Congress. “I’m humbly asking to return to Congress — to keep fighting so that kids who are growing up all across the 33rd district can get the same chances as I did,” Allred’s statement said.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/nation-world/golden-globe-nominations/507-60ef4c24-edb8-4157-b52c-23191961fda2
Article: Expect to hear these movies called out more than once: “Sinners,” “Wicked: For Good” and “One Battle After Another.” Those are some of the movies likely to among the top nominations getters. Since the Globes split their awards between drama and comedy-musical, and each category gets six nominees, there will be plenty of room for the favorites to get in, and for a few unexpected nominees, too. That adds to the two-year-old award for cinematic and box-office achievement, a prize that so far has gone to “Barbie” and “Wicked.” After a series of scandals for the Hollywood Foreign Press Association, the group that previously put on the ceremony, the Globes were sold in 2023 to Todd Boehly's Eldridge Industries and Dick Clark Productions, a part of Penske Media.

Link: https://abc7.com/post/golden-globe-nominations-should-give-skewed-oscar-picture-new-podcast-category/18263552/
Article: Golden Globe nominations should give a skewed Oscar picture, plus a new podcast category The awards will have their first-ever Best Podcast category, with Amy Poehler’s Good Hang and ABC’s 20/20 among the contenders. Expect to hear these movies called out more than once: "Sinners," "Wicked: For Good" and "One Battle After Another." Those are some of the movies likely to among the top nominations getters. Since the Globes split their awards between drama and comedy-musical, and each category gets six nominees, there will be plenty of room for the favorites to get in, and for a few unexpected nominees, too. That adds to the two-year-old award for cinematic and box-office achievement, a prize that so far has gone to "Barbie" and "Wicked." After a series of scandals for the Hollywood Foreign Press Association, the group that previously put on the ceremony, the Globes were sold in 2023 to Todd Boehly's Eldridge Industries and Dick Clark Productions, a part of Penske Media.

Link: https://abc7.com/post/trump-says-netflix-deal-buy-warner-bros-could-problem-because-size-market-share/18263520/
Article: If approved by regulators, the merger would put two of the world's biggest streaming services under the same ownership and join Warner's television and motion picture division, including DC Studios, with Netflix's vast library and its production arm. "I have a lot of respect for him but it's a lot of market share, so we'll have to see what happens." Asked if Netflix should be allowed to buy the Hollywood giant behind "Harry Potter" and HBO Max, the president said, "Well that's the question." "They have a very big market share and when they have Warner Bros., you know, that share goes up a lot so, I don't know," he said. But they have a very big market share" Sarandos made no guarantees at their meeting about the merger if it is approved, Trump said, adding that the CEO is a "great person" who has "done one of the greatest jobs in the history of movies and other things." He repeated that a merger would create a "big market share" for the company.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cx25nk0kx58o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Prince Harry's security in UK under review It is understood a Home Office review will now look at whether he should automatically receive full police protection on visits to the UK even though he is no longer a working member of the royal family. In a BBC interview after the ruling, he said it was not safe to bring his family back to the country of his birth because he could not guarantee their safety. In his legal challenge earlier this year, he contested the decision-making process used by a committee called the Protection of Royalty and Public Figures (Ravec), which authorises security for senior royals on behalf of the Home Office. A senior judge ruled that Prince Harry's "sense of grievance" over how the decision to alter his security was reached did not amount to a basis for a successful appeal. He also said any prospect of a return to the UK for him and his family was "impossible" in light of the Court of Appeal ruling, adding: "I can't see a world in which I would bring my wife and children back to the UK at this point." At the time, Buckingham Palace said: "All of these issues have been examined repeatedly and meticulously by the courts, with the same conclusion reached on each occasion." According to The Sun newspaper, the process for reassessing the duke's threat level is already under way and a decision is expected next month.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cy4xrn0z0r0o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Police assess claims Reform overspent on Farage election campaign 29 minutes ago Share Save Becky Morton Political reporter Share Save Getty Images Essex Police are assessing allegations that Reform UK overspent on Nigel Farage's general election campaign in Clacton last year. Richard Everett, a former member of Farage's campaign team, told the Daily Telegraph he believes Reform exceeded the £20,660 spending limit set by electoral law in the Essex constituency and failed to declare some costs, although he said Farage was "blissfully unaware" of the omissions. In claims first reported by the Telegraph, Mr Everett alleged that Reform failed to declare spending on some leaflets, banners, utility bills and the refurbishment of a bar in the constituency office. According to the newspaper, the documents show Reform came within £400 of the legal spending limit for the constituency but Mr Everett claims that figure excludes some costs and he believes the party overspent by around £9,000. In a statement, Essex Police said: "We are assessing a report relating to alleged misreported expenditure by a political party in connection with the 2024 general election, following a referral to us by the Met Police." Farage took over as leader of Reform UK in June 2024, around a month before the general election. Failure to do so will raise even more questions about what he has to hide." Conservative chairman Kevin Hollinrake called for a full investigation by the Electoral Commission, which oversees elections and regulates political finance in the UK, as well as the police.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/100-schoolchildren-abducted-nigeria-released-held-128205229
Article: The Christian Association of Nigeria says 100 schoolchildren abducted from a Catholic school last month have been released 100 schoolchildren abducted in Nigeria are released; more still being held A worried parent of abducted school children looks on at St. (AP Photo ) MINNA, Nigeria -- A total of 100 of the schoolchildren abducted from a Nigerian Catholic school last month have been released, the Christian Association of Nigeria said Monday, adding that more than 100 students remain in captivity. Daniel Atori, a spokesman for the association in Niger state, told The Associated Press that the church learned the children were released during the weekend and that they will be transported to Niger state’s capital of Minna to meet with officials. The Niger state attack was among a spate of recent mass abductions in Nigeria, and happened four days after 25 schoolchildren were seized in similar circumstances in neighboring Kebbi state’s Maga town, which is 170 kilometers (106 miles) away. President Donald Trump — who has alleged that Christians are being targeted in Nigeria’s security crisis — Nigerian President Bola Tinubu has promised he will not relent until all hostages are freed.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/08/monday-stocks-from-analyst-calls-include-nvidia-tesla-apple-gm.html
Article: "Upgrade V to Buy - TP to $389 from $335; upgrade MA to Buy – TP to $633 from $598." Morgan Stanley downgrades Tesla to equal weight from overweight Morgan Stanley says it's waiting for a better entry point for Tesla. Maintaining our OP rating and raising our target to $325 (from $300)." Pivotal downgrades Netflix to hold from buy The firm says the deal for Netflix to acquire Warner Bros is expensive. "We are moving to more conservative stance on our outlook as we believe this expensive deal does partly signal concern from management about trying to combat mediocre subscriber engagement trends." Read more. " MMM has gained 64% since we upgraded the stock to Buy in July 2024, and we credit much of this to 'the Bill Brown effect'; the company hired a well-known, well respected industrial CEO with a strong track record of operational execution." KeyBanc upgrades Thermo Fisher to overweight from sector weight Key says the life sciences company has a slew of positive catalysts heading into 2026. "We believe GNRC should benefit from multiple macro trends – increasing penetration of backup power owing to more frequent weather disruptions and a less stable grid, as well as increasing penetration of residential solar plus storage." Bernstein reiterates TSM as outperform Bernstein raises its price target to $330 per share from $290. We view TSMC a quality compounder and a core holding for investors." Morgan Stanley downgrades Ferrari to equal weight from overweight The firm says it sees limited upside for Ferrari shares. We see top line growing below 5% over the next three quarters, and hence wait for a better entry point" Bernstein reiterates Nvidia as outperform Bernstein says it's standing by shares of Nvidia. Hence, we upgrade the stock to Overweight and set a new Jun 2027 price target of SFr125 based on 15.7x 2027E Core EPS." Bank of America reiterates Carvana as buy Bank of America raises its price target to $455 per share from $385. "S & P Dow Jones Indices announced that Carvana will be added to the S & P 500 index as part of the quarterly rebalance, effective prior to market open on December 22, 2025." Read more. "We think ROE could meaningfully recover into 2027 as KBH remains disciplined on capital allocation." Morgan Stanley upgrades Jefferies to overweight from equal weight Morgan Stanley says buy the dip in the investment bank. "Looking forward, our outlook for JEF is favorable driven by the ongoing capital markets rebound, further share gain for JEF ahead with a 48% increase in MD [managing director] headcount since 2021, and a positive overall message at Investor Day on 4Q25 QTD activity and future margin improvement." Morgan Stanley upgrades General Motors to overweight from equal weight Morgan Stanley says GM is well positioned in 2026. "Over the course of the last year, GM made strides in realigning their capital allocation strategy with a more tempered EV and AV growth curve (Ultium, Cruise), right-sized their China business to address a challenging competitive environment while also returning significant capital to shareholders." Barclays initiates Louisiana-Pacific at overweight Barclays says the building materials company is well positioned for share gains. "We believe LP is in the early innings of a multi-year drive to gain share with its premium engineered wood siding solutions." Citigroup initiates Matador Resources at buy Citi says the natural gas company has a competitive advantage. " MTDR' s strength lies in its consistent well results and vertical integration, differentiating it from peers." JPMorgan upgrades Devon Energy to overweight from neutral JPMorgan says the energy company's shares are compelling. "We upgrade DVN to OW (from N) on our updated force ranking methodology, an attractive relative valuation, and tailwinds from the company's $1.0bn business optimization plan." BTIG initiates Canaan at buy BTIG says shares of the bitcoin miner have plenty more room to run. "We are initiating coverage on Canaan ( CAN, Buy, $3 PT)," Bank of America initiates Pinnacle Financial at buy Bank of America says the regional bank is a "high growth" opportunity. "We initiate Pinnacle Financial Partners (PNFP) with a Buy rating and a $113 PO (~18% upside)." Benchmark downgrades Marvell Technology to hold from buy Benchmark acknowledges its downgrade was controversial but says it's concerned about Marvell's loss of Amazon's Trainium chip. "Accordingly, with Marvell's shares performing exceptionally well following its earnings report, we recommend investors take near-term profits on an overly optimistic misread of the company's recent signals toward Amazon stability." Truist upgrades Five Below to buy from hold Truist says the stock is reaching a growth inflection point. "FIVE - Upgrading to Buy from Hold; Unicorn-like growth can command a higher multiple; can 'comp the comp.'" Mizuho initiates Commvault at outperform Mizuho says the software company is best positioned. "New CEO and refreshed leadership drive catalysts via stronger merchandising, disciplined promos, & global/tech growth." Morgan Stanley raises Old Dominion and Canadian Pacific to overweight from equal weight The bank sees an attractive risk/reward for the freight companies. "We are upgrading ODFL and CP to OW (from EW) reflecting their relative quality and cautious investor positioning, which sets up an attractive risk-reward irrespective of what happens to the cycle, despite their relative premium valuations." Wedbush downgrades Pinterest to neutral from outperform Wedbush sees "emerging AI risks" for Pinterest. "We are downgrading shares of Pinterest to Neutral from Outperform and lowering our PT to $30." Bank of America reiterates Micron as neutral Bank of America raises its price target on the stock ahead of earnings later this month. "Based on recent strong DRAM/NAND spot pricing trends, we raise our MU ests and PO to $250 from $180." Barclays reiterates Oracle as overweight Barclays lowers its price target on Oracle to $330 per share from $400 ahead of earnings later this week.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/08/rising-stocks-ipos-new-billionaires-2025.html
Article: Mwelsh | Istock | Getty Images Rising stock markets, a return of merger activity and flowing inheritances helped create 287 new billionaires this year, bringing the global total to over 2,900, according to a new report. While artificial intelligence and tech billionaires may dominate the wealth headlines, the new billionaires of 2025 made their fortunes in a more diverse array of industries – from software and genetics to restaurants, infrastructure and natural gas. The new cohort includes Ben Lamm, co-founder of genetics and bioscience company Colossal; Michael Dorrell, co-founder and CEO of Stonepeak, an infrastructure investment firm; and Bob Pender and Mike Sabel, who co-founded Venture Global, a liquid natural gas exporter that went public in January.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/08/student-loan-borrowers-say-bills-make-it-harder-to-cover-basic-needs-survey.html
Article: Maskot | Maskot | Getty Images More than 4 in 10 – 42% – of federal student loan borrowers say their monthly payments for that debt make it harder to cover basic needs such as food and housing, according to a forthcoming survey. Data for Progress and The Institute for College Access & Success gave CNBC an early look at the survey, set for release Tuesday, which gauges how federal student loan debt has affected borrowers' finances. More than a third of borrowers surveyed, or 37%, said it's more challenging to meet health-care expenses because of their education debt, while 52% said it's been more of a struggle to save for retirement, the survey found. Nearly a third of the borrowers, or 30%, said that the debt has had a negative impact on their plans to get married and start a family, the survey found. "In exchange for trying to better their future, many now face a monthly choice between making their student loan payment or buying groceries, avoiding eviction or getting critical medical care," said Michele Zampini, senior director of college affordability at The Institute for College Access & Success, or TICAS. Experts say borrowers are reeling from a weakening labor market, as well as a barrage of changes to the student loan system and recent trouble accessing relief programs under the Trump administration. 'Budgeting in ways they never imagined just to survive' Carolina Rodriguez, director of the Education Debt Consumer Assistance Program in New York, said she often hears from student loan borrowers who are forced to cut back on essentials. "The food line item is often reduced, but there's only so much they can cut." The current average federal student loan balance is around $39,000, compared with roughly $29,000 in 2015 and $18,000 in 2007, according to an analysis by higher education expert Mark Kantrowitz.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/select/holiday-homebuying/
Article: “There's an advantage to buying earlier rather than later, because as rates fall, prices are going to rise, generally speaking,” said Jonathan Miller, President and CEO of Miller Samuel Real Estate Appraisers and Consultants. Motivated sellers Sellers who have a listing up through December typically want to close on a deal before the end of the year — so they’re more likely to accept an offer or give a discount to get the house off the market, Miller said. In addition, they are more willing to pay closing costs for the buyer (an average of $5,000), or to provide repair credits to the buyer more often than they would at other points in the year, according to ReAlpha. “Sellers that are in the market at this time of year tend to be highly motivated, much like the buyers who are in the market at this time of year,” Realtor.com chief economist Danielle Hale told CNBC Select. Online mortgage lenders can often help homebuyers with lower interest rates and faster closing times Offers in this section are from affiliate partners and selected based on a combination of engagement, product relevance, compensation, and consistent availability. Better Mortgage Terms 10–30 years Minimum credit score 620 Minimum down payment 5% for conventional loans, 3.5% for FHA loans, 0% for VA loans, 10.01% for jumbo loan LEARN MORE Rocket Mortgage Terms 10, 15 or 30 years for fixed-term conventional loans, 30-year VA and FHA loans. Minimum credit score 620 for conventional, 500 for FHA Minimum down payment 0% for VA, 1% for RocketONE+, 3% for conventional, 3.5% for FHA, 10% to 15% for jumbo LEARN MORE Lower-than-average prices Historically, December has been tied with September as the third-cheapest month to buy a home, according to LendingTree. “So people who are waiting for rates to be a lot lower are going to be disappointed, because rates aren't going to fall that much.” To be sure, holiday home shopping is not ideal for everyone. “If your tastes are really specific — say, you know exactly what neighborhood you want to be in, and you know there aren't very many homes that fit your criteria — always keep your eyes open, because you never know when the home that is right for you is going to hit the market.” Plus, it may take longer to close on your home, Hale said. “It is worth keeping in mind that if you make an offer and it gets accepted, you have to work with a lot of people to go from offer to closing,” Hale said. “With holiday closings, you might have to work around that a little bit as you go through the process, so it may take longer than usual.” How to shorten your closing time Closing timelines can depend on several elements — mostly completed in concert with your mortgage lender — including appraisal, inspection and underwriting. The average timeline to close on a house is 42 days, according to ICE Mortgage Technology, but there are plenty of lenders with average closing times much shorter than that. We chose SoFi as the best lender for on-time closing because it offers a guarantee with a credit of up to $10,000 if the lender fails to close when it says it will. SoFi Learn More Annual Percentage Rate (APR) Apply online for personalized rates; fixed-rate and adjustable-rate mortgages included Types of loans VA loan, FHA loan, conventional loan, fixed-rate loan, adjustable-rate loan, jumbo loan, HELOCS & Closed End Second Mortgages Terms 10 – 30 years Credit needed 600 Minimum down payment 3% Terms apply. While CNBC Select earns a commission from affiliate partners on many offers and links, we create all our content without input from our commercial team or any outside third parties, and we pride ourselves on our journalistic standards and ethics. Editorial Note: Opinions, analyses, reviews or recommendations expressed in this article are those of the Select editorial staff’s alone, and have not been reviewed, approved or otherwise endorsed by any third party.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/08/5-things-to-know-before-the-stock-market-opens.html
Article: Here's what to know: The delayed release of September's personal consumption expenditures price index showed core PCE — a key inflation measure — was lighter than economists anticipated on a 12-month basis. Changing of the guard Todd Combs, portfolio manager at Berkshire Hathaway Inc., waits for the start of the "Berkshire Hathaway Invest In Yourself 5K" race presented by Brooks Sports, a Berkshire Hathaway Inc. Daniel Acker / Bloomberg / Getty Images Berkshire Hathaway announced this morning that Todd Combs, investment officer and Geico CEO, will leave the conglomerate to join JPMorgan Chase as head of its new Security and Resiliency Initiative. Berkshire CEO Warren Buffett, who will step down as CEO at the end of the year, said in a press release that Combs "made many great hires" for Geico and "broadened its horizons." Nancy Pierce, operations chief at Geico, will replace Combs as the business' CEO. Elizabeth Warren, D-Mass., has already asked for an antitrust review, calling the deal an "anti-monopoly nightmare." Believing it has a better chance of securing regulatory approval, Paramount Skydance is weighing whether to bring a bid straight to WBD shareholders in a last-ditch effort to beat Netflix, sources told CNBC's Alex Sherman. Google's answer Silas Stein | Picture Alliance | Getty Images After losing its search antitrust case last year, Alphabet on Friday got more details about the consequences it will face. District Judge Amit Mehta said Google can't enter into an agreement like it has with Apple , which it pays for search browser usage, unless the deal has termination date of a year or less. Catherine Mcqueen | Moment | Getty Images The global denim market is now a more than $100 billion industry, driven by major retailers such as Levi Strauss and American Eagle .

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/opinions/2025/12/8/after-el-fasher-we-must-refuse-a-new-normal-of-mass-atrocities-in-darfur?traffic_source=rss
Article: At the onset of the war in 2023, at least 15,000 people, mainly belonging to the Masalit and other non-Arab communities, were killed as the RSF took West Darfur’s capital, el-Geneina. Even when a state of famine was declared in the camp in August 2024, MSF trucks carrying food supplies were stuck for months in North Darfur; the RSF ordered them to go anywhere but near el-Fasher. Far from being the actions of rogue RSF commanders, the mass atrocities culminating in el-Fasher have been part of a deliberate campaign to starve, forcibly displace, and kill civilians, often along ethnic lines. The International Criminal Court charged former President Omar al-Bashir with crimes against humanity and genocide for the atrocities committed by his army and and the Janjaweed militias, which later were reorganised into the RSF. Last month, the UN Human Rights Council tasked the independent fact-finding mission for Sudan to investigate crimes committed in el-Fasher – a process which we call on all states and parties to support. The conflict dynamics under way seem to indicate that the excruciating plight of el-Fasher may not be the end of horrific violence, but rather a milestone in a catastrophic war that keeps crushing civilian lives, notably at this moment in the Kordofan region.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/8/will-trumps-new-security-doctrine-boost-the-rise-of-far-right-in-europe?traffic_source=rss
Article: United States President Donald Trump’s administration claims Europe is facing “civilisational erasure” due to mass migration, a narrative often used by far-right parties to drum up support during elections on the continent. In a 33-page “national security strategy” document released late on Thursday, the Trump administration accused the European Union (EU) of “undermining political liberty and sovereignty” and insisted on the need for US “preeminence” in the Western Hemisphere. One section of the NSS document called “Promoting European Greatness” highlights the continent’s decreasing share in the world’s gross domestic product (GDP) but goes on to claim that the continent’s economic decline is “eclipsed by the real and more stark prospect of civilisational erasure”. Far-right groups in Europe such as the Alternative for Germany (AfD) party, Vox in Spain, Front Populaire in France and Lega Nord in Italy, among others, have built their electoral campaigns on anti-immigrant and xenophobic narratives. On Friday last week, Carl Bildt, Sweden’s former prime minister, wrote in a post on X that “in saying that Europe faces ‘civilizational erasure’ the Trump new security strategy places itself to the right of the extreme right in Europe”. pic.twitter.com/29vytDp6Hm — Carl Bildt (@carlbildt) December 5, 2025 Gerard Araud, former French ambassador to the US, also wrote on X that “the stunning section devoted to Europe reads like a far-right pamphlet. https://t.co/6Iig27QJZv — Gérard Araud (@GerardAraud) December 5, 2025 Mark Sedgwick, a professor of Arab and Islamic Studies at Aarhus University in Denmark, told US broadcaster NBC that the language of the Trump administration’s national security strategy also fits with the language used by supporters of the “great replacement” conspiracy theory. Advertisement That conspiracy theory was first introduced by French author Renaud Camus in his book Le Grand Remplacement in 2011, and claimed that “elites” in France were trying to replace the White European population by encouraging immigration from Muslim-majority countries. Elsewhere, the Trump administration document suggests that “Western Europe is no longer a top priority for the US,” according to Gregoire Roos, director of the Europe and Russia and Eurasia Programmes at Chatham House. “While they don’t agree on everything, countries such as Slovakia and Hungary share views [with the US] on EU bureaucracy, non-European migration as a threat to identity, and greater caution when it comes to siding with Ukraine in its war against Russia,” he added. Late on Thursday, through the NSS, the Trump administration called on Washington to take a role in “cultivating resistance” within Europe and encouraged “its political allies in Europe to promote this revival of spirit”. According to a December 5 report by The Associated Press news agency, Markus Frohnmaier, a member of Germany’s AfD, said Trump’s NSS is “a foreign policy reality check for Europe and particularly for Germany”. But Roberto Forin, acting director of the Geneva-based Mixed Migration Centre (MMC), told Al Jazeera that the Trump administration’s NSS doctrine is an “unapologetic defence of whiteness”, and called it a “suprematist’s discourse”. He said that while Washington remains an important security partner in Europe, the alliance is “focused on addressing security policy issues” and not topics such as the continent’s freedom of speech and expression. According to the Reuters news agency, Pentagon officials told diplomats in Washington this week that the US was not yet satisfied with Europe’s defence spending amid Russia’s ongoing war in Ukraine and said the US may stop participating in NATO by 2027 if European countries do not increase their investment. The NSS stated that Washington would prioritise “enabling Europe to stand on its own feet and operate as a group of aligned sovereign nations, including by taking primary responsibility for its own defence, without being dominated by any adversarial power”. But on December 3, a US official told Politico that US Deputy Secretary of State Christopher Landau told a NATO foreign ministers’ meeting in Brussels that the EU should focus on “turning its defence commitments into capabilities” and highlighted that “protectionist and exclusionary policies that bully American companies out of the market” should be avoided since it “undermines” NATO’s “collective defence”. Ian Lesser, a fellow and head of The German Marshall Fund of the US (GMF)’s Brussels office, said in a report that EU and NATO observers are likely to view the NSS as “confirmation of established concerns about the direction and style of American policy”.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sri-lankas-president-speaks-turmoil-recovery-and-diplomacy-11172487
Article: In a candid conversation with Newsweek in the stately bilateral meeting room at the President’s Secretariat in Colombo, President Anura Kumara Dissanayake laid out the realities his nation faces in the wake of a devastating cyclone that left death and destruction in an already fragile economy. He detailed how international partners, from regional neighbors to global powers, stepped in during the crisis, and why Colombo now sees an opening to reset ties with India, manage its complicated relationship with China and deepen engagement with the United States under President Donald Trump. President Anura Kumara Dissanayake: The protests of 2022 were born not only from power cuts and long queues for fuel and medicine, but also from a deeper frustration with corruption, unequal opportunity and decisions made without transparency or accountability. I see our mandate as a contract of trust—a covenant to stabilise the economy without abandoning the vulnerable, to reform institutions rather than capture them, and to prove that democracy in Sri Lanka can renew itself. Dissanayake: We are establishing transparent, rules-based evaluation with clear criteria: environmental and climate resilience standards, economic viability, technology transfer and local capacity building, labour and social protection, and alignment with national development goals. Rebuilding confidence in our people and inspiring and motivating them to take on the responsibility of building our nation as a resilient, peaceful, reconciled and prosperous nation for all is something that I am deeply committed to.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nfl/chiefs-hc-andy-reid-assigns-clear-blame-in-texans-loss-11173280
Article: The Kansas City Chiefs dug themselves a deeper hole in their quest to return to the NFL Playoffs, as they suffered a 20-10 loss to the Houston Texans on "Sunday Night Football." Patrick Mahomes had a terrible outing with 160 yards passing and no touchdowns on 14-of-33 completions. Sunday's loss to the Texans might be a tough pill to swallow for Reid, Mahomes, and the Chiefs, as it made it much more challenging for the team to qualify for the postseason.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/trump-peace-deal-falls-apart-11172520
Article: Both Thailand and Cambodia have said that the clashes, which officials said had killed at least one Thai soldier and four Cambodian civilians, have displaced tens of thousands of people. The fighting comes only six weeks after Trump, along with Malaysian leader Anwar Ibrahim, oversaw the signing of the ceasefire deal at a summit of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) in Kuala Lumpur, in which the U.S. Ott, professor of business at Nottingham Business School, in England, told Newsweek Monday that while such a ceasefire was important, "Trump has a very short-term approach and sees a deal as the goal." Aurélien Colson, academic co-director of the ESSEC Institute for Geopolitics & Business told Newsweek that Trump’s claims about resolving eight conflicts demonstrated “performative peacemaking” and that the resumed hostilities by the Thai /Cambodian border was “particularly revealing.” Newsweek has contacted the White House outside of normal office hours, and the foreign ministries of Cambodia and Thailand for comment. Why It Matters The conflict between Cambodia and Thailand was among the eight wars that Trump had boasted he had ended, and was used as leverage for his claim for the Nobel Peace Prize, that eventually was awarded Venezuelan opposition figure, María Corina Machado. But the unraveling of a peace deal so soon, after such warm words from both the Cambodian and Thai prime ministers, could deal a blow to Trump’s foreign policy successes, with escalating hostilities posing a broader regional threat. Thailand's military said on Monday it had launched airstrikes in response to a Cambodian attack on Sunday on Thai soldiers who had been working on an engineering project in the border Si Sa Ket Province. More than 50,000 people have left areas near the border for shelters, according to Thailand and Pheaktra said that tens of thousands of residents were displaced near the border, adding to concerns about an escalation. The ceasefire was strained last month after Thai troops were injured by land mines, prompting Bangkok to announce that it would indefinitely suspend implementation of the agreement that Trump brokered. Nottingham Business School's Ott told Newsweek that as with all border conflicts there was always one party wanting to lead, and it was clear that Thailand was more powerful than Cambodia. Colson said that the resumption of friction underscores that nothing was structurally resolved and that “a conflict that re-ignites so easily is the best proof that no real peace architecture was ever built.” Ott added that the kind of ceasefire that Trump helped facilitate was important but there were many more complex negotiation strategies needed. International SOS, a security service firm, told Newsweek Monday that the clashes had been ongoing since late Sunday and called for people to defer all travel within 30 miles of the countries’ border, especially where there were military assets. What People Are Saying Cambodian Defense Ministry spokesperson Maly Socheata: "Cambodia urges that Thailand immediately stop all hostile activities that threaten peace and stability in the region." Thailand's Prime Minister Anutin Charnvirakul said regarding the U.S. Trump has a very short-term approach and sees a deal as the goal." Aurélien Colson, academic co-director of the ESSEC Institute for Geopolitics & Business told Newsweek: “Trump conflates temporary restraint with conflict resolution, preventing war is not about momentary deterrence or symbolic mediation—it is about addressing root causes, guarantees, and enforcement.” What Happens Next As of Monday morning, the Trump administration had not commented but the suggestion by the Thai prime minister was that Bangkok would not be seeking third party diplomacy to solve the latest round of hostilities.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/wrestling/drew-mcintyre-names-one-wwe-feud-everyone-slept-on-11173234
Article: Amid his current high-profile rivalries with CM Punk and Cody Rhodes, "The Scottish Warrior" took time to reflect on his first reign as WWE Champion during the height of the COVID-19 pandemic. Speaking on the "Busted Open Radio" podcast, McIntyre highlighted his 2020 program with Randy Orton as a pivotal moment that cemented his status as a main event player, even if the lack of a live audience has caused it to fade from memory for some. During this period, he engaged in a months-long rivalry with Orton, which included a Hell in a Cell match where he briefly lost the title before regaining it weeks later. The big one that people probably won’t talk about in the future so much, as the pandemic just disappeared in everyone’s mind, which is hard for me since I had the title for over 300 days,” McIntyre said. More news: Nikki Bella Reunites With Ex-Boyfriend At WWE Raw Now that WWE has returned to touring with live crowds, McIntyre expressed a strong desire to run it back with Orton. As McIntyre attempted to exit, he was ambushed in his truck by Undisputed WWE Champion Cody Rhodes, who brutally attacked him through the passenger window before being pulled away by security. Later in the night, Rhodes marched to the ring and surprisingly demanded that Aldis reinstate McIntyre, stating he wanted to settle their score inside the ring rather than in the parking lot.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/new-yorker-captures-joe-jonas-struggling-parallel-park-claps-back-11172553
Article: A viral TikTok video has sparked a wave of jokes after a New York City resident captured the moment she watched singer Joe Jonas try to parallel-park for seven minutes. The clip, shared by TikTok user Neha Nas, who posts as @neha.nas, included on-screen text that said: "I love New York because I’ve been watching Joe Jonas parallel park for the last 7 minutes." It played into a familiar city scenario where a driver faces a tight curbside spot and an audience forms. In the comments, he shared a playful jab back at the TikTok poster and wrote: "And I saw you watch and not help once." Celebrity "caught in the wild" moments often gain fast attention online, especially when they revolve around everyday frustrations. I got my drivers license last week 😎 pic.twitter.com/Gamf4A8EGb — J O E J O N A S (@joejonas) October 9, 2021 Joe Jonas is not the first person to go viral for a stressful parking attempt; in 2021, a woman went viral after spending minutes battling with a parking space—and a member of the public even offered to stand in and help. "He’s a real one for not giving up, most of us would’ve just left," one commenter wrote, while another added, "the worst part of parallel parking is always the witnesses." "Ngl [I'm not going to lie] I would cry if someone filmed me struggling to parallel park," said a third TikTok user in the comments.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/beachgoers-texas-florida-issued-warnings-wave-help-11172469
Article: Forecasters at the National Weather Service (NWS) have issued alerts for locations in both Florida and Texas for Monday, with the agency warning of potentially dangerous swimming conditions at certain beaches in the two states. According to the NWS website, rip currents are “powerful, channeled currents of water flowing away from shore.” “They typically extend from the shoreline, through the surf zone, and past the line of breaking waves,” it says. Citing the United States Lifesaving Association, it said annual deaths at American beaches due to rip currents exceeds 100, with these currents accounting for more than 80 percent of rescues performed by surf beach lifeguards.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/mlb/phillies-79m-fan-favorite-predicted-to-jump-to-reds-in-free-agency-11173154
Article: Now that Schwarber is back on the open market, the Phillies know they'll have to pay significantly more, perhaps even double his last contract, to keep the three-time All-Star in town. Finances are an issue, as Cincinnati consistently ranks in the bottom half of Major League Baseball in payroll, but if there's any team motivated enough to pull off a Schwarber heist, it might be the Reds. "And what an upgrade -- Schwarber's swing is perfect for Great American Ballpark, which has featured more homers from visiting lefty hitters over the past five years than any other venue (including 96 more than Citizens Bank Park). Even at 32, give Schwarber five healthy seasons at that park and he'll reach 500 career bombs." Cincinnati's largest contract in franchise history was $251 million for Joey Votto, but notably, their biggest free-agent deals were just $64 million each for Nick Castellanos and Mike Moustakas. The Reds pulling off this move would immediately redefine their image as a small-market team, but because it would be such a seismic shift, it's hard to believe in the deal getting done until if and when it actually occurs.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/boy-6-tries-oysters-first-time-wasnt-expecting-what-happens-next-11173122
Article: An overlaid caption on the video reads: “Lucas trying oysters for the first time.” The lighthearted moment has struck a chord with viewers on TikTok, who flooded the comments with laughter and support. Though Lucas did not become an oyster fan after his first taste of the delicacy did not go to plan, it left behind something even better: a moment of joy for millions of viewers online—and a hilarious video his mom will never forget.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/new-law-thousands-seniors-homeowners-slash-property-tax-bill-11171823
Article: New legislation signed by New York Governor Kathy Hochul will allow seniors living in the state to receive up to 65 percent in property tax exemption, a measure that she said should "make New York affordable" for those struggling with higher bills. What To Know The new legislation signed by Governor Hochul over the weekend, S5175A/A3698A, allows local authorities in New York to provide a "real property tax exemption" of up to 65 percent of the assessed value of their properties to seniors who meet the income eligibility limits, among other criteria. Before the introduction of this new legislation, the maximum percentage of exemption local governments have been able to offer senior citizens was set at 50 percent—a cap that had not been raised in decades. By signing this legislation, we are working to make New York more affordable for our seniors on fixed incomes and empowering them to age in place, at home, in the communities they know and love." State Senator Leroy Comrie said in a statement shared by the governor’s office: "Seniors have faced rising housing costs and inflation—oftentimes living on fixed income. Signing S5175A into law is an important step toward restoring real affordability for older adults across New York." New York State Office for the Aging (NYSOFA) Acting Director Greg Olsen said in a statement shared by the governor’s office: "Gov. Hochul is coming through yet again on making New York more affordable for individuals and their families." He added: "Property taxes, especially for those on fixed incomes, can often be difficult to afford. With more than 1.8 million older adults who own their own homes, this important law will continue to help older adults remain in the homes and communities of their choice and keep their vast contributions within New York State." What Happens Next Property taxes in New York are considerably higher than at the national level, according to SmartAsset data, with the state’s effective tax rate—1.64 percent—being nearly double the national average of 0.90 percent.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nfl/patrick-mahomes-sends-strong-message-on-travis-kelces-nfl-future-11173115
Article: The Kansas City Chiefs entered Sunday’s game against the Houston Texans with their backs against the wall in the AFC playoff race—and proceeded to deliver one of their worst offensive performances of the season. Kansas City trailed 10–0 at halftime at Arrowhead Stadium, and although they battled back to tie the game in the second half, multiple interceptions and failed fourth-down attempts proved costly. Patrick Mahomes’ final interception—his third of the night—came on a pass intended for veteran tight end Travis Kelce, who couldn’t secure the catch and bobbled it into the hands of a Texans defender while taking a hard hit. But I know one thing—he’s going to give everything he has for the rest of this season to try to give us a chance to make a playoff run.” More news: NFL Reacts to Postgame Handshake Between Josh Allen, Joe Burrow More news: Aaron Rodgers Sends Bold Message Amid Mike Tomlin Steelers Drama Kelce was drafted by the Chiefs in 2013 and has spent the last 13 seasons with the organization, steadily developing into one of the best tight ends of all time. Kansas City still has a slim chance to make the playoffs if it can win out and finish 10-7, but its run of consecutive AFC West division titles — which had stood since the 2015 season — officially came to an end after Sunday night’s loss. The Chiefs have reached the AFC Championship Game or better every year Patrick Mahomes has been the starter, but right now, it looks like we may be heading toward a postseason that doesn’t feature him or Travis Kelce at all.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/colin-allred-texas-senate-primary-election-democratic-party-11173267
Article: "In the past few days, I’ve come to believe that a bruising Senate Democratic primary and runoff would prevent the Democratic Party from going into this critical election unified against the danger posed to our communities and our Constitution by Donald Trump and one of his Republican bootlickers Paxton, Cornyn, or Hunt," Allred said in a statement on Monday. Today, I’m announcing my campaign for Congress to represent the newly drawn Congressional District 33." Newsweek reached out to Allred's team for comment by email outside of regular working hours. A July survey of 566 likely Democratic voters, conducted by the National Republican Senatorial Committee, revealed the Crockett was in the lead with 35 percent of the vote, followed by Allred on 20 percent, and O'Rourke and Castro both on 13 percent. According to the betting platform Polymarket, Talarico would win 45 percent of the vote in a hypothetical Democratic primary, followed by Crockett on 42 percent, and Allred on 17 percent. Crockett told SiriusXM’s The Lurie Daniel Favors Show in October: "Every other day there's a poll that comes out that makes it clear that I can win the primary for the U.S.

Link: https://abc7.com/post/miami-heat-guard-terry-rozier-arraigned-new-york-court-sports-betting-scheme/18263714/
Article: Miami Heat guard Terry Rozier to be arraigned in New York court over sports betting scheme Miami Heat player Terry Rozier is set to appear in a New York court on charges he helped gamblers placing bets on his performance in NBA games. One of his lawyers, Jim Trusty, denied the charges, saying the Ohio native was "not a gambler" and "looks forward to winning this fight." Prosecutors say Rozier conspired with friends to help them win bets on his performance in a March 2023 game when he played for the Charlotte Hornets. They say he informed the bettors that he intended to leave the game against the New Orleans Pelicans early with a supposed injury, allowing gamblers to place wagers earning them tens of thousands of dollars. Former NBA player and assistant coach Damon Jones has also been charged in that poker scheme, as well as the separate scheme to help gamblers win bets on NBA games that also implicated Rozier.

Link: https://abc13.com/post/18-wheeler-train-crash-highway-290-eastbound-feeder-telge-road-causing-heavy-backups/18263656/
Article: 18-wheeler and train crash on Highway 290 EB feeder at Telge causing heavy backups Watch Eyewitness News and ABC13 originals around the clock Watch Eyewitness News and ABC13 originals around the clock Watch Eyewitness News and ABC13 originals around the clock Watch Eyewitness News and ABC13 originals around the clock HOUSTON, Texas (KTRK) -- Commuters along Highway 290 eastbound should expect major backups due to an 18-wheeler and train crash on Monday morning. SEE ALSO: Highway 290 WB at 34th Street reopened after being shut down due to deadly motorcycle crash: HFD ABC13 has real-time traffic data to help you navigate Houston's roads and avoid traffic delays.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cj69xzpzrdyo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Paramount launches rival bid for Warner Brothers Discovery Warner Brothers Discovery is owner of HBO, known for shows like Sex and the City Paramount Skydance has made another offer to buy Warner Brothers Discovery as it seeks to trump a rival offer from Netflix to buy the company's studio and streaming networks. Paramount, which is backed by the billionaire Ellison family, said it was making a direct offer to shareholders of $30 per share to scoop up the entire company, including its traditional television networks.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/formula1/articles/c0jeqpd3jq7o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Only 35 drivers in the 75-year history of the sport have won the F1 title, and 11 of them - by far the largest amount from a single country - are, like Norris, from the UK. From Lewis Hamilton, the most successful driver of all time, with seven titles and 105 wins, to the one-time winners such as Mike Hawthorn, John Surtees, James Hunt and Damon Hill - who, like Jenson Button, was in Abu Dhabi to watch Norris secure his crown. From there, in F1, as in all elite sport, it's about fine margins, not just how fast a driver is, but how consistently they can achieve their best level, how few mistakes they make on the way. This year, Norris has gone toe to toe with Red Bull's Max Verstappen, acknowledged widely as the finest driver of his generation, the one who most consistently takes his equipment to the very edge of the possible. Norris has won that battle, by two points over the Dutchman, and 13 over his McLaren team-mate Oscar Piastri, after a season that has ebbed and flowed between the three of them.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/rugby-union/articles/ckgmyv4z1xmo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Prop Will Stuart is a serious doubt for the start of England's Six Nations campaign after sustaining a suspected Achilles tendon injury in Bath's 40-14 victory over Munster in the Champions Cup on Saturday. "I'll receive an update later, but it looks very serious." Stuart came off the bench against Australia, New Zealand and Argentina as head coach Steve Borthwick's strong set of replacements steered England to victory.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/GMA/Travel/video/holiday-magic-display-altadena-128205131
Article: Holiday magic on display in Altadena The Southern California community ravaged by fires displayed some holiday cheer over the weekend as the community got together to celebrate a century-old tradition.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/washingtons-mayor-bowser-citys-police-chief-pamela-smith-128204588
Article: (AP Photo/Alex Brandon) WASHINGTON -- Pamela Smith, who was catapulted into national attention after President Donald Trump moved to federalize Washington’s police force and who worked to confront rising violence in the nation’s capital, is stepping down as the city’s police chief, Mayor Muriel Bowser said Monday. But her tenure unfolded amid a fierce battle over authority, as Trump asserted federal control over the Metropolitan Police Department and deployed National Guard troops and federal agents alongside the city’s officers. In announcing her resignation, Bowser praised Smith for “stepping up” at a moment of “significant urgency,” crediting her with helping drive down violent crime, cutting homicides to an eight-year low and launching major policing initiatives, including a Real-Time Crime Center and new technology upgrades. She also did not announce who would take over the department or whether the change in leadership might affect the city’s broader public-safety strategy at a moment when Washington continues to recover from historic levels of violence. In a statement, Smith said she was confident the police force “is in a strong position and that the great work will continue” and that the role has been both a challenge and a reward. Overall crime fell by about 17% in the first ten weeks of 2024, a drop Smith attributed to the new law and to targeted deployments in neighborhoods experiencing repeated trouble.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/louvre-workers-announce-strike-work-conditions-security-after-128207581
Article: Workers at the Louvre Museum have voted to strike over poor working conditions, a ticket-price hike for non-European visitors, and security weaknesses FILE- People walk by an entrance of the Louvre museum, Thursday, Oct. (AP Photo/Emma Da Silva, file) PARIS -- Workers at the Louvre Museum voted Monday for strikes to protest their work conditions, a ticket-price hike for non-European visitors and security weaknesses that a brazen daylight theft of France’s Crown Jewels highlighted in October. In a letter announcing the strike action starting next Monday, which was addressed to France's culture minister and seen by The Associated Press, the CGT, CFDT and Sud unions asserted that “visiting the Louvre has become a real obstacle course” for the millions of people who come to admire its huge collections of art and artifacts.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/nigeria-secures-release-100-schoolchildren-abducted-month-church-128205231
Article: Nigeria secures release of 100 schoolchildren abducted last month, church group says; over 100 still held Nigeria secures release of 100 schoolchildren abducted last month, church group says; over 100 still held

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/2-survivors-found-bodies-migrant-boat-south-crete-128202267
Article: Greek authorities say two men who were found alive among 17 dead bodies on a partially sunken migrant boat near Crete have revealed that the vessel had been carrying 34 people 2 survivors found among bodies on a migrant boat south of Crete say 15 others are missing FILE - Migrants rescued south of Crete wait to be registered on their arrival at the the port of Lavrio, Greece, on Thursday, July 10, 2025. (AP Photo/Petros Giannakouris, file) FILE - Migrants rescued south of Crete wait to be registered on their arrival at the the port of Lavrio, Greece, on Thursday, July 10, 2025. (AP Photo/Petros Giannakouris, file) ATHENS, Greece -- Two men found alive among 17 dead bodies in a partially sunken migrant boat south of the island of Crete over the weekend told Greek authorities the vessel had been carrying a total of 34 people, and that 15 had fallen overboard and were missing, Greece’s coast guard said Monday. On Saturday, the coast guard said a passing Turkish merchant vessel had come across the half-sunken migrant boat 36 nautical miles (41 miles, 66 kilometers) southwest of the town of Ierapetra in southern Crete. The survivors later told authorities there had been a total of 34 people from Egypt, South Sudan and Sudan on board the vessel, which had set sail from Tobruk in Libya on the night of Dec. Separately, the coast guard said the body of a boy was found along with 37 survivors from Syria and Afghanistan who had been transported to the eastern Aegean island of Samos on board a migrant smuggling speedboat Monday. Instead, many migrants are undertaking the much longer sea crossing across the Mediterranean from North Africa, particularly from Libya, using roughly made wooden boats, large inflatable dinghies or old dilapidated fishing vessels.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/european-union-moves-ahead-toughening-migration-system-128206294
Article: “We will be able to reject people that have no reason for asylum in Europe, and then it will be possible for us to make mechanisms and procedures that enable us to return them faster,” Stoklund said. “It should not be human smugglers that control the access to Europe, but it should be the European governments elected by the European people." Ministers also agreed to the formation of a “solidarity pool” to share costs of hosting refugees between member nations. “Instead of investing in safety, protection and inclusion, the EU is choosing policies that will push more people into danger and legal limbo," Silvia Carta, advocacy officer at the Brussels-based Platform for International Cooperation on Undocumented Migrants. Mainstream political parties hope the pact resolves the issues that have divided EU nations since well over 1 million migrants swept into Europe in 2015, most of them fleeing war in Syria and Iraq. The EU wouldn’t set up or manage such “return hubs,” which could be in Europe or elsewhere, but would create the legal framework to allow states to negotiate with non-EU countries willing to take rejected asylum-seekers. At the time, the contentious plan was applauded by European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen as an “out-of-the-box” solution to manage irregular migration, but courts in Italy have repeatedly blocked it.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/greenland-hosts-annual-talks-us-end-year-trump-128202399
Article: officials to discuss bilateral ties Greenland hosts annual talks with US at end of a year when Trump revived talk of takeover NUUK, Greenland -- Greenland is hosting annual meetings with U.S. “Through these successful meetings, we ensure that the interests of the Greenlanders and the Americans are respected for the benefit of all parties,” she said, adding the aim was to “develop cooperation in areas of common interest.” Trump stirred concerns earlier this year in Greenland, Denmark and the European Union, which counts Denmark among its 27 member countries, by reviving talk of a U.S.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/pakistans-top-general-calls-afghanistan-pick-ties-islamabad-128205653
Article: Pakistan’s newly appointed chief of defense forces has warned Afghanistan’s Taliban government to choose between maintaining ties with Islamabad or supporting the Pakistani Taliban, the militant group blamed for a surge in deadly attacks in recent years Pakistan's top general calls on Afghanistan to pick between ties with Islamabad or Pakistani Taliban In this photo released by the Inter Services Public Relations, Pakistan's Chief of Defense Forces and Army Chief Gen. Asim Munir, center, Pakistan Naval Chief Admiral Naveed Ashraf, left, and Pakistan Air Force Chief Air Chief Marshal Zaheer Ahmed Babar attend a guard of honor ceremony at the joint military command headquarters in Rawalpindi, Pakistan, Monday, Dec. (Inter Services Public Relations via AP) ISLAMABAD -- Pakistan’s newly appointed armed forces chief called on Afghanistan’s Taliban government on Monday to choose between maintaining ties with Islamabad or supporting the Pakistani Taliban, the militant group blamed for a surge in deadly attacks in recent years. Asim Munir made his remarks at his headquarters in the garrison city of Rawalpindi, where he received a guard of honor from all three branches of the military, marking the launch of Pakistan’s new joint military command. Munir said that the new Defence Forces Headquarters marks a historic step, creating a unified tri-services command to boost coordination across land, air, sea, cybersecurity and information domains amid rising security threats, according to a military statement. Munir told officers that a “clear message” had been delivered to the Taliban government in Kabul: it must decide between Pakistan and “Fitna al-Khawarij,” a term authorities use for the outlawed Pakistani Taliban, known a s Tehrik-e-Taliban Pakistan, or TTP. President Donald Trump announced that India and Pakistan had agreed to a “full and immediate ceasefire.” Munir said the operations during the conflict have become a “textbook example” of future warfare. Munir said that “India must remain under no illusion that Pakistan’s next response will be even swifter and more severe.” He said that Pakistan is a peace-loving country, “but no one will be allowed to test its resolve regarding sovereignty, territorial integrity, peace or stability.” Pakistan and India have a long history of bitter relations and have fought three of their wars over the disputed Himalayan region of Kashmir since gaining independence from British rule in 1947.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/new-fighting-thai-cambodian-border-rooted-longstanding-territorial-128202975
Article: Thailand and Cambodia have resumed fighting over disputed territory, just months after agreeing to a ceasefire New fighting along the Thai-Cambodian border is rooted in a longstanding territorial dispute Thai residents who fled homes as Thailand and Cambodia clash over border, rest at an evacuation center in Buriram province, Thailand, Monday, Dec. (AP Photo/Sopa Saelee) BANGKOK -- A history of enmity between Thailand and Cambodia over competing territorial claims has broken into open combat again, just a few months after the two sides agreed to a ceasefire promoted by U.S. The two Southeast Asian nations fought in July for five days in and around disputed frontier territory, causing dozens of civilian and military deaths and the evacuation to safety of tens of thousands of villagers on both sides. An uneasy peace was reached in late July, when Malaysia pushed for peace talks and President Trump brought the contending sides to the negotiating table by leveraging the importance of the U.S. The failure to implement the ceasefire terms was used by the Thai side as an excuse not to promptly release the Cambodian prisoners, even though the October agreement urged it to do so “as a demonstration of Thailand’s desire to promote mutual confidence and trust." Thailand is one of Washington’s closest and most longstanding allies. Washington for its part appears to be trying to actively build better relations with Cambodia to woo it away from its close relationship with China, but that in turn has bred resentment in Thailand. In more modern times, bad feelings have lingered, as Cambodia’s development, hindered by French colonialism and, in the 1970s, the brutal rule of the communist Khmer Rouge, has fallen well behind Thailand.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/wireStory/allred-switches-texas-senate-race-house-comeback-bid-128207577
Article: Allred said in a statement Monday that he will run instead in a newly-drawn district in the Dallas-Fort Worth area, which he previously represented in Congress before he won the Democrats' Senate nomination in 2024 and lost the general election to Sen. An internal party battle, Allred said, “would prevent the Democratic Party from going into this critical election unified against the danger posed to our communities and our Constitution by Donald Trump and one of his Republican bootlickers.” Allred's new district is part of the new congressional map that Texas' GOP-run Legislature approved earlier this year as part of President Donald Trump's push to redraw House boundaries to Republicans' advantage. A former professional football player and civil rights attorney, Allred was among Democrats star recruits for the 2018 midterms, when the party gained a net of 40 House seats, including multiple suburban and exurban districts in Texas, to win a House majority that redefined Trump's first presidency.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Business/wireStory/turkeys-pegasus-airlines-acquires-biggest-czech-airline-smartwings-128201477
Article: Pegasus Airlines has signed an agreement to acquire the biggest Czech airline, Smartwings, along with its owner, Czech Airlines By The Associated Press FILE - A passenger plane of the 'Pegasus' airline lands at the 'Stuttgart Airport' in Stuttgart, Germany, Wednesday, May 3, 2023. (Bernd Weissbrod/dpa via AP, File) PRAGUE -- Turkey’s Pegasus Airlines said on Monday it has signed an agreement to acquire the biggest Czech airline, Smartwings, along with its owner, Czech Airlines, from Prague City Air. Pegasus said the deal, which is worth 154 million euros (almost $180 million) was a “step forward in our continued global growth journey.” The process of transferring the ownership of Czech Airlines should be completed in 12 months, Smartwings spokeswoman Vladimíra Dufková said.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Business/wireStory/protesting-greek-farmers-swarm-apron-area-international-airport-128206829
Article: Enraged farmers protesting delays in the payment of subsidies have swarmed onto the apron of the international airport on the southern Greek island of Crete Farmers gather next to an overturned police vehicle during clashes with officers blocking their march to Chania's airport on Crete, Greece, Monday, Dec. (AP Photo/Giannis Angelakis) ATHENS, Greece -- Enraged farmers protesting delays in the payment of subsidies swarmed onto the apron area of the international airport on the southern Greek island of Crete on Monday, managing to evade riot police who used tear gas and stun grenades to keep them back. Images from local media showed dozens of farmers standing on the apron at the Nikos Kazantzakis international airport in Heraklion, the main town in Crete, forcing the airport to suspend all flights. The clashes in Crete are the latest escalation in farmer protests over delays in the payment of European Union-backed agricultural subsidies in the wake of a scandal which revealed fraudulent subsidy claims. Police have been enforcing traffic diversions in several parts of northern and central Greece to skirt the blockades, while farmer roadblocks at the country’s northern borders with Bulgaria, Turkey and North Macedonia have already hampered truck traffic, causing long backup lines of freight vehicles.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Business/wireStory/swing-district-republicans-brace-political-fallout-health-care-128202701
Article: House Republicans in key battleground districts are working to contain the political fallout expected when thousands of their constituents face higher bills for health insurance coverage obtained through the Affordable Care Act Lynn Weidner, a home care worker who worries that the cost of her health insurance plan in the Affordable Care Act marketplace will rise, poses in front of her home, Thursday, Dec. (AP Photo/Marc Levy) Lynn Weidner, a home care worker who worries that the cost of her health insurance plan in the Affordable Care Act marketplace will rise, poses in front of her home, Thursday, Dec. House districts are working to contain the political fallout that may come when thousands of their constituents face higher bills for health insurance coverage obtained through the Affordable Care Act. But the push is a long shot due to entrenched GOP opposition to the health overhaul known as “Obamacare.” “I think that we need to deal with the reality of where we are now and even if you have a broken system, that doesn’t mean that you shouldn’t provide or offer relief to individuals who are dealing with those high costs right now,” Mackenzie said in an interview with The Associated Press. Mike Johnson, R-La., encouraging the temporary extension of the tax credits, saying letting them “lapse without a clear path forward would risk real harm to those we represent.” Johnson hasn't committed to a short-term extension vote before Jan. Jeff Van Drew, R-N.J., also has a bill to temporarily extend the credit, and said letting the subsidy lapse will make it harder for Republicans to retain the majority next year. Richard Hudson of North Carolina, chair of the House Republicans’ campaign arm, said the tax credits won’t be “decisive” in next year's election when other things are likely to be on voters’ minds. The expiration of the tax credits means enrollees will see annual premiums more than double — from an average of $888 in 2025 to $1,904 in 2026, according to health care research nonprofit KFF. The size of the increases varies by state, age and income and will be more extreme in Mackenzie’s district, according to state data, which puts the average premium increase at 178%. Another Democrat, Carol Obando-Derstine, called the impending expiration a “crisis of (Mackenzie's) own making.” Mackenzie says he’s made it clear repeatedly that he supports an extension, but that “I am not the speaker, I don’t set the calendar or the agenda. One of those 20,000 people in Mackenzie's district is Patrick Visconti, who switched to a low-premium, high-deductible plan because he couldn't afford to keep his plan with a premium that is more than doubling from under $200 to over $500 a month.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Business/wireStory/united-arab-emirates-backed-separatists-tighten-grip-southern-128204126
Article: An official says the airspace over Yemen was briefly closed as tensions rose in the south of the country ADEN, Yemen -- The airspace of war-torn Yemen was briefly closed Monday, an official said, as tensions escalated in the country’s south after a separatist group, backed by the United Arab Emirates, took over an oil-rich region in a rift that could fracture the anti-Houthi alliance. A Yemeni government official said that the Saudi-led coalition didn’t issue required permissions for flights to or from Yemen, briefly halting flights to and from the southern city of Aden — the seat of the internationally recognized government. The official described the move as a “Saudi message” to the separatist Southern Transitional Council’s latest clashes across southern Yemen, including its seizure of much of the sprawling oil-rich province of Hadhramaut, which borders Saudi Arabia. The move was later reversed, allowing flight operations in Aden airport, where hundreds of passengers were stranded for hours, said the official, who spoke on condition of anonymity because he wasn't authorized to brief the media. “It’s the summit day, the day of great triumph … when we liberated all regions of the south,” said Mohamed al-Zaher, a Yemeni resident while flying the flag of South Yemen, which was known as the People’s Democratic Republic of Yemen. They vowed to stay in the streets until the declaration of the south's independence, and on Monday, a group of demonstrators were seen setting up a protest camp in the district of Khor Maksar. It said that Hadhramaut Valley has turned into a “platform for smuggling operations” for the Houthis and “hotbeds” for al-Qaida and IS militants, and that its operations there came after “the exhaustion of all options proposed in recent years to restore stability.” The chairman of the ruling Presidential Council, Rashad al-Alimi, meanwhile, on Sunday called for the Emirati-backed forces to withdraw from areas they recently seized in Hadhramaut and Mahra. “We categorically reject any unilateral measures that would undermine the legal status of the state, harm the public interest, or create a parallel reality,” he said in a statement following his meeting with diplomats from the United States, United Kingdom and France, in Saudi Arabia's capital, Riyadh. The STC’s latest escalation was a “major shift,” which will have regional repercussions, with the UAE appearing to be “the main winner,” through expanding its influence in Yemen, said Ahmed Nagi, a senior Yemen analyst at the International Crisis Group, a Brussels-based think tank. “The key question now is how Saudi Arabia will respond, given the direct implications for its national security.” The UAE’s support for the secessionists has threatened the Saudi-led coalition fighting against the Houthis for more than a decade.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Business/wireStory/trump-netflix-deal-buy-warner-bros-problem-size-128200469
Article: If approved by regulators, the merger would put two of the world’s biggest streaming services under the same ownership and join Warner’s television and motion picture division, including DC Studios, with Netflix’s vast library and its production arm. "I have a lot of respect for him but it’s a lot of market share, so we’ll have to see what happens.” Asked if Netflix should be allowed to buy the Hollywood giant behind “Harry Potter” and HBO Max, the president said, “Well that's the question.” “They have a very big market share and when they have Warner Bros., you know, that share goes up a lot so, I don’t know,” he said. But they have a very big market share” Sarandos made no guarantees at their meeting about the merger if it is approved, Trump said, adding that the CEO is a “great person” who has “done one of the greatest jobs in the history of movies and other things.” He repeated that a merger would create a “big market share” for the company.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Technology/wireStory/ibm-buys-data-streaming-platform-confluent-11-billion-128207498
Article: IBM has announced it's acquiring data streaming platform Confluent in an $11 billion deal FILE - The logo for IBM appears above a trading post on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, March 18, 2019. The two companies said they signed a “definitive agreement” for IBM to acquire all of Confluent Inc.'s issued and outstanding common stock for $31 per share in cash, which represents an enterprise value of $11 billion. Confluent, based in Mountain View, Calif., is an open source data streaming platform that “connects, processes and governs" data and events in real time, the companies said in a joint statement. The deal means IBM's client companies can deploy artificial intelligence services better and faster “by providing trusted communication and data flow between environments, applications and APIs,” IBM CEO Arvind Krishna said in the statement.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/08/paramount-skydance-hostile-bid-wbd-netflix.html
Article: The offer is backstopped with equity financing from the Ellison family and the private-equity firm RedBird Capital as well as $54 billion in debt commitments from Bank of America, Citi and Apollo Global Management. Paramount executives also plan to argue their deal will have a much shorter regulatory approval process given the company's smaller size and friendly relationship with the Trump administration, according to people familiar with the matter.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/08/united-airlines-mileage-plus-frequent-flyer-changes.html
Article: In this article UAL Follow your favorite stocks CREATE FREE ACCOUNT A traveler speaks to an agent at the United Airlines desk at O'Hare International Airport in Chicago, Illinois, on November 25, 2025, ahead of the upcoming Thanksgiving holiday. Kamil Krzaczynski | Afp | Getty Images United Airlines is joining Delta Air Lines in holding steady its requirements to earn elite frequent flyer status next year after it raised the bar in 2025.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/08/long-time-mag-7-bull-now-says-investors-should-underweight-the-group.html
Article: The "Magnificent Seven" — Microsoft , Apple , Amazon , Nvidia , Tesla , Meta Platforms and Alphabet — has led the stock market to unthinkable heights the past few years. "I think they are somewhat overvalued, especially now that we're seeing that competition is coming in … It's turning into a Game of Thrones." "At the beginning of Game of Thrones, these things go up and down," he added. The Invesco S & P 500 Equal Weight ETF (RSP) — which treats each stock equally, so that the smallest company has the same impact as the largest — is up just 9.6% year to date, signaling that the market cap-weighted version of the S & P 500 has been mostly driven by gains in a handful of stocks — mainly the Mag-7. Mag-7 forward price-to-earnings ratios: Tesla : 212.4 Nvidia : 25.6 Apple : 33.2 Amazon : 29.3 Alphabet : 28.8 Microsoft : 27.9 Meta : 22.9 Going forward, Yardeni recommends investors buy financial, industrial and health care stocks. "If the Magnificent Seven are going to continue to succeed, then they're going to have to find sales among the S & P 493 … in order to be used for increasing productivity," he said.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/08/the-clubs-top-10-things-to-watch-in-the-stock-market-monday.html
Article: Sign up for my Top 10 Morning Thoughts on the Market email newsletter for free (See here for a full list of the stocks at Jim Cramer's Charitable Trust.) As a subscriber to the CNBC Investing Club with Jim Cramer, you will receive a trade alert before Jim makes a trade.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/08/how-recent-grads-are-dealing-with-the-shrinking-pool-of-entry-level-jobs.html
Article: As is the case for many young Americans, Ashley Terrell says her parents always had the expectation that she'd go to college and land a job in her chosen profession. "It is something I have to motivate myself every day to kind of wake up and do." Terrell graduated from the University of Hawaii at Manoa in 2024 with a bachelor's degree in business administration and hoped to work for a startup doing content strategy or marketing. Despite months of networking and filling out job applications throughout her senior year, the only offer Terrell received was promoting power tool products at a local Home Depot for $25 an hour. It's no secret the job market is tough right now: Hiring has been down for the better part of the year, people are clinging to their jobs, and there are signs that layoffs are ticking up. As for the youngest workers, over 2 million people earned their bachelor's degrees in the spring of 2025; just 30% of those graduates reported finding a full-time job in their field, according to a June and July survey from Cengage Group, an education tech company. Gen Z is now figuring out how to compete in an increasingly tight job market and deciding whether a college degree is still the key to landing a stable job. Why the job market is especially tough for recent grads Some 76% of employers reported hiring the same number or fewer entry-level employees in 2025 than in 2024, according to the Cengage report. Nich Tremper senior economist at Gusto The slowdown is largely a result of businesses that over-hired in the post-pandemic economy in 2021 and 2022 and offered high salaries to compete for talent, says Nich Tremper, a senior economist for payroll and HR service provider Gusto. Meanwhile, layoffs are at their highest level since the pandemic, with 1.1 million announced job cuts between January and October 2025, according to data from outplacement firm Challenger, Gray & Christmas. Without those new jobs available, it's hard for an entry-level employee to get their foot in the door and start their career." The unemployment rate for recent college grads has been climbing since 2022, reaching 9.7% as of September 2025, the same as for 20- to 24-year-olds with only a high school diploma, according to Federal Reserve data. "A frozen labor market, especially for people in their 20s, means that that's just not happening for them." Ashley Terrell (center) graduated with a degree in business administration in 2024. The technology isn't necessarily replacing human workers en masse, he says, but it's allowing businesses to hire more slowly as they evaluate the best place to add new employees: "They're able to use AI to fill the gaps as they're thinking about their overall hiring strategy and what that looks like going forward." Some young job seekers, including Terrell, say they feel AI looms large in their challenges to finding a job. "I have noticed in the last couple months, especially since this summer, that there have been fewer job postings that I am qualified for just because I feel like AI is taking away some of those jobs," Terrell says. While job searching after graduation, Henderson recalls his father telling him that there will always be work in the electrical field and that he could "always fall back on the trades" if the white-collar job market wasn't steady. Courtesy of Chris Henderson "I actually do find it really satisfying and fulfilling as an electrician, because [there's] nothing better than working with your hands and completing a job that you did on your own" Electrician jobs are expected to be among the 20 top-growing jobs in the next decade, according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics, as well as more job openings for construction workers, nurse practitioners and registered nurses, software developers and home health care aides.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/08/how-to-teach-your-children-money-skills-saving-budgeting-investing.html
Article: What you'll get: 85-plus minutes of instructional video content, broken into digestible lessons A workbook with additional exercises and examples Instant access to watch and read at your own pace This course can help you: Learn psychological techniques to help your children build better financial habits and develop healthy relationships with money Discover practical exercises you can implement at home to lay a strong foundation for financial literacy Build long-term savings and prepare your child for major financial milestones like buying their first car, paying for college and beyond Meet the experts: Jonathan Sanchez is a personal finance author and co-founder of Parent Portfolio, a financial coaching business that aims to help families escape from debt and build generational wealth. He and his wife offer money tips, live workshops and share their personal stories through their blog and YouTube channel to inspire parents to create financial freedom for the next generation. Klontz is a member of the CNBC Digital Financial Advisor Council, and was also featured as an expert in Smarter by CNBC Make It's "Master Your Money: Practical Strategies to Grow Your Wealth" course. Sign up today for How To Raise Financially Smart Kids and use the coupon code EARLYBIRD for an introductory discount of 30% off the regular course price of $127 (plus tax).

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/08/trump-netflix-wbd-paramount.html
Article: "And when they have Warner Brothers, you know, that share goes up a lot," Trump told reporters on the red carpet before an event at the Kennedy Center in Washington, D.C.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/8/rsf-claims-seizure-of-key-heglig-oil-field-in-sudan?traffic_source=rss
Article: The takeover comes as the RSF, embroiled in a two-and-a-half-year conflict with the SAF, pushes to expand eastwards and southwards from the western Darfur region, over which it took full control last month. He said that he had helped “prepare a special, qualified and trained force … to secure the Heglig field and protect oil installations from any acts of sabotage or threats that may affect their safety”.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/business/media/paramount-hostile-bid-warner-bros-discovery-rcna247993
Article: The offer sets up what could be a public and contentious battle for Warner Bros., a process that had already included appeals to President Donald Trump, who said he intends to play a role in any merger. Asked about the president on CNBC, Ellison said that he's "incredibly grateful for the relations that I have with the president." Ellison added that he believes Trump "believes in competition." In a social media post published just minutes after Paramount announced its hostile bid, Trump blasted the company over Sunday's installment of "60 Minutes," which featured an interview with Rep. "My real problem with the show, however, wasn’t the low IQ traitor, it was that the new ownership of 60 Minutes, Paramount, would allow a show like this to air," Trump wrote. Since they bought it, 60 Minutes has actually gotten WORSE!" Trump was referring to the $16 million Paramount paid to settle a lawsuit from Trump over an interview with former Vice President Kamala Harris that aired in the lead-up to the 2024 election.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/scientists-warn-schools-boost-flu-cases-winter-11171976
Article: "Air quality has a big impact on the transmission of respiratory viruses, not only the flu," Lukas Fenner, a scientist at the University of Bern, Switzerland, and one of the authors of the study, told Newsweek. For all these respiratory illnesses—flu, RSV and COVID—higher risk groups like infants and older adults can become very sick and require hospitalization so better understanding of virus transmission could improve methods of protecting those more vulnerable to these viruses. What To Know The study, published in the journal Nature Communications on November 25 by scientists at the University of Bern, Switzerland, was conducted over six weeks reviewing 67 students aged 14-15 in a Swiss secondary school. They also noted that they thought "prolonged exposure in shared, poorly ventilated spaces, which potentially includes several infectious sources, drives respiratory virus transmission more than close contact." Fenner said that "opening windows regularly during breaks will help, but the trade-off with energy saving in cold winters needs to be taken into account." In the longer term, he said "investments in ventilation and cleaning systems for buildings, as well as investments in innovative designs for building engineering and building air flow systems need to be considered." "Shared classroom air is a major driver of influenza transmission," Aubree Gordon, a professor and director of the Michigan Center for Infectious Disease Threats and Pandemic Preparedness at the University of Michigan, who was not part of the study, told Newsweek. She added that this means "improving ventilation needs to be a priority." This could be opening windows for even a few minutes at a time, she said, and agreed that upgrading heating ventilation and air conditioning (HVAC) systems could be an "important longer-term solution." "Improving indoor air quality is one of the most effective and practical steps we can take to protect children from respiratory viruses," she added. "The benefits extend beyond infection control: better-ventilated classrooms support improved learning, better concentration, and healthier school environments overall." What People Are Saying Lukas Fenner, a scientist at the University of Bern, Switzerland, and one of the authors of the study, told Newsweek: "Crowded closed spaces substantially contribute to transmission of flu and other respiratory viral diseases in winter. In a broader sense, our findings also contribute to pandemic preparedness, including aspects such as air ventilation, air quality, exposure time in enclosed spaces, and contact tracing in closed indoor spaces." Aubree Gordon, a professor and director of the Michigan Center for Infectious Disease Threats and Pandemic Preparedness at the University of Michigan, told Newsweek: "Children play a key role in influenza transmission because they spend long stretches together in shared indoor spaces and tend to have lower immunity compared to adults, but that doesn’t mean they are the only drivers every winter. The study highlights that it’s the environment, especially poorly ventilated rooms, that really accelerates transmission." Professor Seema Lakdawala, co-director of the Emory Center for Transmission of Airborne Pathogens, told Newsweek: "Multiple interventions will help reduce transmission in classrooms—increasing air circulation and dilution of expelled plumes from opening windows, ceiling fans, air purifiers, or other cross-ventilation strategies are all ways to achieve this as well as changes to HVAC. Stopping flu transmission needs a multilayer approach." She added: "The seasonal vaccine acts like our armor and prevents us from getting badly beaten up but not from getting infected, masking acts like a shield, and increased ventilation acts like a sword. Finally, having and using over-the-counter rapid diagnostic tests can quickly help people make informed decisions about their own risk and actions to protect their neighbors." Dr Donald Milton, a professor of environmental health at the University of Maryland, told Newsweek: "Ventilation and filtration are very standard approaches to improving air quality in classrooms and have multiple benefits beyond infection control. Newer technology using whole room far-UVC may be an alternative as costs come down." He added: "Children are much more susceptible to seasonal influenza than working age adults and younger children seem to shed more virus for longer.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/archaeologists-discover-shipwreck-ancient-egypt-pleasure-boat-11173189
Article: Scientists have discovered the wreck of an ancient Egyptian pleasure boat—estimated to have been some 115 feet long and 23 feet wide—submerged in an ancient port complex off of the coast of Alexandria. Led by archaeologist Franck Goddio, excavations undertaken by the Institut Européen d’Archéologie Sous-Marine (IEASM) revealed preserved timbers, some 92 feet long, bearing graffiti in Greek dated back to the the first half of the 1st century A.D. While research on the latest shipwreck find is still at an early stage, it offers a fascinating glimpse into “life, religion, luxury and pleasure on the waterways of early Roman Egypt,” the IEASM noted. According to Goddio, “This intriguing shipwreck could have been used along the canals in Alexandria…but as it was also found very close to our excavations on the temple of Isis on Antirhodos Island, it could well have sunk during the catastrophic destruction of this temple around 50 AD, taking into account its dating.” ... “It could have belonged to the sanctuary and be part of the naval ceremony of the navigation iside when a procession celebrating Isis encountered a richly decorated vessel -the Navigium - which embodied the solar barque of Isis, mistress of the sea,” Goddio continued. “This vessel was performing a yearly ritual voyage of the goddess from the Portus Magnus of Alexandria to the sanctuary of Osiris at Canopus alongside the Canopic Channel.” The most well-known of such pleasure barges were the giant floating palaces of the Ptolemies, including that of Cleopatra VII, which she used to show Julius Caesar the sights of Egypt in the spring of 47 BC.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/woman-collects-dog-from-groomers-horror-as-she-walks-into-blood-bath-11171994
Article: A dog owner was left stunned when she collected her cocker spaniel from the groomer, only to be greeted by the unexpected sight of “a blood bath.” Gayle, 47, has shared a video on TikTok (@gaylesyb) documenting what happened when her dog’s grooming appointment turned into an accidental nightmare. Indeed, Gayle, from Scotland, told Newsweek that she “was shocked” when she initially walked into the groomer’s outhouse and saw the dog’s "blood everywhere." The bleeding didn’t seem to stop, making it difficult for Gayle to see how bad the wound was. Both bruiser and the groomer were shaking, so I made the decision to take him home and assess him there.” When Bruiser was moved from the table, he even growled at the groomer. As he was “shaking and stressed,” Gayle thought it would be safer for everyone to take Bruiser home and away from “the stressful situation.” Once home, Gayle kept Bruiser in the kitchen while she tried her best to stem the bleeding from the cut on his ear. The caption layered over the footage reads: “Imagine recording yourself picking up the dog from the groomers, not knowing [you’re] walking into a blood bath.” The online response is beyond anything Gayle imagined, and she cannot believe her video has generated so much attention. Accidents do happen and it’s the most heartbreaking and stressful for us as it is for you, and it’s amazing how you have reacted!” Do you have funny and adorable videos or pictures of your pet you want to share?

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/cat-found-crying-on-porch-in-snow-tears-at-response-saddest-little-face-11173006
Article: “He has the saddest little face [and] his back legs were all matted and frozen over.” The Midwest-based woman said the weather had been “crazy.” Around the same time, the National Weather Service issued a wave of winter alerts across parts of the U.S., with dangerous cold and heavy snow affecting several states. If a social cat approaches and its home isn’t clear, the group advises checking for an ID tag and, when temperatures drop below freezing, offering a warm, protected space such as a garage, porch, or indoors. The woman said she turned her bathroom into a safe haven for the cat, who has been “sleeping a ton.” She made a makeshift litter tray out of Amazon parcels, fed him plain scrambled eggs, and kept him separated from her Shepsky—though she hopes to introduce them later. I don't have high hopes of socializing them," she wrote, adding: "If they don’t take to one another, [I will] find a good home for him." The mom-of-one also said she isn’t in a financial position to take on another pet.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/senior-dog-tries-to-get-on-bed-tears-at-what-pet-cam-shows-11172728
Article: Text layered over the video explains she “isn’t walking well anymore [and] tries to get a running start to get on the guest bed,” and the moment has resonated widely, earning over 405,000 views. Physical Signs of Aging in Dogs The American Kennel Club (AKC) explains that as dogs get older, they may find stairs harder, stop jumping into the car as easily, or need more time to stand up after a nap. Another wrote: “I hate seeing them get old,” and a third user agreed: “Old dogs make me SO SAD.” For many, the viral video is a reminder to savor every stage of a dog’s life—even as those stages shift into something slower, gentler, and in need of a little extra help.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/map-shows-worst-hit-states-as-covid-epidemic-changes-direction-11173483
Article: Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) said the previous weekly percentage of emergency department visits with COVID-19 was "very low," and the virus' epidemic trend was "not changing." This week, the CDC has said the weekly percentage of emergency department visits with COVID-19 is “very low” but that the epidemic trend is “growing.” States where the epidemic trend is “growing” include North Dakota, Michigan, Illinois, Ohio, New York, New Jersey, Connecticut, Maryland, Massachusetts, and Maine. Why It Matters While COVID-19 is no longer a national emergency, it is one of respiratory diseases that impact resource planning, strain local healthcare systems and highlight ongoing risks for vulnerable populations, along with influenza and the respiratory syncytial virus (RSV). What To Know According to the CDC's Center for Forecasting & Outbreak Analytics (CFA) and National Center for Immunization and Respiratory Diseases (NCIRD), the agency's latest model uses the time-varying reproductive number, R t , as an indicator of whether infections are expected to increase or decrease. What People Are Saying The CDC said in its respiratory disease outlook: “CDC expects that the combined peak hospitalization rate due to COVID-19, influenza, and RSV will be similar (within 20% of the 2024-2025 peak) to that of last season, with low to moderate confidence, based on historical trends, expert opinion, and scenario modeling results. Combined peak hospitalization burden depends on the timing as well as the magnitude of each disease peak during the respiratory season.” Jennifer Nuzzo, director of the Pandemic Center and a professor of epidemiology at Brown University, previously told Newsweek: "We often see an increase in infections in the fall, so the increase in the Midwest and Northeast is not surprising. Based on this, I would expect to see more increases in other regions this fall, but likely not as bad as earlier fall increases." What Happens Next To protect themselves from COVID-19, the CDC recommends Americans practice good hygiene—such as frequent hand washing—and take steps to breathe cleaner air or to wear masks in public places to avoid transmission. While it previously advised all Americans stay up to date on COVID-19 vaccines, the CDC has dropped that blanket recommendation and now says that vaccination should be decided on "individual-based decision-making."

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/entertainment/celebrity-news/prince-harry-police-threat-level-review-raises-eyebrows-11172468
Article: "It is our long-standing policy not to provide detailed information on those arrangements, as doing so could compromise their integrity and affect individuals' security." The reaction in the British media has largely been to assume that years of lobbying the government in various forms is finally paying off for Harry, with positive implications for his relationship with his father if he gets his protection team reinstated. By not giving it to him, it's drawn a lot of attention to it and maybe that's why things are changing now." Public figures who get police protection are supposed to have a new threat level assessment annually, but that has not traditionally included Harry since he moved to the United States. Do you have a question about King Charles III and Queen Camilla, Prince William and Princess Kate, Meghan Markle and Prince Harry, or their family that you would like our experienced royal correspondents to answer?

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/yankees-projected-to-sign-intriguing-154-million-ace-to-bolster-roster-11173538
Article: "The Yankees have looked like a fit for Imai for a while now, and MLB.com's Mark Feinsand reported they are 'believed' to be one of the most interested clubs in the righty," Rymer wrote. "They're not alone in this regard, but outbidding the Yankees for someone they want is always easier said than done." The Yankees could improve their rotation quite a bit by adding Imai. It's not the biggest hole on the roster in the Bronx, but with the question marks surrounding Gerrit Cole and Clarke Schmidt after injury, the move would add a lot of security to the Yankees' roster.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/air-transat-shutdown-what-to-know-cancellations-strike-11173484
Article: The airline said that it had begun planning for a gradual shutdown of operations, with flight cancellations possibly beginning on Monday if an agreement isn’t reached with the union representing the pilots. What To Know Air Transat said in a statement on Sunday that the strike notice, delivered by the Air Line Pilots Association (ALPA), has led the airline to begin preparing to gradually suspend its operations. Air Transat said that it still hoped to reach a negotiated agreement with the union representing its roughly 700 pilots, who want to secure a new contract regarding pay, benefits and working conditions. The ALPA’s Bradley Small, who heads the Air Transat contingent, said there is still time to avoid a strike if meaningful progress is made at the bargaining table, but accused the airline’s management of months of “unproductive bargaining.” What People Are Saying Bradley Small, chair of the Air Line Pilots Association’s Air Transat contingent, said in a statement: “No pilot wants to strike, but Air Transat management has left us no choice," adding: "Months of unproductive bargaining ends now. If we cannot reach an agreement, management will be responsible for every canceled flight and stranded passenger." Julie Lamontagne, Air Transat’s chief human resources, corporate responsibility and communications officer, said in a statement: "It is regrettable that the union has expressed such indifference toward Transat, its employees and clients by choosing the path of a strike at this time of year—a reckless decision that does not reflect the state of negotiations." What Happens Next Flights will begin being suspended on Monday if an agreement isn’t reached.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/mlb/phillies-predicted-to-dump-embattled-100m-veteran-at-winter-meetings-11173442
Article: Sometimes, a relationship between a team and a player sours during the course of a long-term contract, and that's what appears to have gone down with the Philadelphia Phillies and outfielder Nick Castellanos. During his worst offensive season as an established major leaguer, Castellanos lost at-bats against right-handed pitchers, and he also found himself getting replaced in right field in many late-game scenarios. On Monday, ESPN's Jesse Rogers not only predicted that a Castellanos trade was coming, but that it would happen this week at the winter meetings, which are happening in Orlando through the end of the day on Wednesday. "Perhaps it won't land as the biggest of surprises, considering how things went down in Philadelphia last year, but a deal would further show that the Phillies are turning things over a bit as they continue to chase a ring," wrote Rogers. That opens the door to even more possibilities outside of Philadelphia." The Pirates reportedly submitted an offer for Phillies slugger Kyle Schwarber in recent days, so they have their sights set much higher than a Castellanos rebound at the moment.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/mlb/yankees-gm-drops-telling-kyle-tucker-update-as-blue-jays-pursue-slugger-11173261
Article: Not only did Cashman reveal that Tucker has not taken the short trip from his home to the Yankees' spring training facility, but he also said something that could point to a lack of interest in signing Tucker. If Bellinger returns, the Yankees would have Austin Wells, Jazz Chisholm Jr., Ryan McMahon, Trent Grisham, Bellinger, Jasson Domínguez and Ben Rice all hitting left-handed and seeing significant playing time.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c0mp4nevdz7o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Thieves snatch eight Matisse artworks from library in Brazil 30 minutes ago Share Save Vanessa Buschschlüter Share Save AFP via Getty Images The thieves reportedly walked into the library during normal opening hours Two armed men have stolen eight engravings by French artist Matisse and at least another five by Brazilian painter Cândido Portinari from a library in São Paulo. The heist comes less than two months after the art world was rocked by a brazen break-in at the Louvre museum in Paris, where thieves made off with priceless jewels.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/world/zelenskyy-holds-talks-in-london-with-european-allies-on-u-s-backed-peace-plan-and-security
Article: LONDON (AP) — President Volodymyr Zelenskyy met French, German and British leaders in London on Monday amid what Kyiv’s European allies described as a “decisive time” in the U.S.-led effort to end Russia’s war in Ukraine. President Donald Trump appeared frustrated with Zelenskyy, claiming the Ukrainian leader “hasn’t yet read the proposal.” “Russia is, I believe, fine with it, but I’m not sure that Zelenskyy’s fine with it,” Trump said in Washington. “The coming days … could be a decisive time for all of us.” Zelenskyy said late Sunday that his talks with European leaders this week in London and Brussels will focus on security, air defense and long-term funding for Ukraine’s war effort. Zelenskyy said in a post on Telegram that talks had been “substantive” and that National Security and Defense Council Secretary Rustem Umerov and Chief of the General Staff Andrii Hnatov were traveling back to Europe to brief him. A major sticking point in the plan is the suggestion that Kyiv must cede control of the Donbas region of eastern Ukraine to Russia, which illegally occupies most but not all of the territory. “The most important thing is to ensure that if there is a cessation of hostilities, and I hope there is, it has to be just and it has to be lasting, which is what we will be focused on this afternoon,” he told broadcaster ITV. We understand that by eliminating the irritants that currently exist in bilateral relations, a prospect may open for us to truly restore our relations and bring them out of the rather deep crisis.” READ MORE: Putin says there are points in the U.S.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Health/wireStory/malpractice-killed-mom-opioid-giant-avoided-payout-landmark-116920538
Article: Her family ordered an autopsy, which found she "died as a result of complications following an injection procedure for pain." The family then hired a lawyer whose investigation found red flag after red flag associated with Integrity Wellness, the clinic where Ray sought treatment, and the medical staff associated with it. A medical expert reviewed Ray's case and said there was a "distinct possibility" that her heart had stopped because the CRNA who gave her anesthesia administered it in a way that caused "muscle paralysis that would prevent the recipient from breathing." The other CRNA in the room during the procedure, who was tasked with monitoring Ray and failed to notice she had no pulse and wasn't breathing, has his own questionable history, the investigation found -- as did many of the other medical staff hired at the clinic. Opioid Titan Avoided Major Payout Despite having a robust multi-billion dollar case against it, an opioid maker only had to pay a fraction to the people harmed by its products, according to ProPublica. The lawsuit charged that the company's marketing was "purposely designed to fraudulently manipulate prescribing physicians." For instance, in earlier years at the company, salespeople were incentivized to sell as much Percocet as possible with those making the most sales winning BMW corporate cars.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Health/wireStory/extent-fallout-trumps-hhs-purge-118980280
Article: This includes members of CDC's Epidemic Intelligence Service, a 2-year fellowship program that trains the next generation of "disease detectives." One employee from an agency within HHS who asked to remain anonymous described "chaos and confusion" as leadership "tries to sort this all out." Initial reports suggested about 5,200 employees across HHS agencies -- among about 80,000 total employees -- would be let go, but on Tuesday the totals were unclear. Eight recent former leaders of federal health agencies under the Biden administration -- including former NIH Director Monica Bertagnolli, MD; former CMS Administrator Chiquita Brooks-LaSure; former FDA Commissioner Robert Califf, MD; and former CDC Director Mandy Cohen, MD, MPH -- signed a letter in support of the fired employees. "The Trump Administration now has begun arbitrarily removing HHS staff from their positions, leaving no doubt that the health and well-being of families and communities across the country will suffer as a result," the former leaders wrote in the letter. "They are dedicated and passionate public servants who have committed their careers to working on behalf of the American people." "We owe them a debt of gratitude, not a pink slip," the letter concluded. Jeff Nesbit, former assistant secretary for public affairs at HHS, shared a "thank you" letter signed by 140 former political appointees who worked alongside civil servants at HHS during the Obama and Biden administrations, including former HHS Secretary Xavier Becerra. You embody the mission and vision of the Department of Health and Human Services." Robert Steinbrook, MD, director of the health research group at Public Citizen, which has long been a thorn in the side of federal agencies -- particularly the FDA -- called the terminations "a disaster for public health." "There's no upside to this," Steinbrook told MedPage Today. "From the outside, it seems senseless." "Staff need to be reduced from time to time for budgetary reasons in many organizations, and there are ways to do that carefully and with consideration of individuals and organizational needs -- and there are ways not to do that," Steinbrook said. "And this is exactly the way not to do it." Here's a look at the impact on individual agencies: CDC While reports originally stated that around 1,300 probationary employees -- about 10% of CDC's workforce -- would be cut, the number has come down to around 750, according to NPR. While fellows from the agency's Epidemic Intelligence Service were originally told they would be let go, as of Tuesday they still had not received emails informing them of their termination, multiple sources at the CDC told MedPage Today. LLS fellows help the CDC and state labs improve testing and meet federal standards, according to the Associated Press FDA Around 700 FDA staffers were let go, according to the Associated Press. "I was looking forward to working to pursue the Department's agenda of improving the health of Americans by reducing diet-related chronic disease and risks from chemicals in food," Jones wrote in his resignation letter, according to the Post. "It has been increasingly clear that with the Trump Administration's disdain for the very people necessary to implement your agenda, however, it would have been fruitless for me to continue in this role." NIH Between 1,000 and 1,200 NIH employees were terminated on Saturday, according to NPR -- a few hundred less than the 1,500 initially expected. CMS Politico reported that employees working for the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Innovation (CMMI) were let go, along with employees in the CMS office that oversees the Affordable Care Act. Arielle Kane, who was fired from CMMI, posted on X that she and her colleagues who were terminated were "working on improving maternal health outcomes at lower costs so that less pregnant women would die in this country. Renee Wegrzyn, PhD, the inaugural director of the Advanced Research Projects Agency for Health (ARPA-H), which was created in 2022, announced on LinkedIn that she "no longer [has] the opportunity to serve" as its director.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/08/mcdonalds-value-franchising-standards.html
Article: "Effective January 1, 2026, we are enhancing our global franchising standards across all Segments to reinforce accountability for value leadership," Andrew Gregory, McDonald's senior vice president of global franchising, development and delivery, wrote in a memo issued Monday and obtained by CNBC. "With enhanced standards, we aim to provide greater clarity to the System to ensure every restaurant delivers consistent, reliable value across the full customer experience." Franchising standards are the policies that define how McDonald's operators should run their restaurants. "While Owner/Operators continue to set their own prices and make decisions that reflect local market nuances, we've now strengthened individual accountability for value leadership – equipping you with approved pricing consultants, tools, and other levels that support informed choices and elevate the overall guest experience across all order points," McDonald's USA Chief Restaurant Officer Mason Smoot wrote in a separate memo sent to U.S.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/8/india-travel-chaos-are-pilots-overworked?traffic_source=rss
Article: Given that IndiGo controls 65 percent market share, the impact on travel and ticket prices was severe, forcing the government to intervene and even issue a cap on domestic fares. “Despite the two-year preparatory window before full FDTL implementation, the airline inexplicably adopted a hiring freeze, entered non-poaching arrangements, maintained a pilot pay freeze through cartel-like behaviour, and demonstrated other short-sighted planning practices,” the Federation of Indian Pilots told the Press Trust of India news agency on December 4. These international standards are set by bodies such as the International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO), a United Nations agency which sets global aviation standards and coordinates international air transport, and the European Union Aviation Safety Agency (EASA). Pawan*, a commercial pilot with an Indian airline, told Al Jazeera on condition of anonymity, “You need to have completed about 200 hours of flight time through a training institution before working with an airline.” Advertisement As a child, Pawan lived in a housing society with pilots, engineers and airport managers because his father was also a pilot. “From a lot of people that I’ve interacted with in the industry who’ve been here now 15 years close to the company, they are saying things like, ‘I feel like I’m earning the same thing I earned 10 years back, or maybe even less,'” Pawan, who has been a pilot in India for almost a decade, said. After more than 3,000 hours of flying, pilots take the Airline Transport Pilot Licence (ATPL) theoretical test to become a captain, a position that allows them to take full responsibility for the flight. In Australia, pilots can earn approximately 200,000 Australian dollars ($134,000) a year, and captains can earn up to 400,000 Australian dollars ($268,000) a year, according to the Melbourne-based Holmes Aviation Institute. The average annual salaries for airline pilots across 17 European countries range from 32,299 euros ($35,000) in Romania to 113,672 euros ($122,776) in Switzerland as of 2025, according to the ERI Economic Research Institute.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/8/eu-slams-critical-us-security-strategy-notes-changed-relationship?traffic_source=rss
Article: European Council President Antonio Costa and the German government have lambasted a new US national security strategy that paints Europe as a troubled, declining power that may one day lose its usefulness as an ally to Washington. The remarks on Monday from the European Union’s leading economy and one of its top officials delivered a stinging rebuke to the National Security Strategy released on Friday by the administration of US President Donald Trump. The 33-page document contains scathing criticism of the continent, claiming it is facing the “prospect of civilisational erasure” due to migration, scorning it for “censorship of free speech” and suppression of anti-immigration movements, and suggesting that the US may withdraw the security umbrella it has long held over it. The stoush over the strategy, playing out as Washington ramps up pressure on Ukraine to agree to a plan to end the war with Russia, reflects what EU leader Costa said was a “changed” relationship between the US and Europe. “We need to focus on building a Europe that must understand that the relationships between allies and the post-World War II alliances have changed,” Costa said at the Jacques Delors Institute, a think tank in Paris. In response to the strategy document’s comments on free speech, Costa warned, “There will never be free speech if the freedom of information of citizens is sacrificed for the aims of the tech oligarchs in the United States.” Costa strongly criticised allegations that free speech is being censored in Europe and said only European citizens can decide which parties should govern them. “The United States cannot replace Europe in its vision of freedom of speech,” he noted, adding, “Our history has taught us that there is no freedom of speech without freedom of information.” ‘Ideology, not strategy’ In Berlin, Sebastian Hille, a deputy spokesperson for the German government, said some of the criticisms in the document were “ideology rather than strategy”. Divisions over Russia The US strategy document makes clear that Washington wants to improve its relationship with Moscow, saying that it has a “core interest” in ending the conflict with Ukraine to “reestablish strategic stability with Russia”, while hitting out at European officials’ “unrealistic expectations” for a solution to the war. An initial US plan for ending the war, which would have allowed Russia to hold on to large territories in eastern Ukraine, sparked criticism from European leaders amid concerns that Washington is trying to force Kyiv to accept unfavourable terms. Costa said that given the strategy document’s position on Ukraine, “we can understand why Moscow shares [its] vision.” “The objective in this strategy is not a fair and durable peace.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/8/trump-to-host-netanyahu-at-white-house-on-december-29-israeli-government?traffic_source=rss
Article: It came a day after Netanyahu said he expected to discuss the second phase of the ceasefire in Gaza with Trump, as well as “opportunities for peace” in the region. “The Prime Minister will meet with President Trump on Monday, December 29, they will discuss the future steps and phases and the international stabilisation force of the ceasefire plan,” government spokesperson Shosh Bedrosian said in an online briefing to reporters. On Sunday, Netanyahu said the focus of the meeting would be on ending Hamas governance in Gaza and ensuring it fulfilled its “commitment” to the ceasefire plan, which calls for demilitarisation of the enclave.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/8/trump-to-sign-one-rule-executive-order-on-ai-to-bypass-us-state-approvals?traffic_source=rss
Article: The announcement on Monday via Trump’s Truth Social account represented the US president’s latest effort to remove AI barriers, a priority of his administration that has raised concerns related to oversight of the transformative technology. “We are beating ALL COUNTRIES at this point in the race, but that won’t last long if we are going to have 50 States, many of them bad actors, involved in RULES and the APPROVAL PROCESS.” “THERE CAN BE NO DOUBT ABOUT THIS! “In recent years, legislatures across the country have passed AI-related measures to strengthen consumer transparency, guide responsible government procurement, protect patients, and support artists and creators,” they wrote in a letter to Congress in November.

Link: https://abc7.com/post/paramount-goes-hostile-bid-warner-bros-challenging-72-billion-netflix/18263947/
Article: Paramount criticized the Netflix offer, saying it "exposes WBD shareholders to a protracted multi-jurisdictional regulatory clearance process with an uncertain outcome along with a complex and volatile mix of equity and cash." Paramount said it had submitted six proposals to Warner Bros. "We believe they will benefit from the enhanced competition, higher content spend and theatrical release output, and a greater number of movies in theaters as a result of our proposed transaction," On Friday Netflix struck a deal to buy Warner Bros.

Link: https://abc7.com/post/magnitude-76-earthquake-strikes-off-japans-northern-coast-triggers-tsunami-alert/18263899/
Article: Magnitude 7.6 quake strikes off Japan's northern coast and triggers a tsunami alert TOKYO -- A powerful earthquake struck off the coast of northern Japan on Monday, triggering a tsunami alert, the Japanese Meteorological Agency said. The agency said the magnitude 7.6 quake struck off the coast of Hokkaido, near the coastal city of Aomori with an epicenter about 50 kilometers (about 30 miles) below the sea surface.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cy074n2d0x1o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Rapper Ghetts admits death by dangerous driving Ghetts pictured at the Ivor Novello Awards earlier this year The rapper Ghetts has pleaded guilty to causing death by dangerous driving following a hit-and-run collision in east London.

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/12/08/nx-s1-5631826/iceblock-app-lawsuit-trump-bondi
Article: ICEBlock app sues Trump administration for censorship and 'unlawful threats' Enlarge this image toggle caption Provided by ICEBlock Provided by ICEBlock The developer of ICEBlock, an iPhone app that anonymously tracks the presence of Immigration and Customs Enforcement agents, has sued the Trump administration for free speech violations after Apple removed the service from its app store under demands from the White House. The suit, filed on Monday in federal court in Washington, asks a judge to declare that the administration violated the First Amendment when it threatened to criminally prosecute the app's developer and pressured Apple to make the app unavailable for download, which the tech company did in October. Sponsor Message Following Apple ejecting ICEBlock, Attorney General Pam Bondi said in a statement that "we reached out to Apple today demanding they remove the ICEBlock app from their App Store — and Apple did so." Lawyer Noam Biale, who filed the suit against the administration, said Bondi's remarks show the government illegally pressuring a private company to suppress free speech. "We view that as an admission that she engaged in coercion in her official role as a government official to get Apple to remove this app," Biale said in an interview with NPR. Sponsor Message "It was just the best idea I had to do everything I could to fight back against what was going on," Aaron said in an interview, describing Trump's immigration enforcement blitz as "abhorrent." The app allows people to report an ICE agent sighting within a 5 mile radius, similar to how map apps, like Waze and Google and Apple Maps and others, alert drivers to police setting up speed traps. "Fundamentally, ICEBlock neither enables nor encourages confrontation — it simply delivers time-limited location information to help users stay aware of their surroundings in a responsible and nonviolent way," according to the lawsuit. To legal experts, ICEBlock is latest "jawboning" example To First Amendment advocates, the White House's pressure campaign targeting ICEBlock is the latest example of what's known as "jawboning," when government officials wield state power to suppress speech. The Cato Institute calls the practice "censorship by proxy." ABC's suspension of Jimmy Kimmel after FCC Chair Brendan Carr threatened regulatory action and Bondi promising a crackdown on hate speech following the killing of conservative activist Charlie Kirk are two other prominent instances. "The use of a high-level government threat to force a private platform to suppress speech fundamentally undermines the public's right to access information about government activities," said Spence Purnell, a resident senior fellow at R Street, a center-right think tank. "If high-level officials can successfully silence political opposition, it sets a dangerous precedent for the future of free expression in this country." Genevieve Lakier, a First Amendment scholar at the University of Chicago Law School, said the White House's campaign against ICEBlock shows the administration using what has become a familiar playbook: "To use threats of adverse legal and financial consequences, sometimes vague sometimes not so vague, to pressure universities, media companies, law firms, you name it, into not speaking in the ways they like," she said. One potential weak spot for the lawsuit, however, is a lack of direct evidence that Attorney General Bondi, or other administration officials, made threats against Apple to have the app removed, rather than merely convinced the tech company to do so. Sponsor Message "And government officials do not violate the First Amendment when they persuade private speech platforms to suppress speech because that speech poses a national security risk or is harmful in some other way," Lakier said. "They only violate the First Amendment when they coerce or attempt to coerce the private platform to suppress the speech." Since Apple kicked ICEBlock out of its app store, it cannot be downloaded now, but those who had it on their phones before the ban can still use it. Aaron said he hopes the suit will lead to ICEBlock being restored to the iPhone app stores and for a clear message to be sent to the Trump administration that prosecuting him for his role in developing the app would be illegal.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/nation/paramount-offers-warner-bros-shareholders-74-4-billion-for-the-company-challenging-netflixs-deal
Article: means for one of Hollywood’s oldest studios It said its offer is worth about $18 billion more than the competing bid from Netflix, which it says is based on an “illusory prospective valuation” of those cable assets. Paramount criticized the Netflix offer, saying it “exposes WBD shareholders to a protracted multi-jurisdictional regulatory clearance process with an uncertain outcome along with a complex and volatile mix of equity and cash.” Paramount said it had submitted six proposals to Warner Bros. “We believe they will benefit from the enhanced competition, higher content spend and theatrical release output, and a greater number of movies in theaters as a result of our proposed transaction.” On Friday Netflix struck a deal to buy Warner Bros.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Business/paramount-launches-hostile-bid-warner-bros-discovery/story?id=128207805
Article: "We believe the WBD Board of Directors is pursuing an inferior proposal which exposes shareholders to a mix of cash and stock, an uncertain future trading value of the Global Networks linear cable business and a challenging regulatory approval process. We are taking our offer directly to shareholders to give them the opportunity to act in their own best interests and maximize the value of their shares." This is a breaking news story.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/court-clerk-helped-alex-murdaughs-trial-pleads-guilty-128209906
Article: -- The former court clerk in South Carolina who helped out with the murder trial of attorney Alex Murdaugh pleaded guilty Monday to criminal charges for showing sealed court exhibits to a photographer and lying about it in court. Former Colleton County Clerk of Court Mary Rebecca “Becky” Hill, 58, was arrested in May on four charges — obstruction of justice and perjury for showing a reporter graphic crime scene photographs that were sealed court exhibits and then lying about it — as well as two counts of misconduct in office for taking bonuses and promoting through her public office a book she wrote on the trial, authorities said. A second warrant said Hill lied to Toal during a January 2024 hearing when the judge asked: “Did you allow anyone from the press to view the sealed exhibits?” One of the charges — misconduct in office — involved money that investigators said Hill took for herself. Officials said Hill allowed a photo of Murdaugh in a holding cell to be taken to promote her book on the trial and used county money to buy dozens of lunches for her staff, prosecutors and a vendor. Hill also struck a deal with a documentary maker to use the county courtroom in exchange for promoting her book on the trial, which later she admitted had plagiarized passages, according to the South Carolina Ethics Commission complaint.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Business/wireStory/coldplay-u2-ed-sheeran-top-pollstars-popular-touring-128209848
Article: 1, 2001, to the end of 2025 Coldplay, U2 and Ed Sheeran top Pollstar's most popular touring artists of the new millennium New York -- Much has been made about the global touring economy in the last few years. Take, for example, that tours grossing over a billion dollars is a new phenomenon in the 2020s — a benchmark first crossed by Taylor Swift in 2023 with her landmark Eras Tour and an accomplishment recently reached by The Weeknd. On Monday, in advance of Pollstar's 2025 year-end issue, the concert trade publication ranked the top 25 “Most Popular Touring Artists of the Millennium,” based on ticket sales from Jan. Then she broke her own record: In December 2024, Pollstar announced that the Eras Tour brought in $2.2 billion across its nearly two-year run, extending its lead as the highest-grossing tour of all time.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/08/what-another-fed-cut-could-mean-for-your-personal-borrowing-costs.html
Article: If appointed, Hassett would take over a Fed that is currently torn between officials who think additional rate cuts are warranted and those who are reluctant to ease monetary policy further. A mixed bag for consumers "Anyone who is exposed to variable rate debt, which is benchmarked off of prime, could see a reduction in their borrowing costs — but for the mortgage market and any other longer-term rates, we could even see an increase," said Brett House, economics professor at Columbia Business School. "It depends on the duration of the product and the product itself." Short-term rates are more closely pegged to the prime rate, which is the rate that banks charge their most creditworthy customers — typically 3 percentage points above the federal funds rate. When the Fed lowers rates, the prime rate comes down, too, and the interest rate on your credit card debt is likely to adjust within a billing cycle or two. "It doesn't put you in a position where that balance is meaningfully easier to manage." Auto loan rates and federal student loans are fixed for the life of the loan and won't adjust with the Fed's move, although anyone shopping for a car or taking on education debt in the year ahead could benefit if borrowing costs come down on new loans.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/08/japan-earthquake-tsunami-warnings.html
Article: Tsunami warnings were issued for the prefectures of Hokkaido, Aomori and Iwate, and a tsunami of 40cm had been observed at Aomori's Mutsu Ogawara and Hokkaido's Urakawa ports before midnight, JMA said. Located in the "Ring of Fire" arc of volcanoes and oceanic trenches partly encircling the Pacific Basin, the country accounts for about 20% of the world's earthquakes of magnitude 6.0 or greater.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/08/how-to-play-further-gains-in-copper-using-options-on-this-mining-stock.html
Article: Of course, in the United States, if we ignore less valuable base-metal alloys that have replaced more valuable commodities as the dollar has been debased, another metal used to mint coins is copper. Today, 35 years later, that is still true — provided those are real copper pennies and not the cheap 97.5% zinc ones that have only a 2.5% copper plating, which the US mint churns out today. Southern Copper, which is a "majority-owned, indirect subsidiary of Grupo Mexico," operates world-class assets in Peru and Mexico, boasting the industry's largest copper reserves and a production capacity exceeding 1 million tons annually. The company's low-cost structure — net cash costs of just $0.61 per pound for the first 9 months of this year — delivers superior EBITDA margins, far surpassing peers like Freeport-McMoRan and Rio Tinto . All opinions expressed by the CNBC Pro contributors are solely their opinions and do not reflect the opinions of CNBC, NBC UNIVERSAL, their parent company or affiliates, and may have been previously disseminated by them on television, radio, internet or another medium.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/08/jewelry-owners-may-want-to-check-their-insurance-coverage-as-godprice-remains-elevated.html
Article: Pakin Songmor | Moment | Getty Images If you own jewelry made of gold or another precious metal, you should probably check your homeowners insurance to see if your coverage is sufficient. "Most homeowners and renters policies cover jewelry as personal property for common risks like theft or fire, but they typically apply special limits, often around $1,000 to $2,500 total, and don't cover accidental loss or wear and tear," said Sarah Cast, specialty lines vice president at Allstate. "Many insurers and advisors recommend reappraising jewelry every few years, especially when market conditions (like gold price surges) shift to ensure coverage stays adequate," Worters of the Insurance Information Institute said.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/features/2025/12/8/memories-of-liberation-and-hope-for-the-future-a-damascenes-story?traffic_source=rss
Article: He described the scene that day as a kind of joy-filled chaos, until rebel forces arrived from Deraa, in southern Syria, and later fighters, led by Ahmed al-Sharaa, poured into the capital from the north. Advertisement “At that moment, I thought that God willing, it will happen soon for the people of Palestine, and we will celebrate in Palestine, at Al-Aqsa Mosque.” Soon after, Yamen saw on television that al-Sharaa was entering the Umayyad Mosque in Damascus’s Old City. “What I have mentioned is just the tip of the iceberg, so there’s still more to improve, God willing, much more.” He also pointed to the issue of freedom of expression. By 3pm (12:00 GMT), fireworks burst overhead as helicopters and powered paragliders flew through the sky, while below the square was already full of people waving the green, black and white Syrian flag. “But today, if I find a good opportunity after graduation, either in the private sector or working with the state, I will take it so that I can help this country.”

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/sports/2025/12/8/inter-milan-vs-liverpool-champions-league-salah-team-start-and-lineups?traffic_source=rss
Article: Who: Inter Milan vs Liverpool What: UEFA Champions League – League phase, match day 6 Where: San Siro Stadium, Milan, Italy When: Tuesday at 9pm (20:00 GMT) How to follow: We’ll have all the build-up on Al Jazeera Sport from 17:00 GMT in advance of our live text commentary stream. In-form Inter Milan host struggling Liverpool in the UEFA Champions League (UCL) on Tuesday with the Reds underwhelming defence of their Premier League crown turning from bad to worse with superstar player Mohamed Salah hinting at an exit from the club. Liverpool currently sits ninth on the domestic league ladder – 10 points behind leaders Arsenal – and their morale was weakened further when Salah accused the club of “throwing him under the bus” in comments made to the media after a 3-3 draw at lowly Leeds United on the weekend. Inter have recovered from a slow start to the Serie A football season – where they lost two of their first three fixtures – to storm back into title contention. The Reds defeated 15-time UCL champions Real Madrid 1-0 on November 4 – but were then humiliated 4-1 at Anfield by Dutch side PSV in their last match on November 26. Salah trained with the club at the AXA Training Centre in Liverpool on Monday ahead of their flight to Italy, but it remains to be seen whether manager Arne Slot chooses to leave him out of the squad. On Saturday, the 33-year-old said he had been “thrown under the bus” as he tore into the club over his treatment and signalled a potential exit, after watching from the bench for the third straight match in the draw at Leeds. In his incendiary post-match comments, the Egyptian international lashed out at the club and coach Slot, telling journalists he felt he had been scapegoated for their poor start to the season and suggesting that he may not have long left at Anfield. The club promised me in the summer … a lot of promises and nothing so far.” Salah, who is going to the Africa Cup of Nations (AFCON) with Egypt on December 15, added: “I don’t know what’s going to happen now, so I’m just going to be in Anfield, say goodbye to the fans [before] going to Africa Cup, because I don’t know what’s going to happen when I’m there.” When did Inter and Liverpool last play each other? They met in the second leg of their last-16 Champions League matchup, with Liverpool losing 1-0 at Anfield, but still progressing to the quarterfinals of the tournament (2-1 on aggregate) after winning the first leg 2-0 at the San Siro on February 16. Advertisement Inter last won in 2010, overcoming Bayern Munich 2–0 in the final to complete the treble, a feat never before achieved by any team from either Italy or Germany. Inter Milan’s team news Ex-Manchester United and Arsenal star Henrikh Mkhitaryan is expected to make his long-awaited return to the starting lineup after a month-long absence with a thigh injury, replacing Piotr Zielinski in the central midfield role. Inter Milan’s predicted starting lineup (3-5-2): Sommer (goalkeeper); Akanji, Bisseck, Bastoni; Henrique, Zielinski, Barella, Calhanoglu, Dimarco; Thuram, Martinez Liverpool’s team news No official team statement has been made on whether Salah will travel with the team to Italy. Liverpool’s predicted starting lineup (4-2-3-1): Alisson (goalkeeper); Bradley, Gomez, van Dijk, Robertson; Gravenberch, Jones; Szoboszlai, Wirtz, Chiesa; Isak Last five matches Inter Milan: W-W-L-W-W (most recent result last, Serie A matches only) Liverpool: L-L-W-D-D (most recent result last, Premier League matches only)

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/video/newsfeed/2025/12/8/video-palestinian-teen-says-he-was-tortured-in-settler-kidnapping?traffic_source=rss
Article: Palestinian teen says he was tortured in settler kidnapping NewsFeed Video: Palestinian teen says he was tortured in settler kidnapping Palestinian teenager Oweis Hemam says he was kidnapped and tortured by Israeli settlers in the occupied West Bank.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/video/listen-live-supreme-court-hears-oral-arguments-in-ftc-firing-case-253958213539
Article: Listen to live audio as the Supreme Court hears oral arguments on whether President Donald Trump had the authority to fire Rebecca Slaughter, a former member of the Federal Trade Commission. The case could have major implications on whether the president has the authority to fire the heads of independent agencies that Congress set up to be insulated from political pressures.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/business/economy/trump-farmers-aid-package-china-rcna247988
Article: The announcement is slated to be unveiled during an afternoon roundtable event at the White House where Trump, alongside Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent and Agriculture Secretary Brooke Rollins, will hold a discussion with farmers. Andrew Caballero-Reynolds / AFP via Getty Images file While Beijing remains far short of its commitment to buy 12 million tons of soybeans as part of a recent agreement, Bessent said the country's purchases are coming along in a "perfect cadence." "China is on track to keep every part of the deal," he said at a conference last week hosted by The New York Times. The recent uptick in agricultural purchases from China also comes after the world's second largest economy turned, at least temporarily, to Argentina for its supply of soybeans in lieu of U.S. Some perceived the foreign aid announcement as a bailout, which angered American farmers who said they were already being pushed to the breaking point by the loss of the Chinese soybean sales.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/nation-world/golden-globes-2026-nominees/507-4a2c30f3-69af-48f7-ba23-42af1d8ca42a
Article: Paul Thomas Anderson’s “One Battle After Another” scored a leading nine nominations to the 83rd Golden Globe Awards on Monday, adding to the Oscar favorite’s momentum and handing Warner Bros. FILM Best Motion Picture – Drama "Frankenstein" "Hamnet" "It Was Just an Accident" "The Secret Agent" "Sentimental Value" "Sinners" Best Motion Picture – Musical Or Comedy "Blue Moon" "Bugonia" "Marty Supreme" "No Other Choice" "Nouvelle Vague" "One Battle After Another" Best Motion Picture – Animated "Arco" "Demon Slayer" "Elio" "KPop Demon Hunters" "Little Amélie or the Character of Rain" "Zootopia 2" Best Motion Picture – Non-English Language "It Was Just An Accident" "No Other Choice" "The Secret Agent" "Sentimental Value" "Sirāt" "The Voice of Hind Rajab" Cinematic And Box Office Achievement "Avatar: Fire And Ash" "F1" "Kpop Demon Hunters" "Mission: Impossible – The Final Reckoning" "Sinners" "Weapons" "Wicked: For Good" "Zootopia 2" Best Performance by a Female Actor – Drama Jessie Buckley - "Hamnet" Jennifer Lawrence - "Die My Love" Renate Reinsve - "Sentimental Value" Julia Roberts - "After the Hunt" Tessa Thompson - "Hedda" Eva Victor - "Sorry, Baby" Best Performance by a Male Actor – Drama Joel Edgerton - "Train Dreams" Oscar Isaac - "Frankenstein" Dwayne Johnson - "The Smashing Machine" Michael B. Jordan - "Sinners" Wagner Moura - "The Secret Agent" Jeremy Allen White - "Springsteen: Deliver Me from Nowhere" Best Performance by a Female Actor – Musical or Comedy Rose Byrne - "If I Had Legs I’d Kick You" Cynthia Erivo - "Wicked: For Good" Kate Hudson - "Song Sung Blue" Chase Infiniti - "One Battle After Another" Amanda Seyfried - "The Testament of Ann Lee" Emma Stone - "Bugonia" Best Performance by a Male Actor – Musical or Comedy Timothée Chalamet - "Marty Supreme" George Clooney - "Jay Kelly" Leonardo DiCaprio - "One Battle After Another" Ethan Hawke - "Blue Moon" Lee Byung-Hun - "No Other Choice" Jesse Plemons - "Bugonia" Best Supporting Female Actor Emily Blunt, "The Smashing Machine" Elle Fanning, "Sentimental Value" Ariana Grande, "Wicked: For Good" Inga Ibsdotter Lilleaas, "Sentimental Value" Amy Madigan, "Weapons" Teyana Taylor, "One Battle After Another" Best Supporting Male Actor Benicio Del Toro, "One Battle After Another" Jacob Elordi, "Frankenstein" Paul Mescal, "Hamnet" Sean Penn, "One Battle After Another" Adam Sandler, "Jay Kelly" Stellan Skarsgard, "Sentimental Value" Best Director Paul Thomas Anderson - "One Battle After Another" Ryan Coogler - "Sinners" Guillermo del Toro - "Frankenstein" Jafar Panahi - "It Was Just an Accident" Joachim Trier - "Sentimental Value" Chloé Zhao - "Hamnet" Best Score Alexandre Desplat, "Frankenstein" Ludwig Göransson, "Sinners" Jonny Greenwood, "One Battle After Another" Max Richter, "Hamnet" Hans Zimmer, "F1: The Movie" Kangding Ray, "Sirat" Best Screenplay Paul Thomas Anderson, "One Battle After Another" Ronald Bronstein and Josh Safdie, "Marty Supreme" Ryan Coogler, "Sinners" Maggie O’Farrell and Chloé Zhao, "Hamnet" Jafar Panahi, "It Was Just an Accident" Eskil Vogt and Joachim Trier, "Sentimental Value" Best Song “Dream as One,” "Avatar: Fire and Ash" “Golden,” "KPop Demon Hunters" “I Lied to You” "Sinners" “No Place Like Home” "Wicked: For Good" “The Girl in the Bubble” "Wicked: For Good" “Train Dreams” "Train Dreams" TELEVISION Best Television Series – Drama "The Diplomat" "The Pitt" "Pluribus" "Severance" "Slow Horses" "The White Lotus" Best Television Series – Musical or Comedy "Abbott Elementary" "The Bear" "Hacks" "Nobody Wants This" "Only Murders in the Building" "The Studio" Best Limited Series, Anthology Series or Television Motion Picture Made for Television "Adolescence" "All Her Fault" "The Beast in Me" "Black Mirror" "Dying for Sex" "The Girlfriend" Best Female Actor – Drama Kathy Bates - "Matlock" Britt Lower - "Severance" Helen Mirren - "Mobland" Bella Ramsey - "The Last of Us" Keri Russell - "The Diplomat" Rhea Seehorn - "Pluribus" Best Male Actor – Drama Sterling K. Brown, "Paradise" Diego Luna, "Andor" Gary Oldman, "Slow Horses" Mark Ruffalo, "Task" Adam Scott, "Severance" Noah Wyle, "The Pitt" Best Female Actor – Musical or Comedy Kristen Bell - "Nobody Wants This" Ayo Edebiri - "The Bear" Selena Gomez - "Only Murders in the Building" Natasha Lyonne - "Poker Face" Jenna Ortega - "Wednesday" Jean Smart - "Hacks" Best Male Actor – Musical or Comedy Adam Brody - "Nobody Wants This" Steve Martin - "Only Murders in the Building" Glen Powell - "Chad Powers" Seth Rogen - "The Studio" Martin Short - "Only Murders in the Building" Jeremy Allen White - "The Bear" Best Female Actor – Limited Series, Anthology Series or Television Motion Picture Made for Television Claire Danes - "The Beast in Me" Rashida Jones - "Black Mirror" Amanda Seyfried - "Long Bright River" Sarah Snook - "All Her Fault" Michelle Williams - "Dying for Sex" Robin Wright - "The Girlfriend" Best Male Actor – Limited Series, Anthology Series or Television Motion Picture Made for Television Jacob Elordi - "The Narrow Road to the Deep North" Paul Giamatti - "Black Mirror" Stephen Graham - "Adolescence" Charlie Hunnam - "Monster: The Ed Gein Story" Jude Law - "Black Rabbit" Matthew Rhys - "The Beast in Me" Best Supporting Female Actor Carrie Coon, "The White Lotus" Erin Doherty, "Adolescence" Hannah Einbinder, "Hacks" Catherine O’Hara, "The Studio" Parker Posey, "The White Lotus" Aimee Lou Wood, "The White Lotus" Best Supporting Male Actor Owen Cooper, "Adolescence" Billy Crudup, "The Morning Show" Walton Goggins, "The White Lotus" Jason Isaacs, "The White Lotus" Tramell Tillman, "Severance" Ashley Walters, "Adolescence" Best Performance in Stand-Up Comedy "Bill Maher: Is Anyone Else Seeing This?" "Brett Goldstein: The Second Best Night of Your Life" "Kevin Hart: Acting My Age" "Kumail Nanjiani: Night Thoughts" "Ricky Gervais: Mortality" "Sarah Silverman: Postmortem" MEDIA Best Podcast "Armchair Expert with Dax Shepard" "Call Her Daddy" "Good Hang with Amy Poehler" "The Mel Robbins Podcast" "Smartless"

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/local/fort-worth-store-new-york-times-top-50-ml-leddys/287-ea7a8580-eed2-4e1c-9003-400a8dc38dda
Article: "Sending a heartfelt Texas thank you to the New York Times for including us in their recent list of the 50 Best retail stores in America," Leddy's said in a Facebook post.

Link: https://abc7.com/post/trump-is-proposing-12b-aid-package-farmers-hit-hard-trade-war-china/18263945/
Article: Trump is proposing a $12B aid package for farmers hit hard by his trade war with China WASHINGTON -- President Donald Trump is planning a $12 billion farm aid package, according to a White House official - a boost to farmers who have struggled to sell their crops while getting hit by rising costs after the president raised tariffs on China as part of a broader trade war. Farmers have backed Trump politically but his aggressive trade policies and frequently changing tariff rates have come under increasing scrutiny because of the impact on the agricultural sector and because of broader consumer worries. The aid is the administration's latest effort to defend Trump's economic stewardship and answer voter angst about rising costs - even as the president has dismissed concerns about affordability as a Democratic "hoax."

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cly312nyq49o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: DiCaprio's One Battle After Another leads Golden Globe nominations 16 minutes ago Share Save Emma Saunders Culture reporter Share Save Warner Bros The rapturously received film, starring Leonardo DiCaprio, could win one Oscar after another Leonardo DiCaprio's latest film One Battle After Another is leading the charge into Hollywood's award season, after receiving nine nominations for this year's Golden Globes on Monday. The movie, about the kidnap of a former revolutionary's daughter, is nominated for best musical/comedy film - while DiCaprio and his co-stars Sean Penn, Teyana Taylor, Benicio Del Toro and Chase Infiniti are all up for acting awards. Multi-language family drama Sentimental Value is close behind with eight nods, while the other acting nominees include Dwayne Johnson, Timothee Chalamet and Wicked: For Good's Cynthia Erivo and Ariana Grande. Getty Images Cynthia Erivo and Ariana Grande are both in the running An adaptation of Maggie O'Farrell's novel Hamnet, vampire drama Sinners, and Guillermo Del Toro's Frankenstein are also among the nominees. George Clooney received his 14th Globe nomination for his leading role in Noah Baumbach's Jay Kelly, about an ageing Hollywood actor grappling with his life choices, while co-star Adam Sandler got a supporting actor nod. Aside from Norway's Sentimental Value, there was support for Iranian director Jafar Panahi's It Was Just An Accident, about a man who sets out to get his revenge on the former intelligence officer who tortured him in prison. The main film nominees One Battle After Another - 9 Sentimental Value - 8 Sinners - 7 Hamnet - 6 Frankenstein - 5 Wicked: For Good - 5 It Was Just an Accident - 4 Getty Images Stephen Graham and Owen Cooper are nominated for Adolescence The Globes also recognise the world of television, and it was a good day for British drama Adolescence.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/football/articles/c3w75qv0v2no?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Despite all the signs and previous warnings, Alonso didn't realise just how hard it would be to achieve the most difficult thing in football - getting everyone to think as one. On the day of the match at Liverpool, those who make the decisions at Real Madrid were openly expressing full support and admiration for what Alonso was doing - modernising the team, making it dynamic and versatile.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/football/articles/c7410m80ppdo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: "She's been training with the team and was in the squad against Liverpool just to get back into her routine and it was good to have her around," said Slegers. She won't start but she will be in the squad." During her absence Arsenal have struggled to find the form which guided them to the Women's Champions League title under Slegers last season. They currently sit eight points off Women's Super League leaders Manchester City and are 10th in the league phase table of the European competition with two wins from four matches. The players who have been playing have been doing really well." Arsenal captain Kim Little has also recovered from a calf injury, coming off the bench in the 69th minute against Liverpool.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/articles/cj38ymrn6n8o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Three huge divisional battles did not disappoint - with Aaron Rodgers, fractured wrist and all, leading the Pittsburgh Steelers to a gritty 27-22 success in Baltimore to lead the AFC North outright. Veteran Rodgers scored his first rushing touchdown for almost three years, but it was his deep throws to DK Metcalf that made all the difference - three of them alone going for 121 yards. The oldest rivals in the NFL met for the 211th time and it was classic as Jordan Love threw touchdown bombs but an exhausted Packers defence had to thwart another fourth-quarter comeback from Chicago's Caleb Williams at a frigid Lambeau Field. Green Bay take a slender lead in the NFC North while the Bears plummeted from the NFC's top spot down to seventh despite some really positive aspects of their game. And in the final divisional crunch game things went from bad to worse for the Colts, who not only lost their 11th straight visit to Jacksonville but also Daniel Jones with a suspected torn Achilles. Jones had led a high-flying Colts attack that raced to a 7-1 start - but they're now 8-5 after losing to the Jags , outside the play-offs and with all four remaining games against sides currently occupying post-season berths.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/politics/sen-cotton-says-he-has-no-objection-to-releasing-video-of-strike-that-killed-two-survivors
Article: Tom Cotton, who backs President Donald Trump’s campaign against suspected drug smugglers, is partially aligning himself with Trump and top Democrats in favor of releasing the video of the Sept. military strike on an alleged drug boat in the Caribbean that killed two survivors of the initial attack shows “nothing remarkable,” the Republican who leads the Senate Intelligence Committee said Sunday, and he would not oppose its public release if the Pentagon were to declassify it. But Cotton, among the top lawmakers on national security committees who were briefed Thursday by the Navy admiral commanding those strikes, is splitting with Democrats over whether military personnel acted lawfully in carrying out a second strike to kill the two survivors. He said he has spent “years looking at videos of lethal action taken, often in the terrorism context, and this video was profoundly shaking.” When Trump was asked Wednesday whether he would release the video of that follow-on strike, he told reporters, “I don’t know what they have, but whatever they have we’d certainly release. “It looks like any number of dozens of strikes we’ve seen on jeeps and pickup trucks in the Middle East over the years.” He added that “there’s nothing remarkable on that video, in my opinion.” The classified sessions on Capitol Hill came after The Washington Post reported that Adm. Some legal experts have disputed that the United States is in an official armed conflict with Venezuela, raising questions about the legalities of using American military personnel for what would amount to law enforcement activities that require due process. Cotton said Sunday that two final victims were “not in a shipwrecked state” or “floating helplessly in the water” but instead were “sitting or standing on top of a capsized boat.” Because they were “not incapacitated,” he said, “that boat, its cargo … remained valid targets.” Smith, who saw the same video, said, “The boat was clearly incapacitated.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/08/next-year-could-set-an-ma-record-one-wall-street-bank-may-benefit-most.html
Article: GS YTD mountain GS YTD chart Poonawala wrote in the note to clients that a record M & A cycle next year could drive Goldman's full-year earnings for 2026 above $60 per share. All signs point to the momentum continuing next year with an easier monetary policy from the Federal Reserve and less regulation of business and federal oversight from the Trump administration. "We see potential for [Goldman's] 2026 EPS to surpass the prior high in 2021 on the back of a record year for M & A activity and significant capital flexibility to support M & A financing," Poonawala wrote. "Supporting this are a conducive regulatory backdrop for deal approval (DOJ/FTC), declining interest rates and pent-up desire for strategic transactions and sponsor activity." Goldman management itself also seems to have moved into a period of acquisition activity, the analyst said, citing the bank's deal to buy exchange-traded fund firm Innovator Capital Management for $2 billion .

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/8/condemnation-as-israel-raids-unrwa-hq-in-east-jerusalem-removes-un-flag?traffic_source=rss
Article: Israeli forces have raided the headquarters of the United Nations Relief and Works Agency for Palestine Refugees (UNRWA) in occupied East Jerusalem, seizing items and replacing the UN flag with Israel’s flag. “The UN flag was pulled down and replaced with an Israeli flag.” UNRWA has not used the building since the beginning of the year after Israeli authorities ordered the agency to vacate all of its premises and halt operations inside Israel. Lazzarini said this follows “months of harassment that included arson attacks in 2024, hateful demonstrations and intimidation, supported by a large-scale disinformation campaign, as well as anti-UNRWA legislation passed by the Israeli parliament in breach of its international obligations”. UNRWA was forced to repatriate its international staff from Gaza and the occupied West Bank, severely limiting aid distribution at a time when Palestinians are facing extreme shortages of food and shelter amid Israel’s genocidal war on the Gaza Strip. Advertisement In October, the ICJ issued an advisory opinion reaffirming Israel’s legal obligation to support UN relief efforts in Gaza, including those carried out by UNRWA, and to cooperate with UN agencies operating in the occupied territories. ‘A dangerous precedent’ Lazzarini condemned the latest attack on UNRWA as a direct violation of international law, saying it showed “a blatant disregard of Israel’s obligation as a United Nations Member State to protect & respect the inviolability of UN premises”. “However, whatever action taken domestically, the compound retains its status as a UN premises, immune from any form of interference,” he said, adding that Israel is a signatory to the Convention on the Privileges and Immunities of the UN. UNRWA is the largest humanitarian organisation operating in Gaza and the West Bank, and also provides schooling, healthcare, social services and shelter to millions of Palestinian refugees across the Middle East. For Palestinians, the agency’s existence is tied to their internationally recognised right of return to homes from which they or their families were expelled during the creation of Israel in 1948.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/8/powerful-earthquake-strikes-off-japan-triggers-tsunami-warning?traffic_source=rss
Article: A tsunami as high as three metres (10 feet) could hit Japan’s northeastern coast after an earthquake with an estimated magnitude of 7.6 occurred offshore at 11:15pm (14:15 GMT) on Monday, the Japan Meteorological Agency (JMA) said. Tsunami warnings were issued for the prefectures of Hokkaido, Aomori and Iwate, and a tsunami of 40cm had been observed at Aomori’s Mutsu Ogawara and Hokkaido’s Urakawa ports before midnight, JMA said.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/politics/former-fort-worth-city-councilman-jared-williams-announces-run-for-county-office/287-cb7070e3-f969-4904-a646-6ac28b837177
Article: “For too long, those in power have claimed Texas is the greatest place to live, work, and play, while ignoring the reality for everyday people like us,” Williams said in the release. “We’re working harder for less, being priced out of our homes, squeezed by rising costs, and too exhausted to enjoy the life we’re trying to build.” County government can help solve the state's "affordability crisis," he added. “As the next County Commissioner, I will work to ensure that every one of our neighbors and every city in this precinct is represented — and that we collectively hold this seat together to advance our shared priorities.”

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c0r90gkzkezo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Israel's PM says second phase of Gaza peace plan is close Red Cross teams are assisting Hamas's search for the body of the last dead hostage in Gaza The US and other mediators have been applying pressure on both sides to advance to the next stages of Trump's plan. Under the second phase of President Donald Trump's plan, Israel should withdraw its troops further from Gaza as a transitional authority is set up and an international security force is deployed. Israel's Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has said a second phase of the US-brokered plan to end the war in Gaza is close - but that key issues still need to be resolved. After meeting German Chancellor Friedrich Merz in Jerusalem on Sunday, Netanyahu reiterated that Hamas rule of Gaza had to end and that the armed group had to follow through on "their commitment" to give up their weapons and for the strip to be demilitarised. Speaking to journalists, Netanyahu said that he would hold important discussions with President Trump at the end of the month on how to ensure the plan's second stage was achieved. According to Arab media reports, a Red Cross team and members of Hamas's armed wing, are resuming searches for the last remaining deceased Israeli hostage, police officer Sergeant Ran Gvili, in the Zeitoun area of Gaza City. Benjamin Netanyahu said the second phase of the peace plan would "be more difficult or equally difficult" Later, when addressing a gathering of Israeli ambassadors and diplomats, he expressed scepticism about whether a planned multinational force would be able to disarm Hamas. I don't want to go into detail, they can't do everything, and maybe they can't do the main thing, but we'll see." He went on to reiterate that Israel would ensure disarmament would happen, saying: "It can be done the easy way, it can be done the hard way. But eventually it will be done." Speaking to the Associated Press, a top Hamas official, Bassem Naim, said his group was ready for talks on "freezing or storing" its arsenal of weapons in a possible approach to one of the most challenging issues ahead. "We are open to have a comprehensive approach in order to avoid further escalations or in order to avoid any further clashes or explosions," Naim - a member of the Hamas political bureau - said in an interview in Qatar, where much of the group's leadership is based. Naim also claimed that Israel had failed to carry out key ceasefire pledges, saying Gaza had not been flooded with aid and the Rafah border crossing with Egypt had not reopened. Last week, Trump said that the second phase of the Gaza plan was "going to happen pretty soon", and on Saturday, the Qatari Prime Minister Sheikh Mohammed bin Abdul Rahman Al Thani said that "a critical moment" had been reached.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cq8deqv8e74o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Rebrand for golf course named after former prince Andrew 18 minutes ago Share Save Douglas Fraser Scotland business and economy editor Share Save Getty Images Andrew Mountbatten-Windsor was stripped of his "prince" title in October The St Andrews golf course named after the former Prince Andrew is to be rebranded. Getty Images Andrew is a keen golfer and attended the 2018 Open at Carnoustie as a spectator Andrew has given up his honorary membership, as part of his retreat from public life in the wake of the scandal about his close friendship with the paedophile and sex trafficker Jeffrey Epstein. Private estate Following a growing public outcry about his links to Epstein, Andrew was stripped of titles such as the Duke of York and his status as prince, becoming Andrew Mountbatten-Windsor.

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/12/08/nx-s1-5637270/china-trade-surplus-tariffs
Article: China's trade surplus hits $1 trillion for first time ever toggle caption STR/AFP via Getty Images/AFP China's exports to the United States dropped sharply this year in the face of President Trump's tariffs — but the country is still finding plenty of customers elsewhere around the world.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/politics/55-more-iranians-deported-from-u-s-iran-says
Article: TEHRAN, Iran (AP) — A second flight carrying Iranians deported from the United States has left America, Iranian officials said, as Washington reportedly planned to send hundreds of prisoners back to the Islamic Republic. READ MORE: Iran releases tanker and crew it seized last week A report published Monday by the Mizan news agency, the official mouthpiece of Iran’s judiciary, quoted Iranian Foreign Ministry official Mojtaba Shasti Karimi acknowledging the deportation of 55 Iranians. Immigration and Customs Enforcement declined to answer questions from The Associated Press about the flight, saying it “does not confirm or deny specific flights for operational security.” “ICE removal flights are occurring every day,” the agency added.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/08/tiger-global-new-fund-ai-valuations.html
Article: Tiger Global Management announced Monday the launch of its latest venture capital fund, Private Investment Partners 17, targeting a raise between about $2 billion and $3 billion, according to a letter to investors viewed by CNBC. The hedge fund wrote that it's expecting PIP 17 to be similar in "strategy, size and construction" to its earliest vintages and its most recent, PIP 16, which targeted $6 billion but ultimately closed at $2.2 billion.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/08/josh-brown-says-the-consumer-is-strong-these-two-best-stocks-are-ways-to-play-it.html
Article: (This is The Best Stocks in the Market , brought to you by Josh Brown and Sean Russo of Ritholtz Wealth Management.) Josh — Every quarter, the travel companies report earnings and their CEOs head out to do media, they get hit with the same question about "the state of the consumer." Reporters are begging them to finally say, after years and years, that there is some sort of pronounced, dramatic, across the board slowdown. Tourists from Europe, Latin America, India and the Middle East continue to vacation and business-trip in the United States, despite some of the worst fears about the current administration's "tone" about foreigners. But first, some list stats from the past week, and we're going to take a victory lap on Carvana , one of the first names we wrote up for you here since beginning the Best Stocks columns for CNBC Pro. Considered the highest quality airline, DAL was in a 40% drawdown circa "liberation day." This list does not catch knives, but it does add to winners and DAL has launched itself back into that category. From 2014 through October 2024, Delta achieved a 98.7% completion factor (The percentage of flights that do not get canceled or delayed) compared to United's 97.9%, and led in on-time arrivals for ten out of ten years. He emphasized that Delta focuses on " the upper tier " of the economy, noting " our consumer, our households are earning a minimum of $100,000 a year in terms of current income. The market took most of it back during the late November rotation out of momentum, but the stock has worked its way back to within 6% below that post-earnings pop. I think what I would do is set a buy stop limit (ever hear of these) on a GTC (good till canceled) basis and just let the trade happen if and when it trips the wire. Here's Expedia, which, as Sean mentioned, is also on our list: You probably think you missed it now that the stock is near record highs and has broken out well above its old 2022 highs. DISCLOSURES: (None) All opinions expressed by the CNBC Pro contributors are solely their opinions and do not reflect the opinions of CNBC, NBC UNIVERSAL, their parent company or affiliates, and may have been previously disseminated by them on television, radio, internet or another medium.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/video/newsfeed/2025/12/8/syrian-youth-embrace-political-freedoms-after-fall-of-assad?traffic_source=rss
Article: NewsFeed Syrian youth embrace political freedoms after fall of Assad One year on since the fall of Bashar al-Assad, Syria has seen new social media platforms, student movements and cultural groups emerge as spaces for debate and reform.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/8/with-flags-and-fireworks-syrians-celebrate-one-year-since-fall-of-al-assad?traffic_source=rss
Article: From fear to freedom: Syrians reflect one year after Assad Syrians have taken to the streets to celebrate the first anniversary of the removal of longtime ruler Bashar al-Assad amid renewed optimism that conditions will continue to improve as the country recovers from the effects of nearly 14 years of war. Fireworks rang out, and flags dotted cities across the country on Monday, marking one year since the al-Assad dynasty fell after a lightning 11-day offensive by opposition forces ended its 53-year rule. “From its north to its south and from its east to its west, we will rebuild a strong Syria with a structure befitting its present and its past, and we will rebuild it to support the oppressed and to establish justice among the people.” Military parades organised by the Ministry of Defence took place in Damascus and across several provinces, including in Hama, Homs and Deir Az Zor. Advertisement Repair and maintenance work began on the country’s power grid, with main cities, including Aleppo, Homs and Damascus, receiving uninterrupted electricity on a trial basis for the first time in 15 years. But while the mood in the nation is joyous, with people celebrating on the streets, chanting, singing and waving flags, “there’s a lot of work to be done”, said Al Jazeera’s Assed Baig, reporting from Aleppo. Meanwhile, millions of refugees and members of the diaspora are weighing the decision to return home and rebuild their lives after the fall of al-Assad, who fled to Russia a year ago. It also led to one of the world’s largest migration crises, with some 6.8 million Syrians, about a third of the population, fleeing the country at the war’s peak in 2021, seeking refuge wherever they could find it. And those who are abroad are afraid of coming back.” Focus inward Syria received international support on its anniversary, with United Nations chief Antonio Guterres reaffirming the organisation’s commitment to ensure the success of Syria’s political transition. Advertisement Heiko Wimmen, International Crisis Group’s project director for Iraq, Syria, and Lebanon, told Al Jazeera that while the international legitimisation of al-Sharaa has “been a spectacular success”, his government must now shift its gaze inwards. The government should primarily focus on rebuilding the economy after the lifting of international sanctions, “which takes time, because capital and investments are cautious, as they should be”, Wimmen said.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/health/kids-health/parents-refusing-vitamin-k-shots-newborns-study-finds-rcna247580
Article: In the early 1960s, hospitals in the United States began giving newborns shots of the vitamin within the first six hours of birth to prevent bleeding, including bleeding in the gastrointestinal tract or brain. Kristan Scott, a neonatologist at Children’s Hospital of Philadelphia and the leader of the study, said he and his co-authors noticed a rise in parents turning down the shot in their own practices, prompting the research. Newborns who don’t get a vitamin K shot are more than 80 times more likely to have bleeding from vitamin K deficiency than those who get the shot, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. “We are creating a population of newborns who are at risk of bleeding,” Scott said, adding that this could include anything from bruising, to losing blood when the umbilical cord is cut, to gastrointestinal bleeding. “That can ultimately cause death.” It’s unclear whether the drop in the number of infants getting the shot that doctors are seeing correlates to a rise in the number of cases of bleeding from vitamin K deficiency in infants. “We know unequivocally that when infants do not receive vitamin K, they are at increased risk of bleeding,” he said, adding that at CHOP, there has not only been an increase in vitamin K refusal, but also an increase in bleeding. However, these formulas can be inconsistent and each baby’s digestive system absorbs different amounts of the nutrient, Hand said, adding that breast milk is also not a good enough source of vitamin K to prevent deficiency. Studies in Europe have also shown that while oral vitamin K supplementation may be effective in the first week of life, it may be much less effective at preventing late-onset vitamin K deficiency bleeding, which can occur up to 6 months of age.

Link: https://www.latimes.com/politics/story/2025-12-08/after-national-guard-shooting-administration-cracks-down-on-legal-immigration
Article: Sophia Nyazi is shown with her husband, Milad Nyazi, an Afghan parolee with a pending green card application who was detained in their home in Hicksville in Long Island, N.Y., on Dec. Three uniformed Immigration and Customs Enforcement agents were downstairs at the family’s home on Long Island, N.Y., on Tuesday, according to a video reviewed by The Times that she captured from atop the staircase. The Trump administration has put into motion a broad and unprecedented set of policy changes aimed at substantially limiting legal immigration avenues, including for immigrants long considered the most vulnerable. Unfortunately, I think the administration took this one very tragic incident and politicized it as a way to shut down even legal immigration — Sharvari Dalal-Dheini, of the American Immigration Lawyers Assn. Officials also froze the processing of immigration cases of people from 19 countries the administration considers “high-risk” and will conduct case-by-case reviews of green cards and other immigration benefits given to people from those countries since former President Biden took office in 2021. Immigration lawyers say they learned that dozens of naturalization ceremonies and interviews for green cards are being canceled for immigrants from Haiti, Iran, Guinea and other countries on the list. Advertisement In a couple of cases, immigration officers told immigrants that they had been prepared to grant a green card, but were unable to do so because of the new guidance, said Gregory Chen, government relations director at American Immigration Lawyers Assn. “These are sweeping changes that exact collective punishment on a wide swath of people who are trying to do things the right way,” said Amanda Baran, former chief of policy and strategy at USCIS under the Biden administration. “The protection of this country and of the American people remains paramount, and the American people will not bear the cost of the prior administration’s reckless resettlement policies,” Joseph Edlow, director of USCIS, said in a message posted Nov. Along with undergoing routine security screening, they submitted to additional “rigorous” vetting, which included biometric and biographic checks by counterterrorism and intelligence professionals, the Department of Homeland Security said at the time. Two federal reports from 2024 and this year pointed to some failings of the screening, including data inaccuracies and the presence of 55 evacuees who were later identified on terrorism watch lists, though the latter report noted that the FBI had then followed all required processes to mitigate any potential threat. Interviews with a dozen local community advocates, immigration attorneys and family members of those detained paint an aggressive effort by the federal government to round up recent Afghan immigrants in the wake of the D.C. The USCIS Vetting Center, based in Atlanta, will “centralize enhanced vetting of aliens and allow the agency to respond more nimbly to changes in a shifting threat landscape,” the agency said. In a memorandum Tuesday outlining the pause on asylum applications and the immigration cases of people from the 19 countries also subject to a travel ban, USCIS acknowledged that the changes could result in processing delays but had determined it was “necessary and appropriate” when weighed “against the agency’s obligation to protect and preserve national security.” Advertisement Immigrants already had been on high alert as the Trump administration canceled temporary humanitarian programs, cut back refugee admissions — except for a limited number of white South African Afrikaners — and increased attempts to send those with deportation orders to countries where they have no personal connection. Nyazi questioned why Afghans are being singled out, noting that a white person allegedly assassinated Charlie Kirk, but “I don’t see any ICE agents going into white people’s houses.” Advertisement Asked why Milad Nyazi was detained, Tricia McLaughlin, assistant public affairs secretary for Homeland Security, called him a criminal, citing two arrests on suspicion of domestic violence. “Under Secretary [Kristi] Noem, DHS has been going full throttle on identifying and arresting known or suspected terrorists and criminal illegal aliens that came in through Biden’s fraudulent parole programs and working to get the criminals and public safety threats OUT of our country,” McLaughlin said in a statement. Zahra Billoo, executive director of the San Francisco Bay Area chapter of the Council on American-Islamic Relations, and others say Afghans in various stages of their legal immigration process — not only those with deportation orders — have been targeted. Paris Etemadi Scott, legal director of the Pars Equality Center in San José, said three of her clients, an Afghan mother and her two sons who are both in their early 20s, were detained Dec. Rebecca Olszewski, managing attorney at the Michigan Immigrant Rights Center, said her Afghan client, who also has a pending asylum case, reported for his monthly virtual check-in Friday and was told to show up in person the next day, where he was detained. 1, Noem posted on X that she was recommending a “a full travel ban on every damn country that’s been flooding our nation with killers, leeches, and entitlement junkies.” In a Cabinet meeting the next day, Trump referred to Somali immigrants as “garbage” who “contribute nothing.” (A few days later, Noem said the administration would expand the travel ban to more than 30 countries.) On Thanksgiving Day, Trump had said on his social media platform that he intends to “permanently pause migration from all Third World Countries” and deport those who are “non-compatible with Western Civilization.” Advertisement In recent days, a ghostly quiet has overtaken Shafiullah Hotak’s regular haunts in North Sacramento, where the Afghan population in the city is especially dense. Hotak, 38, is an Afghan immigrant who served as a program manager at refugee resettlement organization Lao Family Community Development until layoffs due to federal cuts forced him out of work in May.

Link: https://www.morningbrew.com/stories/2025/12/05/tech-gift-guide?utm_source=&utm_medium=syndication&utm_campaign=feed
Article: Your friends and family can use this handy card for a wide range of products and services, including Apple items and subscriptions to their favorite entertainment platforms: think TV, movies, and music.* Buy now Laptop power bank A heavy-duty power bank that can charge up laptops and phones on-the-go is perfect for people who travel a lot or love working from places with no outlets—whether that’s poolside or at a too-cool cafe. Buy now Rolling cable storage box This sleek storage box keeps the mayhem of cords and chargers that comes with owning a lot of devices hidden away—and protected from robot vacuums or dogs.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cm2087g0z9po?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: New mpox strain identified in England 3 hours ago Share Save Philippa Roxby Health reporter Share Save Getty Images A new strain of mpox, previously called monkeypox, has been detected in a person in England, say UK health officials. In the UK, vaccination is available for groups of people at highest risk of catching mpox: those who have multiple sexual partners those who engage in group sex those who visit sex-on-premises venues Health officials say the vaccine is 75-80% effective at protecting against mpox. Prof Trudie Lang, director of the Global Health Network at the University of Oxford, said there were "excellent systems" to identify cases and control onward infection in the UK, but in other parts of the world, in more vulnerable populations, "this is harder to achieve", where access to vaccines is not as reliable. Prof Lang said if further cases of this strain appeared in the UK and elsewhere, it would be important to understand how it's being spread and how ill it makes people, in order to assess whether it's more or less dangerous than previous strains.

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/12/08/nx-s1-5637272/paramount-warner-brothers-wbd-netflix
Article: Discovery toggle caption Evan Agostini/Evan Agostini/Invision/AP/Invision Get out your popcorn because there's more drama in the fight over the media powerhouse Warner Brothers Discovery: Paramount Global has sweetened its offer to acquire Warner by a bunch, offering an all-cash deal valued at $108 billion to take over the parent company of HBO, Warner Bros. It would appear to significantly outstrip the deal worth $83 billion that Netflix and Warner announced just last Friday, although that agreement is solely for Warner's streaming service and studios. The Ellisons are also mindful of other major movie and TV streamers, particularly Amazon, Apple, and Disney, which bulked up a few years ago by acquiring most of Fox's entertainment assets. "They have a very big market share, and when they have Warner Bros., you know, that share goes up a lot, so I don't know, that's going to be for some economists to tell and also, I'll be involved in that decision too." However, Monday morning, Trump lashed out at CBS News for a 60 Minutes interview with Trump ally-turned-critic U.S. "My real problem with the show, however, wasn't the low IQ traitor, it was that the new ownership of 60 Minutes, Paramount, would allow a show like this to air," Trump wrote Monday morning in a post on Truth Social — after the Ellisons announced their hostile bid for Warner.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/world/trump-says-zelenskyy-hasnt-read-a-u-s-authored-proposal-to-end-russia-ukraine-war
Article: READ MORE: Zelenskyy holds talks in London with European allies on U.S.-backed peace plan and security “I’m a little bit disappointed that President Zelenskyy hasn’t yet read the proposal, that was as of a few hours ago. Trump has also repeatedly urged the Ukrainians to cede land to Russia to bring an end to a now nearly four-year conflict he says has cost far too many lives.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Entertainment/wireStory/golden-globes-enter-world-podcasts-tread-carefully-avoiding-128212808
Article: The Golden Globes have introduced a best podcast category that's likely to spark conversations NEW YORK -- The Golden Globes this year introduced a best podcast category and, predictably, the nominees announced Monday will get people talking. The six nominees for the inaugural best podcast award are “Armchair Expert with Dax Shepard,” “Call Her Daddy,” “Good Hang with Amy Poehler,” “The Mel Robbins Podcast,” “SmartLess” and “Up First,” from NPR. The nominations avoided politics or controversy by passing on popular podcasts from the shortlist, such as conservative-leaning programs “The Megyn Kelly Show,” “The Tucker Carlson Show,” “The Ben Shapiro Show,” Candace Owen’s “Candace” and, most notably, “The Joe Rogan Experience,” which topped Spotify, Apple and YouTube's list of weekly podcast charts this year. The left-leaning “Pod Save America” also was snubbed, as were popular true crime podcasts like “Morbid” and “Rotten Mango.” Ben Bogardus, a professor and chair of the journalism department at Quinnipiac University, said it seemed that the Globes' voting body — after years of scandal for the beleaguered awards show — wanted to avoid any controversy, like inviting a podcast host who might show up and say something contentious. Reaction to the apparent snubbing of politics-related podcasts early Monday was light, with a handful of X users weighing in with criticism that high-ranking programs from personalities like Rogan and “manosphere” podcaster Theo Von had been left off the final cut. “If that’s how you want to pick your ‘best podcast,’ that’s certainly one starting point and one way to do it,” says Karl Hughes, a 20-year podcasting veteran who is CEO of The Podcast Consultant. Many podcast experts were left scratching their heads since the Globes didn't use any categories for its long list and was a bit murky about what constituted a best podcast. But the way it’s done, of course, is a very blunt instrument.” Controversy almost immediately ensued after the initial announcement when it was revealed that Luminate Data, an entertainment tracking and analytics company, would create the shortlist. While more digital-friendly awards shows like the Webby Awards, the Ambies, iHeartRadio and The Shorty Awards recognize podcasting, the Globes' move marks the first time podcasts have been included by a major awards show. Bogardus marveled at how the podcasting industry has grown up in the past 25 years, moving beyond its origins in radio and giving hosts freedom that content creators in other media don't have: “Going into an award show now really shows that it has come into its own as a type of communication that people consume, which can be on par with television, with radio, with streaming, with internet videos, with social media.” ___ Associated Press reporter Meg Kinnard in Columbia, South Carolina, contributed to this report.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/08/apple-chips-johny-srouji.html
Article: The memo confirming that he plans to stay at Apple comes as the company has seen several high-profile executive exits in the past weeks, raising questions about the stability of Apple's top leadership. In addition to developing the chips that enabled Apple to drop Intel from its laptops and desktops, in recent years Srouji's teams have developed a cellular modem that will replace Qualcomm's modems in most iPhones. "I know you've been reading all kind of rumors and speculations about my future at Apple, and I feel that you need to hear from me directly," Srouji wrote in the memo. "I am proud of the amazing Technologies we all build across Displays, Cameras, Sensors, Silicon, Batteries, and a very wide set of technologies, across all of Apple Products." Last week, Apple announced that its head of artificial intelligence, John Giannandrea, was stepping down.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/08/pros-are-watching-key-stock-levels-before-fed-decision-earnings-this-week.html
Article: See the full discussion above.) The Federal Reserve's final meeting of the year on Wednesday is the next big catalyst for any year-end market rally, New York Stock Exchange insider Jay Woods tells traders. Woods is watching for the S & P 500 to reach a key technical level of 6,900 — specifically, an intraday level of 6,920 — to see if the broad-market index can breach a new high on Wednesday. Woods noted that the tone of Fed Chair Jerome Powell's remarks in his Wednesday press conference, and any indications of the central bank's monetary policy in 2026, will be critical for investors. "We're gonna get that cut, but Powell has been eerily silent [about future policy], so let's see what his tone is and what he sets forth for his last three meetings." Powell's terms as Fed chair ends next May, leaving him to chair the Open Market Committee meetings scheduled for next January, March and April. Cloud infrastructure provider Oracle, set to report fiscal second-quarter results on Wednesday, has recently lost steam as worries mount over the company's nearly half a trillion in artificial intelligence deals booked with tech giants including OpenAI and Meta. The stock has slid in recent weeks after peaking at almost $346 in September, but has held a key long-term support level at $210 per share, Woods said, adding that any upbeat signals from the company's conference call could send the stock higher.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/brett-kavanaugh-confronts-trump-admin-with-concerns-in-supreme-court-case-11173742
Article: John Sauer, arguing for the Trump administration, said the Fed "follows a distinct historical tradition” and the issues related to removal restrictions at the agency would raise "their own set of unique, distinct issues." Why It Matters The case centers around Trump's decision to fire Federal Trade Commission member Rebecca Slaughter. The only officials from federal agencies who have so far survived efforts to remove them are Lisa Cook, a Fed governor, and Shira Perlmutter, a copyright official with the Library of Congress. What To Know During oral arguments, Sauer told the justices that "Humphrey's must be overruled," adding that the decision stands as an "indefensible outlier" to the Court's other precedents that has "not withstood the test of time." Liberal justices challenged Sauer's arguments, with Justice Sonia Sotomayor asking the solicitor general, “You’re asking us to overturn a case that has been around for over 100, nearly 100 years. Correct?” Supreme Court Justice Elena Kagan expressed concerns that the decision could give the president "massive, unchecked, uncontrolled power." Supreme Court Justice Ketanji Brown Jackson said Congress has established federal agencies to contain nonpartisan experts "working on certain issues for the good of the American people." "I understand that the president would rather control them, but that's not really his decision in the overall scheme of things," Jackson said. What People Are Saying Supreme Court Justice Brett Kavanaugh, during oral arguments: "The other side says that your position would undermine the independence of the Federal Reserve, and they have concerns about that, and I share those concerns. So, how would you distinguish the Federal Reserve from agencies such as the Federal Trade Commission?” Supreme Court Justice Sonia Sotomayor, during oral arguments: "You're asking us to destroy the structure of government and to take away from Congress its ability to protect its idea that the government is better structured with some agencies that are independent." What Happens Next?

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/social-security-millions-of-americans-will-get-two-payments-in-december-11174637
Article: Millions of Americans who receive Supplemental Security Income (SSI) will receive two federal payments in December, as a result of the Social Security Administration’s (SSA) payment calendar and the timing of federal holidays. The second payment—scheduled for December 31—is not a bonus or extra benefit but instead the regularly scheduled January 2026 payment issued early due to New Year’s Day being a federal holiday. Why It Matters Approximately 75 million Americans rely on Social Security and Supplemental Security Income (SSI) for essential financial support, making the program one of the nation’s most critical safety nets. For December 2025, the payment schedule is as follows: Monday, December 1: SSI payments for December Wednesday, December 3: Social Security payments for those who also receive SSI Wednesday, December 10: Social Security payments for people born between the 1st and 10th Wednesday, December 17: Payments for those born between the 11th and 20th Wednesday, December 24: Payments for those born between the 21st and 31st Wednesday, December 31: SSI payment for January 2026, paid early due to the federal holiday on January 1 This means SSI recipients will see two payments in December 2025—one for December (on December. "When the first day of the month falls on the weekend or a federal holiday, you receive your SSI payment on the last business day before the first day of the month. It does not mean that you are receiving a duplicate payment in the previous month, so you do not need to contact us to report the second payment." For 2026, the maximum federal SSI payment amounts will rise to $994 for an eligible individual, $1,491 for an eligible couple, and $498 for an essential person, reflecting the 2.8 percent COLA. SSI Schedule 2026: Early Payments Friday, January 30 : SSI payment for February 2026, paid early because February 1 falls on a Sunday Friday, February 27 : SSI payment for March 2026, paid early because March 1 falls on a Sunday Friday, July 31 : SSI payment for August 2026, paid early because August 1 falls on a Saturday Friday, October 30 : SSI payment for November 2026, paid early because November 1 falls on a Sunday Thursday, December 31: SSI payment for January 2027, paid early due to the federal holiday on January 1 What People Are Saying Social Security Administration Commissioner Frank J. Bisignano commented on the annual increase: "Social Security is a promise kept, and the annual cost-of-living adjustment is one way we are working to make sure benefits reflect today’s economic realities and continue to provide a foundation of security. The cost-of-living adjustment is a vital part of how Social Security delivers on its mission." What Happens Next The Social Security Administration will mail and electronically deliver personalized notices in December detailing the new COLA-adjusted benefit amounts effective for January 2026.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/ncaa/nick-saban-notre-dame-college-football-playoff-alabama-miami-11171942
Article: Miami slotted in as the 10th seed after a two-loss season, which included a win over Notre Dame in each team's opening contest of 2025 but did not include a trip to the ACC title game. “If we had AI [artificial intelligence], they’d have one hell of a time trying to figure out what this committee is trying to figure out with these last three or four teams,” Saban said Saturday. "And for years now, we have kept tweaking the criteria of how we select teams into the playoffs." "To me this has got to be devastating for Notre Dame's team, not to get the opportunity to play in the playoffs," Saban said. "I'm happy for the teams that got in, but I just think there was one team that was left out." Read More: Nick Saban Has Strong Reaction to Notre Dame’s College Football Playoff Snub

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nba/blake-griffin-breaks-silence-on-chris-paul-clippers-breakup-drama-11170664
Article: Paul spent six seasons with the Clippers in the 2010's, establishing himself as a franchise legend with five All-NBA and All-Star selections as well as five Top-7 finishes in MVP voting during that time. More news: Hornets Want to See More Out of Lamelo Ball Clippers president of basketball operations Lawrence Frank released a statement to ESPN following the team's decision, confirming Paul's dismissal from the team. Former NBA forward Blake Griffin spent a majority of his career with the Clippers, and made up half a dynamic duo with the "Point God." Now an NBA commentator for Prime Video, Griffin recently spoke about the Clippers' situation with Paul. "You can build a new arena, you can be at games, you can cheer on the team, you're gonna have all this high energy but at the end of the day an organization is built on a foundation of respect and it's built on how you treat people and I don't think that in this situation Chris was treated right. I'm sorta at a loss for words a little bit." More news: Hornets Looking to Trade Controversial $75 Million Star By Deadline Paul's absence from the squad adds another layer of complications to a free-falling Clippers team which has lost six of their last seven games and currently sits 14th in the Western Conference.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/wrestling/wwes-penta-receives-critical-injury-update-ahead-of-major-match-11174620
Article: On Saturday, he shared an Instagram video stating that while they have seen positive results over the last two weeks of rehab, the final decision regarding Penta's return rests with WWE management. He is set to reunite with his brother Rey Fenix as the Lucha Bros for the first time since signing with WWE at AAA's "Guerra de Titanes" event on December 20 in Guadalajara.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/ncaa/jon-gruden-calls-for-firing-of-cfp-committee-members-after-horrific-rankings-11174755
Article: Everyone seems to have an opinion on what unfolded Sunday when the College Football Playoff committee, which is made up of 12 members for the 2025-26 season, officially revealed the final 12-team field. By valuing conference champions, teams like James Madison and Tulane clinched automatic bids, while Notre Dame, Texas, BYU, and Vanderbilt—teams that would likely be heavy favorites in head-to-head matchups against those two—were left out. Pointing out these flaws on "Wake Up Barstool" was former NFL coach Jon Gruden, who even called for some committee members to be fired after the “horrific” final rankings were released. More news: Steve Sarkisian Sounds Off on Notre Dame Skipping Bowl Game After CFP Snub “The biggest shred of the day has to go to the College Football Playoff committee search team for the ‘horrific’ 12-team panel they assembled,” Gruden said. “I think a lot of these ADs that are on this committee—these are the people that are firing coaches like me left and right—some of these people need to be fired on this committee. this is ridiculous.” Prioritizing conference champions over the best 12 teams has become one of the major ongoing debates, because with the current format, teams like James Madison and Tulane are likely to sneak in from year to year—especially in seasons when a major conference, like the ACC, has a down year.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/wrestling/wwe-legend-sting-reacts-to-john-cenas-retirement-11174824
Article: John Cena's WWE retirement is rapidly approaching, with his final match to occur at "Saturday Night's Main Event." As of last week, his opponent was determined, as Gunther defeated LA Knight in the "Last Time is Now" tournament final. Read more: WWE’s The Undertaker Drops Cryptic Message Sparking Royal Rumble Buzz Sting is now on his post-wrestling retirement tour, appearing at various conventions and events, where WJXT 4's "Going Ringside" caught up with him to check in on his situation and get his thoughts on Cena's retirement. The 66-year-old former pro wrestler referred to the current version of his character as "Old Man Sting," after having so many other iterations, including "Joker Sting" and "Wolfpack Sting." He didn't hesitate to praise Ric Flair as his all-time favorite feud and celebrated AEW's Tony Khan for his final run. In addition, fans will see NXT Champion Oba Femi versus Undisputed WWE Champion Cody Rhodes and NXT's Sola Ruca versus Bayley in exhibition matches as the massive event streams live on Peacock.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/i-escaped-the-fall-of-el-fasher-now-i-care-for-other-displaced-survivors-like-me-opinion-11174975
Article: I was already living in a warzone, doing everything I could to care for my patients in a city ravaged for months by the Rapid Support Forces (RSF), during one of the deadliest wars in our country’s history.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/donald-trump-approval-rating-young-people-11172090
Article: According to AP VoteCast, the proportion of voters ages 18 to 29 who supported the Democratic presidential candidate decreased from 61 percent in the 2020 presidential election to 51 percent in 2024. For the GOP to do well in the November 2026 midterms, this trend must continue and if it doesn't, Democrats could pick up key seats and hammer the GOP's majority in the House of Representatives, affecting Trump's ability to push through his agenda. He added: "You rarely, rarely ever see swings like this." Enten said voters had turned against Trump because of the economy, something which is a key concern for American voters. Calvin Jillson, a politics professor at Southern Methodist University in Texas told Newsweek: "Trump won in 2024 because he was seen as better on the economy than Biden or Harris. In fact, jobs are tight, especially for new college graduates, and ‘affordability’ is the cudgel that Democrats will use to pound Republicans until Election Day 2026." Despite the negative findings, recent polling by The Economist/YouGov shows that while it was still underwater, Trump's net approval among adults aged 18 to 29 increased from -55 percentage points in October to -34 points in November. Meanwhile, their polling shows that Trump's net approval rating among millennial voters, roughly those born from 1981 to 1996, has increased from -19 percentage points in September to -16 points in December. What People Are Saying President Donald Trump said on Truth Social earlier in November: "So many Fake Polls are being shown by the Radical Left Media, all slanted heavily toward Democrats and Far Left Wingers…Fake News will never change, they are evil and corrupt but, as I look around my beautiful surroundings, I say to myself, 'Oh, look, I’m sitting in the Oval Office!'" What Happens Next As his presidency continues, Trump's approval rating among all groups including young people will likely fluctuate.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/trump-zelensky-russia-ukraine-peace-deal-perspective-11172335
Article: As Russian missiles and drones again slammed into Ukrainian cities over the weekend, the choreography is looking uncomfortably familiar: a White House eager to declare "peace," a Kremlin signaling just enough optimism to keep talks alive, and a Ukrainian leader trying not to be sold out by the people underwriting his survival. The question hanging over all of it is simple and brutal: is Trump’s plan a path to end Europe’s bloodiest war since 1945, or a Russian wish list in White House wrapping paper? Leaks of the document show it asks Ukraine to surrender the Donbas, accept Russian control of Crimea, and abandon any attempt to join NATO—conditions that track closely with Vladimir Putin’s maximal demands. senators say Secretary of State Marco Rubio told them the text was not really an American plan at all but a "wish list" drawn up by the Russians and passed along by Washington. Trump officials then met Ukrainian negotiators in Florida for three days, focusing on security guarantees and the status of Russian-occupied territories, while Russia simultaneously launched one of the largest drone-and-missile barrages of the war against Ukrainian cities and energy infrastructure. Zelensky counters that Ukraine’s "core positions" are understood in Washington but that no one in Kyiv can accept a deal that legitimizes Russian land grabs or leaves Ukraine without hard security guarantees. Some leaders are open to a revised plan that drops the most egregious military restrictions on Ukraine, but key figures in London, Paris and Berlin warn privately against any agreement that rewards aggression or leaves Kyiv unable to defend itself. In other words: the shooting war is grinding on, the diplomatic war is speeding up, and Trump is trying to force an endgame before either Ukraine or Europe is convinced it’s safe. Vance for "boldly defending America’s interests." Another, North Carolina Representative Pat Harrigan, argued: "We’ve spent hundreds of billions with no accountability… It’s time to put America first and end this war.." More traditional conservatives are cautiously supportive. A Wall Street Journal editorial said a "lasting peace with honor" in Ukraine would be "a laudable achievement," while urging Trump to ensure any deal preserves Ukrainian sovereignty and deters future Russian aggression. Representative Don Bacon, a Republican from Nebraska, has blasted the original plan as a "surrender document" that lacks "moral clarity" about Putin, warning it risks rewarding a dictator who "has murdered all of his opponents." Other GOP hawks have dismissed the plan as "Russia's wish list," accusing Trump of giving Putin too much leverage at the expense of a democratic ally. David French in The New York Times argued that the 28-point peace plan risked being both a "national shame" and a "strategic disaster" if it left Ukraine as essentially a vulnerable rump state stripped of territory and barred from NATO. The Kyiv Independent notes how politically toxic the plan is in Ukraine; it’s hard to see how Zelensky could sell such a deal to his own public, given that it formalizes Russian annexations without delivering credible security guarantees. Think-tank experts at Chatham House describe Trump’s pressure on Kyiv as an attempt to force through a settlement on Moscow’s terms, arguing that any plan drawn up primarily between Washington and the Kremlin risks sidelining Ukraine and fracturing the Western coalition. At the more radical end of the spectrum, figures like British MP Zarah Sultana cast both Trump and European leaders as servants of the arms industry, accusing them of prolonging the war for profit rather than principle. Zelensky on Monday briefed UK, French and German leaders in London, before heading across the English Channel to Brussels, to meet NATO officials and European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen. The front is still in eastern Ukraine, but the real fight this week is over who gets to define "peace": the man in Kyiv whose country is being dismantled, or the man in Washington who wants to be able to say he ended a war.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nfl/chiefs-trent-mcduffie-wanya-morris-injuries-texans-11172955
Article: The Kansas City Chiefs lost something close to a must-win game against the Houston Texans on "Sunday Night Football," dropping to a record of 6-7 and putting themselves on the cusp of missing the playoffs for the first time in 11 years. Head coach Andy Reid confirmed that left tackle Wanya Morris, who started against Houston because of pre-existing injuries to tackle Jawaan Taylor and guard Trey Smith, suffered a substantial leg injury and could miss time. Later in the contest, superstar cornerback Trent McDuffie went down with a knee injury that also proved serious and could compromise the Chiefs secondary down the stretch of the season. He has seen just 66 offensive snaps and 51 snaps on special teams in 2025, but his absence is a significant blow given the banged-up state of the Chiefs' offensive front. The Chiefs have just a 15% chance to make the playoffs as of Monday morning and probably need to win all four of their remaining games to have any reasonable shot at playing beyond Week 18.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/green-card-update-trump-admin-change-applications-11173207
Article: Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS) announced a change to the Employment Authorization Document (EAD)—commonly known as a work permit—for certain immigrants living in the United States, including some applying for green cards, on December 4, 2025. According to reporting from Business Insider, this could result in more frequent renewals—which would bring extra filing fees, paperwork, and a higher risk of employment gaps if processing times remain long—directly impacting job stability for green card applicants. Green card applicants—especially those working with an EAD while their green card status is pending—should plan for more frequent renewals by: Applying for EAD renewal as soon as possible (the USCIS allows renewal filing up to 180 days before the EAD expires). What People Are Saying In a statement, Joseph Edlow, director of USCIS, said: “Reducing the maximum validity period for employment authorization will ensure that those seeking to work in the United States do not threaten public safety or promote harmful anti-American ideologies. After the attack on National Guard service members in our nation’s capital by an alien who was admitted into this country by the previous administration, it’s even more clear that USCIS must conduct frequent vetting of aliens.” President Donald Trump posted this on Truth Social, in part: “These goals will be pursued with the aim of achieving a major reduction in illegal and disruptive populations, including those admitted through an unauthorized and illegal Autopen approval process.” Rahul Reddy, founding partner of Reddy Neumann Brown, told SHRM, which provides workplace news, that: “Reducing validity to 18 months could further strain USCIS processing capacity and create gaps in work authorization for lawful applicants who have long been waiting for permanent residency.” What Happens Next Affected individuals are encouraged to seek legal counsel or check the USCIS website for the latest guidance.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/billionaire-wants-to-bring-back-public-executions-11174343
Article: It’s time to bring back masculine leadership to protect our most vulnerable." Newsweek has contacted Palantir and 8VC, a company where Lonsdale currently serves as managing partner, for comment via email. While regional figures vary, such crimes have declined markedly from a peak in the early 1990s, and nationwide rates have fallen to near-historic lows in recent years according to data from the FBI. What To Know Lonsdale founded Palantir in 2003 alongside the entrepreneurs Peter Thiel, Stephen Cohen, Nathan Gettings and Alex Karp, its current CEO, and boasts a net worth of around $3.6 billion per the latest Forbes estimate. Lonsdale’s defense of public executions emerged in an X thread discussing Defense Secretary Pete Hegseth, who on Friday bragged about a "narco boat" strike he said was carried out because of the wishes of Turning Point USA Spokesman Andrew Kolvet. Masculine truth: bold, virtuous men deter evil." Lonsdale’s post has attracted significant criticism from many, with theoretical physicist Sean Carroll posting to Bluesky: "Immaturity masquerading as strength is the defining personal characteristic of our age." "Public fantasies of state violence suggest tech elites are entering a more dangerous and desperate phase of radicalization," posted Gil Duran, journalist and author of the Nerd Reich newsletter, which deals with the "tech authoritarian politics of Silicon Valley plutocrats" Lonsdale defended his position against these comments, calling himself a "moderate" who believes "in second chances," and said that he would support due process before those convicted of a third violent crime faced public execution. What People Are Saying Joe Lonsdale posted to X: "We have feminine energy running our cities and our courts," adding that "some mercy and kindness is good but it swung too far when it comes to violent criminals." Journalist Claire Lehmann posted in response: "There’s a lot of people who advocate for the public execution of CEOs and billionaires— am not sure this is something you would want to normalise."

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/pearl-harbor-is-changing-photos-show-huge-construction-project-at-navy-base-11174499
Article: response hinges on the readiness and resilience of its submarine force—much of it based at Pearl Harbor, where a surpise attack by Japan on December 7, 1941, resulted in America entering World War II. What To Know Construction on Dry Dock 5 began in August 2023, marked by a traditional Hawaiian blessing at the site—an acknowledgment of local customs and the base's significance to Hawaii’s economy and culture. Flourish | Data Visualization & Storytelling Beautiful, easy data visualization and storytelling Try this in a Custom HTML blockFlourish | Data Visualization & Storytelling Beautiful, easy data visualization and storytelling Once operational, Dry Dock 5 will ensure that Pearl Harbor can maintain the Navy’s Virginia-class and future submarine classes for the next century and a half, a requirement driven both by force structure changes and ever-growing technology demands. “Caudle witnessed firsthand the vital work being done to transport nine massive 4,600-ton concrete and steel precast floor units from Waipio Peninsula via the Pisha to their permanent location in Dry Dock 5,” the Defense Visual Information Distribution Service said in a post at the time. And its people serve in the spirit of their World War II forebears.” What Happens Next Construction is slated for completion in 2027, with the dock expected to immediately take over key maintenance functions as older submarine classes are retired and the Navy transitions to the next generation of vessels.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/fear-grips-us-naturalization-ceremonies-plucked-out-of-line-11173755
Article: Naturalization ceremonies across the United States have been thrown into confusion in recent weeks as approved citizenship applicants report being removed from oath lines or facing months-long delays despite having completed every legally required step. Why It Matters After an Afghan refugee was charged in last month’s shooting of two National Guard members in Washington, the Trump administration has clamped down on legal immigration pathways. The White House has ordered a halt to the entire immigration process for people from 19 countries previously placed under a travel ban earlier this year, and officials say the suspension is part of a broader security review. What To Know Reports from Boston, New York, Houston, and several other field offices indicate that some applicants, particularly those from countries designated “high-risk,” have been told on the day of their ceremony that they may no longer proceed. They didn’t cancel the whole ceremony.” Project Citizenship, a nonprofit supporting immigrants across Massachusetts and New England, reported that 21 of its clients have been notified this month that their oath ceremonies, the final step in becoming U.S. Raouf Vafaei, an Iranian-born mental health worker who emigrated from Austria, told The New York Times that he had completed all required steps for citizenship, including obtaining a green card, passing his civics test, and undergoing multiple background checks. “This is one wish that many people have all over the world.” Ricky Murray, a former senior USCIS official who worked at the agency until November 29, told Newsweek that the removals from oath ceremonies are only part of a much larger, systemic problem now unfolding inside the agency. "Beyond people being pulled from oath ceremonies, the significantly reduced number of expected naturalizations for the individual USCIS field offices also plays a significant role," Murray told Newsweek in a statement. Federal law requires USCIS to make a decision on an N400 naturalization application within 120 days of the applicant’s interview, either approving or denying the case, and in the situations now drawing scrutiny, the agency has already issued those decisions. "It's important to remember challenging a denial of an N400 goes to the United States Federal Courts and not to immigration courts, where DOJ has shown a willingness to adhere to the political agenda," Murray said. What People Are Saying Ricky Murray, a former senior USCIS official, told Newsweek: "It is unclear how USCIS is going to approach any notices of intent to deny these approved applications. In these cases where the applicant is pulled from the naturalization oath ceremony due to the additional scrutiny of those from the 19 “high-risk” countries, there is no individualized evidence of wrongdoing by the vast majority of these applicants. It is unclear how the USCIS could use this blanket concern to deny individual applications." “One of our clients said that she had gone to her oath ceremony because she hadn’t received the cancellation notice in time,” Gail Breslow, executive director of Project Citizenship, told GBH News. “She showed up as scheduled, and when she arrived, officers were asking everyone what country they were from, and if they said a certain country, they were told to step out of line and that their oath ceremonies were canceled.” “There is no time frame—nobody knows how long this is going to be,” immigration attorney Teresa Coles-Davila told The New York Times. “Literally, no one knows what is happening.” USCIS Director Joseph Edlow said in a statement: "Effective immediately, I am issuing new policy guidance that authorizes USCIS officers to consider country-specific factors as significant negative factors when reviewing immigration requests. American lives come first.” What Happens Next Applicants are now stuck in limbo, with some removed from ceremonies at the last moment and others waiting for months without any updates.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/red-sox-predicted-to-land-116-million-star-in-trade-at-winter-meetings-11174575
Article: The Boston Red Sox need to make a few big moves this offseason if they want to close the gap on the New York Yankees and Toronto Blue Jays in the American League East. "According to Bob Nightengale of USA Today, Marte is the 'biggest star who is a realistic candidate to be traded,' and the Red Sox are one of the teams that have checked in," Rymer wrote.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/ncaa/alabama-hit-with-troubling-prediction-after-notre-dames-cfp-snub-11174643
Article: “I’m 100% on board having Miami in because of that head to head point, but Notre Dame should have been in over Alabama,” Orlovsky said on Get Up, via On3 Sports “I understand the three losses, SEC title game, don’t penalize, let’s get rid of title games for conferences if they don’t matter. They didn’t look good against OU, shoot, they didn’t look good against LSU like five weeks ago, I think Notre Dame, unequivocally, is a team that people can sit there and say, yes, they can win a national title. The way Alabama has played, they are not a team right now, at least in the last four or five weeks, they’re not a team that can win a national championship.” Alabama will begin its College Football Playoff campaign with a road-game matchup against the No.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/donald-trump-themed-christmas-tree-targeted-vandals-11174350
Article: What To Know A Christmas tree with Trump-themed decorations was put up in the Carson Valley Museum & Cultural Center in Gardnerville, Nevada, on November 29, according to The Record-Courier. The outlet published a photograph of the tree after the reported vandalism, showing it decorated with a photo of Trump hugging an American flag, two Republican-inspired elephant stuffed toys and other red and blue baubles. The Christmas tree had been put up as part of the center's annual Gallery of Trees, an event in which schools, local organizations, businesses and individuals decorate trees and winners are awarded ribbons. When the museum staff was notified, they started searching the building to locate the missing decorations, some of which were found in the dumpster behind the building." What Happens Next Douglas County Republican Women and the Douglas County Sheriff's Office have not publicly commented on the incident, and it is unclear whether the culprit of the vandalism has been found.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nfl/patrick-mahomes-kansas-city-chiefs-playoff-chances-11172122
Article: That is a difficult statement to believe, even despite the facts behind it, as Kansas City has earned at least a berth in the AFC championship game in each of the last seven seasons -- ever since Patrick Mahomes took over as the starting quarterback in 2018. “We know the chances are getting lower and lower, but I know the guys on this team are going to give everything they have, every opportunity we get,” Mahomes said, per CBS Sports. "We’re not winning games, but that mindset the guys have in this locker room, in the games we’re not winning, you can never question the fight of this team,” Mahomes continued. But at the end of the day you can never question that [fight], and I think you’ll see that these last four weeks." The Chiefs' banged up offensive line allowed the Texans top-ranked NFL defense to hit Mahomes eight times and sack him twice.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nba/nba-announces-historic-lebron-james-after-lakers-win-over-76ers-11174245
Article: The Los Angeles Lakers welcomed back both Luka Doncic and LeBron James on Sunday after each missed Friday’s game against the Boston Celtics, and their presence proved pivotal in a 112–108 win over a healthy Philadelphia 76ers team. Following the game, the NBA announced that with the victory, James officially moved into second place all-time in total wins with 1,015, surpassing Robert Parish and trailing only Kareem Abdul-Jabbar, who sits atop the list with 1,074 wins. More news: Magic Johnson Names His Clear Favorite for NBA MVP More news: Lakers’ Luka Doncic Passes Nikola Jokic on Historic NBA List After the game, James reacted to the news of passing Parish on the historic wins list during his locker room interview. With the win, the Lakers improved to 17-6 on the season, much of it achieved without James, who was sidelined at the start of the year with a sciatic issue.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/sports/ncaa/ncaaf/unt-hires-neal-brown-head-football-coach/287-48c46137-f296-4fc0-88ac-dd7c18457be0
Article: We are confident that his leadership will position the Mean Green for sustained success, and we look forward to the impact he and his family will have on our program and our community for years to come." Brown is coming to Denton by way of Austin, where he has been serving as special assistant to Longhorns coach Steve Sarkisian.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/nation-world/starbucks-bearista-cup-how-to-get-one-merrython/507-b8d41757-6660-45ee-8240-c216240f19d7
Article: After teasing Rewards members in its app to “check back on 12/8” for another shot at owning the glass bear-shaped cup, the coffee chain has revealed the mystery as part of this year’s Starbucks for Life Merrython game. How to play Starbucks for Life Merrython For a chance to get your hands on the viral Bearista cup, customers can sign in on the Starbucks for Life page or in the app each week to get one free game play and one sweepstakes entry for that week’s drawing. You can earn up to 2 additional plays per day by either making a qualifying in-store purchase as a Rewards member, or using the no-purchase alternate entry, where you fill out a quick form online to get a play. Top sweepstakes prizes include: Starbucks for Life (4 winners): one free food or drink every day for 30 years Starbucks for a Year (50 winners): one free food or drink a day for a year Instant-win prizes include Starbucks rewards stars, free bakery items, handcrafted drinks, cake pops, coupons and digital gift cards, with millions of prizes available.

Link: https://abc7.com/post/pope-leo-xiv-gets-christmas-spirit-prayer-peace-spanish-steps-catholic-feast-immaculate-conception-day/18264197/
Article: Pope Leo XIV gets into Christmas spirit with prayer for peace at Spanish Steps ROME -- Pope Leo XIV got into the Christmas spirit Monday by taking part in a very Roman papal tradition: praying for peace at a statue of the Madonna near the Spanish Steps on the Dec. The pope got a special honor from the association of shop owners of the Via Condotti, the chic shopping street that extends from the Spanish Steps and features such brands as Bulgari, Hermes and Prada. "After the Holy Doors, may other doors now open to homes and oases of peace where dignity can flourish once more, where nonviolence can be taught, and the art of reconciliation can be learned," he said. Peter's Basilica the next morning, followed by his return to the loggia - where he first appeared as pope May 8 - to deliver his Urbi et Orbi speech (to the city and the world). Usually Holy Years, also known as Jubilees, are held every 25 years, but Leo has already announced the next one, to be celebrated in an off year - 2033 - to commemorate the 2,000th anniversary of the crucifixion and resurrection of Christ.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/czxg0k9qrddo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Two arrests after Heathrow 'pepper spray' attack The assault resulted in the partial closure of the Central Terminal Area tunnel and the Terminal 3 car park Two more people have been arrested in connection with a suitcase robbery in which pepper spray caused injuries at Heathrow Airport, the Met Police has said.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/nation/trump-says-theres-no-question-netflix-deal-to-buy-warner-bros-could-be-problematic
Article: If approved by regulators, the merger would put two of the world’s biggest streaming services under the same ownership and join Warner’s television and motion picture division, including DC Studios, with Netflix’s vast library and its production arm. “I have a lot of respect for him but it’s a lot of market share, so we’ll have to see what happens.” Asked if Netflix should be allowed to buy the Hollywood giant behind “Harry Potter” and HBO Max, the president said, “Well that’s the question.” “They have a very big market share and when they have Warner Bros., you know, that share goes up a lot so, I don’t know,” he said. But they have a very big market share.” Sarandos made no guarantees at their meeting about the merger if it is approved, Trump said, adding that the CEO is a “great person” who has “done one of the greatest jobs in the history of movies and other things.” He repeated that a merger would create a “big market share” for the company.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/08/comcast-president-unsuccessful-wbd-offer-future-of-peacock.html
Article: Mike Cavanagh, Comcast president and soon-to-be co-CEO, walked through the specifics of the proposal —and the company's thinking — during the UBS Global Media and Communications Conference on Monday, just days after Comcast was knocked out of the bidding war for Warner Bros. Comcast offered "a significant chunk of equity in a combined entertainment company," which would have put NBCUniversal — including its Universal theme parks and film studio as well as its broadcast network and streaming platform Peacock — together with Warner Bros.' studio and HBO Max, Cavanagh said.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/08/berkshire-overhauls-top-ranks-to-accelerate-shift-beyond-buffett-era-what-it-means-for-the-stock.html
Article: Berkshire Hathaway is reshaping its top ranks in one of the clearest signs yet that the conglomerate is moving away from Warren Buffett's famously hands-off operating style as Greg Abel prepares to take full control. The overhaul — including the addition of a general counsel, a new president overseeing consumer, service and retail units, and the exit of investment manager and Geico CEO Todd Combs — marks a turn toward a more centralized structure after decades in which Buffett allowed subsidiaries to run largely on their own. Some expect more turnover to come at the conglomerate as the 95-year-old legendary investor prepares to step down as CEO at the end of 2025, creating more volatility for the stock. Combs, 54, will be joining JPMorgan Chase as head of the bank's new Security and Resiliency Initiative, to find direct equity investments in the defense, aerospace, health care and energy industries. "I was not too surprised … I do not know what his role would have been under Greg Abel, both in terms of managerial responsibilities with respect to insurance and portfolio management," said David Kass, finance professor at the University of Maryland and a Berkshire shareholder. "At the relatively young age of 54, Todd has accepted a position with greater responsibility and visibility with substantial upside career potential within JP Morgan and elsewhere." Meyer Shields, Berkshire analyst at KBW, said Geico may benefit from having a full-time CEO focused solely on catching up to rival Progressive . Buffett himself." KBW downgraded Berkshire to a sell-equivalent underperform rating in October, citing "concerns surrounding macro uncertainty and Berkshire's historically unique succession risk." Shares of Berkshire fell more than 2% on Monday following the announcements. "Capital allocation has been the single biggest area of uncertainty when it comes to Berkshire, and the Combs exit will raise further questions about how the company plans to manage its massive cash/stock holdings in the post-Buffett era," Adam Crisafulli, founder of Vital Knowledge, said in a note.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/08/waymo-paid-rides-robotaxi-tesla.html
Article: "Waymo is the clear leader in autonomous driving, recently surpassing 450k trips per week with a product that is 10x safer than human drivers," Tiger Global wrote in a letter to investors announcing the launch of a new fund. This year, Waymo has also announced a slew of expansions, including its debut on freeways in three cities, and autonomous driving in cities including Miami, Dallas, Houston, San Antonio and Orlando. The latest milestone is also another sign that Waymo is continuing to push ahead of self-driving competitor Tesla , which has run limited pilots in Austin and the Bay Area. According to Tesla's latest earnings call, executives said the company hit a quarter of a million miles with its fleet in Austin, and more than one million in the Bay Area.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/video/newsfeed/2025/12/8/ukraine-firefighters-rush-to-rescue-people-pets-after-russian-strike?traffic_source=rss
Article: NewsFeed Ukraine firefighters rush to rescue people, pets after Russian strike Firefighters evacuated residents and their pets from a nine-storey apartment building in Ukraine’s Sumy region after a Russian drone strike.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/economy/2025/12/8/paramount-goes-hostile-in-its-bid-for-warner-bros-discovery?traffic_source=rss
Article: Paramount criticised the Netflix offer, saying it “exposes WBD shareholders to a protracted multi-jurisdictional regulatory clearance process with an uncertain outcome along with a complex and volatile mix of equity and cash”. “We believe they will benefit from the enhanced competition, higher content spend and theatrical release output, and a greater number of movies in theaters as a result of our proposed transaction.” Trump influence On Friday, Netflix struck a deal to buy Warner Bros Discovery, the Hollywood giant behind Harry Potter and HBO Max. Advertisement But US President Donald Trump said on Sunday that the deal struck by Netflix to buy Warner Bros Discovery “could be a problem” because of the size of the combined market share. “For him, it’s just greater control over the media.” In October, Paramount said it had bought the news and commentary website The Free Press and installed its founder, Bari Weiss, a conservative opinion writer, as the editor-in-chief of CBS News, saying it believes the country longs for news that is balanced and fact-based. It was a bold step for the television network of Walter Cronkite, Dan Rather and 60 Minutes, long viewed by many conservatives as the personification of a liberal media establishment.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/8/saudi-arabia-and-qatar-sign-high-speed-rail-deal-to-link-capitals?traffic_source=rss
Article: Saudi Arabia and Qatar have signed a formal agreement to construct high-speed rail connecting their capitals, the first project of its kind between the two Gulf states that were once deeply at odds. The project, considered one of the most significant modern infrastructure undertakings between Saudi Arabia and Qatar, marks the latest in a series of moves marking the drastic improvement in ties between the two Gulf countries in recent years. Since then, leaders from the two kingdoms have met regularly and joined forces to back diplomatic initiatives including calls for a ceasefire in Israel’s more than two-year genocidal war on Palestinians in Gaza. Riyadh also threw its support behind Qatar following Israel’s first known attack on Qatar in September, which targeted leaders of the Palestinian group Hamas, housed in a Qatari government residential complex, as they gathered to discuss a ceasefire deal proposed by United States President Donald Trump.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c8r3v5mmyp8o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: European leaders walk tightrope between backing Ukraine and keeping US on board 48 minutes ago Share Save Katya Adler BBC Europe editor Share Save Getty Images On Monday Zelensky held talks with Prime Minister Sir Keir Starmer, French President Emmanuel Macron and the German Chancellor Friedrich Merz Ukraine's President Volodymyr Zelensky has met key European allies as he faces US pressure to reach a swift peace deal with Russia. For Kyiv, the crucial, thorny issues are the question of ceding territory to Russia as part of any peace deal and obtaining strong security guarantees to ensure that Moscow respects an eventual agreement. There's concern that if Russia is "rewarded" by being given Ukrainian territory as part of a peace deal, it could feel emboldened to attack other European countries in the future. In its National Security Strategy published on Friday, the US pointed the finger of blame at Europeans over Ukraine, accusing them of having "unrealistic expectations" as to how the war might end. Although they have not publicly commented on the document, behind closed doors Europe's leaders fear Donald Trump is keen for a quick fix in Ukraine, so he can turn his attentions elsewhere. Recent incidents including unmanned drones causing chaos in civilian airports in Germany, Denmark, Belgium and elsewhere, an act of railway sabotage in Poland that could have cost lives and significant cyber-attacks across the continent have all been laid at Russia's door. German Chancellor Friedrich Merz suggested that he was "sceptical about some of the details which we are seeing in the documents coming from the US side", but added "we have to talk about it".

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/formula1/articles/c4g45j2xn26o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: I ask what he meant, and he says it was a reference to his difficult first part of the season, when his McLaren team-mate Oscar Piastri took the initiative, and the championship lead, and had won four races before Norris had taken his second. By the time of the Dutch Grand Prix at the end of August, Piastri had a 34-point lead over Norris and seemed a certain bet for the title, only for Norris to rally and overhaul it all.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c7091k5pg31o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: The quake occurred at 23:15 (14:15 GMT) at a depth of 50km (31 miles), about 80km off the coast of the Aomori region, the Japan Meteorological Agency said, while waves of 40cm (16in) were seen in some places.

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/12/08/g-s1-100970/fbi-agents-kneel-protest-lawsuit
Article: FBI agents sue after being fired for kneeling during racial justice protest toggle caption Jose Luis Magana/AP Thirteen FBI agents who were fired this year for taking a knee during racial justice protests in the heated summer of 2020 are suing the Bureau and its director, alleging unlawful retaliation. But they say as elite federal law enforcement agents, they never received training on crowd control, nor did they have riot shields, gas masks, or helmets when they faced down volatile crowds in the streets of Washington, D.C., in June 2020. Sponsor Message The lawsuit, filed in federal court in Washington on Monday, described the small group of FBI agents as vastly outnumbered and literally backed against the wall of the National Archives building as unrest swept the country over the murder of George Floyd by a Minneapolis police officer. "Mindful of the potentially catastrophic consequences, Plaintiffs knew that a split-second misjudgment by any of them could ignite an already-charged national climate and trigger further violence and unrest," said the lawsuit, filed by former Justice Department prosecutor Mary Dohrmann of the Washington Litigation Group. In their dismissal letters, Patel wrote: "You have demonstrated unprofessional conduct and a lack of impartiality in carrying out duties, leading to the political weaponization of government." Sponsor Message During his confirmation hearing, Patel told senators he would honor the internal review process. The abrupt departure of the fired agents disrupted important work, including evidence collection in Utah following the assassination of conservative activist Charlie Kirk and efforts to support the Trump administration's executive order on "Making the District of Columbia Safe and Beautiful," court papers said.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/politics/former-rep-allred-switches-from-texas-senate-race-to-a-house-comeback-bid
Article: Jasmine Crockett to become the early favorite for the Democrats’ nomination in a state that is critical for the party’s long shot hopes to reclaim a Senate majority in next year’s elections. Democrats need a net gain of four Senate seats to wrest control from Republicans next November, and Texas, a state they have long hoped to make more competitive after decades of Republican dominance, is critical to that path. He said he would instead run for the House in a newly-drawn district in the Dallas-Fort Worth area, which he previously represented in Congress before he won the Democrats’ Senate nomination in 2024 and lost the general election to Sen. An internal party battle, Allred said, “would prevent the Democratic Party from going into this critical election unified against the danger posed to our communities and our Constitution by Donald Trump and one of his Republican bootlickers.” Allred’s new district is part of the new congressional map that Texas’ GOP-run Legislature approved earlier this year as part of President Donald Trump’s push to redraw House boundaries to Republicans’ advantage. A former professional football player and civil rights attorney, Allred was among Democrats star recruits for the 2018 midterms, when the party gained a net of 40 House seats, including multiple suburban and exurban districts in Texas, to win a House majority that redefined Trump’s first presidency.

Link: https://feeds.texastribune.org/link/16799/17226322/sarah-eckhardt-texas-comptroller-democratic-primary-2026
Article: The pivot, coming on the last day to file for Texas’ 2026 primaries, ends Eckhardt’s roughly monthlong campaign for the 10th Congressional District, a Republican-leaning seat that is being vacated by Rep. “We need a Comptroller who will work to ensure every dollar is used in the best interest of everyday Texans, and who is not afraid to expose state leaders when they refuse to play by the rules and deliver affordability.” The race for the Republican nomination is more crowded.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/08/stocks-making-the-biggest-moves-midday-paramount-skydance-wave-lifesciences-confluent-more.html
Article: Check out the companies making the biggest moves midday: Wave Life Sciences — The Singapore-based biotech that trades on Nasdaq more than doubled, soaring roughly 140% , after positive interim data from a Phase 1 trial of an RNA obesity shot that cut fat but retained muscle. Structure Therapeutics — Shares of the biotech nearly doubled on Monday after the company said its obesity pill showed weight loss of as much as 11% after 36 weeks of treatment. Confluent – The Wall Street Journal published a report on Sunday that IBM is in advanced talks to seal an $11 billion deal to acquire data-infrastructure company Confluent, boosting the latter company's shares by 29%. Berkshire Hathaway — Warren Buffett 's conglomerate announced the departure of Todd Combs , investment officer and Geico CEO, who will be joining JPMorgan Chase as head of the bank's new Security and Resiliency Initiative to find direct equity investments.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/08/trump-farmer-aid-trade-tariffs-china.html
Article: Corn and soybean farmer Don Swanson prepares to harvest his corn crop as he and other Iowa farmers struggle with the effects of weather and ongoing tariffs resulting from the trade war between the U.S. President Donald Trump is set to announce on Monday that his administration is doling out a $12 billion aid package to farmers who have been squeezed by a trade war between the U.S. The president will also be joined by members of Congress and farmers who raise cattle and grow corn, cotton, sorghum, soybean, rice, wheat and potatoes, the White House official said. The administration has previously said that Beijing would hit the 12-million-ton mark during the last two months of the year, and that it would buy at least 25 million tons of soybeans in each of the next three years.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/pioneering-precision-surgery-kmuh-ceo-circle-11144934
Article: Redefining 'Minimally Invasive' Through Precision Surgery KMUH was one of the earliest institutions in Taiwan to introduce the fourth-generation Da Vinci Xi system, which significantly enhances the precision, flexibility and safety of surgical procedures. Expansion into hepatobiliary, urology and gynecology surgeries is also underway, alongside the establishment of an AI Surgical Analytics Center, which will use data platforms to predict risk and optimize surgical workflows.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/supreme-court-case-trump-rebecca-slaughter-ftc-11174770
Article: Conservative Supreme Court justices pressed lawyers Monday on why members of independent agency boards should be protected from being fired by a president without cause as the court heard arguments over the dismissal of Federal Trade Commission (FTC) member Rebecca Slaughter. Lawyer Hash Mooppan Agarwal acknowledged “competing dangers” but said the system has functioned effectively for nearly a century, warning that expanding President Donald Trump’s firing power would put “everything on the chopping block.” Justice Samuel Alito challenged that view, and Justice Amy Coney Barrett, often seen as a potential swing vote in the court's 6-3 conservative majority, said it is unclear how the structure might function decades from now. While the court has allowed many of Trump’s firings to stand for now, one exception is Federal Reserve Governor Lisa Cook, whose removal the justices are set to review in January.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nfl/los-angeles-rams-linked-blockbuster-trade-replace-matthew-stafford-11175251
Article: Los Angeles Rams quarterback Matthew Stafford may very well be the leading candidate for NFL MVP this season, as he has turned back the clock in a way that no one expected. Read more: Bears’ Caleb Williams Hit With Concerning Take Before Packers Showdown Los Angeles owns the Atlanta Falcons' first-round draft pick this coming April courtesy of a trade the two teams completed last spring, and with the Falcons being just 4-9 thus far in 2025, there's a good chance that pick may fall within the top 10. "The Rams got a gift last year when they traded back with Atlanta and picked up a future first that now sits in the top 10, and there may be no better use of it than going all-in to secure their quarterback of the future," Sikkema wrote. Should the Rams find a way to nab Mendoza, he would be joining a loaded offense that already features Puka Nacua and Davante Adams in its receiving corps, not to mention Kyren Williams at running back. Read more: Report: Eagles Make Significant Change Before Facing Chargers But even if Stafford does decide to stick around for one more year, it would definitely behoove the Rams to lock in their future quarterback now so they don't have to worry about it down the line.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/atmospheric-river-avalanche-death-risk-idaho-montana-11174327
Article: The risk is especially high for backcountry travelers and communities situated near affected slopes, underscoring the importance of timely alerts and preparedness efforts in the Northwest during winter storm events. The watch covers the Selkirk, West and East Cabinet Mountains, the Bitterroot Mountains, and Silver Valley in Bonner, Boundary, and Shoshone Counties of Idaho, as well as adjacent areas in northwestern Montana. This surge of moist air will raise the rain-snow line to about 7,000 feet, causing rain to saturate both the new snow and older, weaker layers underneath the snowpack, which significantly increases avalanche potential.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/polar-vortex-update-map-shows-states-facing-icy-blast-11175087
Article: "Another shot of arctic air is on the way for next weekend (December 12-14) across the northeastern quadrant of the United States," the NWS forecast office said in a post on X on Sunday. According to a forecast map shared by the agency, the states with the highest probability of seeing below average temperatures between December 12 and December 16 are: Maine New Hampshire Vermont Massachusetts Rhode Island Connecticut New York Pennsylvania New Jersey Delaware Maryland Virginia West Virginia Ohio Kentucky Indiana Illinois Michigan Wisconsin Meteorologists previously said that multiple waves of Arctic air associated with the polar vortex will hit the U.S. Forecasters at AccuWeather previously said the first of these waves—forecast to surge south out of Canada into the Plains, Midwest and Northeast through midmonth—moved south and east through Thursday night. "The second blast of Arctic air is expected to advance from the northern Plains today to the Midwest on Sunday and then to the East on Monday," AccuWeather meteorologist Dan Pydynowski told Newsweek on Saturday. "Yet another round of Arctic cold looks to dive southward into the northern Plains on Wednesday December 10 and then progress south and east through the upcoming weekend, December 13-14," the meteorologist said. Pydynowski added at the time that the coldest days for the Northeast and mid-Atlantic will be Saturday the 13th and Sunday the 14th, with temperatures in the afternoon possibly struggling to reach freezing both of these days in New York City.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/mets-predicted-to-sign-padres-star-pitcher-to-3-year-75-million-deal-11175167
Article: There are some big-name players on the market right now, and the Mets could look to sign two or three of the top pitchers to get back to the postseason next year. If he is open to a short-term contract, something like Bregman's three-year, $120 million deal with the Boston Red Sox last year that included opt-outs after each of the first two seasons could be a structure that King is looking for," Wells wrote. "Of the teams interested in King, the Mets make the most sense because their rotation is a mess right now, it was a huge factor in them missing the playoffs in 2025 and owner Steve Cohen isn't going to be shy about spending money." The Padres have already lost Dylan Cease to the Toronto Blue Jays in free agency this winter.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/phillies-predicted-to-lose-160-million-slugger-to-reds-at-winter-meetings-11174874
Article: Not only are the Reds serious about signing Schwarber, according to his report, but the player himself is 'interested in a possible homecoming.'" The Reds have never made a splash like it would take to sign Schwarber. He'd likely be able to slug 40 to 50 home runs each year at Great American Ballpark, and could help elevate the Reds to the top of the National League Central.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/hearts-break-family-returned-mini-goldendoodle-puppy-11174313
Article: A breeder in Michigan delivered a puppy to a family in Florida, only to get a heartbreaking call days later from the person wishing to return him because of dog allergies. In a November 7 video, Allie Mahoski, who is known on Instagram as @allieslildoods, held a 10-week-old mini goldendoodle puppy, Goldie, in her arms as she explained how she needed a new home for him. But his new owner contacted Mahoski, saying she was experiencing "severe allergies." Agreeing to take Goldie back rather than him ending up in an animal shelter, a flight nanny flew with him back to Michigan. Another added: "They always claim allergies when they don’t want the dog, so sad." A third said: "So unfortunate and unfair to that puppy." Thankfully, Mahoski said she has since found a new home for Goldie, which turned out to be a perfect match.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/entertainment/celebrity-news/meghan-markles-complex-relationship-with-her-dad-11173537
Article: Meghan and Thomas Markle are now estranged, and the Duchess of Sussex was left calling hospitals over the weekend trying to track him down after a life-or-death leg amputation in the Philippines. It all throws back into the light the complicated relationship between Meghan and a man who was once going to walk her down the aisle at her royal wedding but is now left telling the media, "I don't want to die estranged." Meghan Markle's Childhood Relationship With Thomas Markle The duchess used to speak glowingly about her father in posts on her lifestyle blog The Tig, which she closed when she joined the royal family. Our club sandwich and fruit smoothie tradition post my tap and ballet class—classes, which by the way, he religiously took me to on Saturday mornings after working 75+ hours a week as a lighting director." ... And in another quoted by the Daily Mail, she praised the "blood, sweat and tears this man (who came from so little in a small town of Pennsylvania, where Christmas stockings were filled with oranges, and dinners were potatoes and spam) invested in my future so that I could grow up to have so much." And in her Netflix series Harry & Meghan, released in 2022, Meghan said: "Even though my parents co-parented well, you think about how that informs what you grew up to be and what you want. "I was a daddy's girl my whole life and I was with him a lot." She added that: "I do remember also feeling lonely when I was a kid and wanting to have more people around." Meghan Markle's Relationship With Thomas Markle Implodes The duchess has always maintained that she had a good relationship with her father up until 2018 and the run-up to her wedding to Prince Harry, in Windsor that May. The Mail on Sunday sent a reporter to the scene of the pictures, who managed to pull CCTV footage and found evidence that he had staged them with a paparazzo for money. During the case, a filing described the letter: "The contents and character of the Letter were intrinsically private, personal and sensitive in nature: it concerned the Claimant’s relationship with her father; her constant love for and desire to protect him; the financial support she had given him (contrary to his public claim that she had not); her concerns over the state of his health; the recent breakdown of that relationship; her feelings about that breakdown and the very painful impact of his conduct upon her, in particular his dealings with the press; and her sense of betrayal over his denial of working with the paparazzi." Thomas Markle's Interviews Before the wedding, Markle kept his lips sealed about his daughter, but once he had been outed, he gave an interview to TMZ. "I've made it quite clear that until I hear from her, until she does speak to me, that I will continue to do this," he told Good Morning Britain in October 2021. This is way too childish; this is kind of silly, it's time to talk with each other, we're family." He also challenged Meghan's account of her childhood, given in a 2021 open letter she wrote in support of the Paid Leave for All campaign. "I grew up on the $4.99 salad bar at Sizzler," Meghan wrote, "it may have cost less back then (to be honest, I can't remember)—but what I do remember was the feeling: I knew how hard my parents worked to afford this because even at five bucks, eating out was something special, and I felt lucky. And as a Girl Scout, when my troop would go to dinner for a big celebration, it was back to that same salad bar or The Old Spaghetti Factory—because that's what those families could afford to do too." Her father told The Sun at the time: “She’s never, ever, ever had to worry about anything like that in her life. One fan on X, @QueenRMade1, held up Meghan's mother, Doria Ragland, as an example of a better parent in a December 6: "If you want your child not to be estranged from you, then be a Doria Ragland not a Thomas Markle." Another, @sussexopulence, wrote on X: "Thomas Markle, willingly took part in his own exploitation, and the ongoing effort to destroy his own daughter, colluding with the Daily Mail and [journalist] Caroline Graham, for over 9 years. In my opinion." A spokesperson for DMG Media, which publishes the Daily Mail and The Mail on Sunday, said in a statement: “Ms Graham has made clear that if she can do anything to facilitate contact between Mr Markle and his daughter to have a conversation, then she would be happy to do so. “Any suggestion we have ‘puppeteered’ Mr Markle is entirely false and strongly denied.” Do you have a question about King Charles III and Queen Camilla, Prince William and Princess Kate, Meghan Markle and Prince Harry, or their family that you would like our experienced royal correspondents to answer?

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nfl/stephen-a-smith-fiery-travis-kelce-prediction-kansas-city-chiefs-11175135
Article: Read more: Chiefs’ Official Chances to Make Playoffs Revealed After Texans Loss After losing to the Philadelphia Eagles in the Super Bowl last season, Kelce's future became a hot topic of conversation. “I think we all knew he just came back because of the way they went out in the Super Bowl against the Eagles.” Smith could be correct with his assessment of the situation.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/ncaa/miamis-mario-cristobal-aims-cfp-message-directly-at-notre-dame-11175020
Article: More Football: Steelers Have Already Reached Decision on Mike Tomlin’s NFL Future: Report The College Football Playoff selection committee cited Miami's head-to-head win over Notre Dame as the deciding factor in its final decision. There's so much that goes into the game of football that when you also add a committee to make decisions, it's hard on everybody." Miami will kickoff its College Football Playoff campaign with a matchup against the No.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/supreme-court-banned-books-list-texas-library-11174987
Article: Supreme Court on Monday declined to hear a challenge to a Texas county’s removal of 17 books from its public libraries, leaving in place a lower court ruling that allowed the purge. Larry the Farting Leprechaun (Five additional similar juvenile humor titles) Young adult books touching on sexuality and homosexuality Gabi, a Girl in Pieces (Three additional young adult titles in this category) Books centered on gender identity and dysphoria Being Jazz: My Life as a (Transgender) Teen Freakboy Books about the history of racism in the United States Caste: The Origins of Our Discontents They Called Themselves the K.K.K.: The Birth of an American Terrorist Group Picture book In the Night Kitchen Sex education book It’s Perfectly Normal: Changing Bodies, Growing Up, Sex and Sexual Health This is a breaking news story.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/screams-ice-agents-allegedly-drive-suv-mans-foot-11172576
Article: The family of a Vermont man in federal custody told Newsweek that immigration agents boxed him in his vehicle, shattered its window, and forced him out at gunpoint before allegedly running over his foot. We demand accountability from DHS for these false claims." His sister-in-law claimed that Paniagua Calderón was denied immediate medical assistance after the incident, saying he was "grabbed by his injured foot and thrown inside the federal vehicle." "He was denied medical care until they transported him from Vancouver to Tacoma," she said. The police department in Vancouver in Washington state said in a press release that an investigation has been opened into the incident after a review of footage of the arrest. The treatment he endured is inhumane, and we wish to prevent this from happening to anyone else." Tricia McLaughlin said in a post on X: "He walked around normally immediately after without issue and received a full medical evaluation including multiple X rays that showed ZERO fractures, dislocations or injures." What Happens Next The investigation into the incident remains ongoing, with local authorities reviewing evidence.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/nation-world/miss-jamaica-intracranial-hemorrhage-fracture-fall-off-miss-universe-stage/507-2454bdd2-197b-4a0e-a23b-1276efe008c6
Article: Henry's family posted a joint statement Monday that revealed she suffered an intracranial hemorrhage with loss of consciousness (also known as a brain bleed), a fracture, facial lacerations and other significant injuries. She was rushed to the hospital in Bangkok and "remained in critical condition under constant neurological monitoring, and continues to require 24-hour specialist supervision." Monday's update said Henry will be returning home to Jamaica in the coming days, where she will be transferred to a hospital there for more treatment and recovery. Henry, who was representing Jamaica in the Miss Universe competition this year, was strutting the stage during a preliminary round event in Thailand when she suddenly tumbled off onto the floor.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c36zk0p7xlgo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Partial victory for nurse in NHS trans changing room row 55 minutes ago Share Save Steven Brocklehurst BBC Scotland Share Save PA Media Sandie Peggie has worked for the NHS for 30 years A nurse who objected to sharing a female changing room with a transgender doctor has won a claim for harassment against NHS Fife but other allegations of discrimination and victimisation were dismissed. Sandie Peggie was suspended from her job in a hospital's A&E department after she complained about Dr Beth Upton - a biological male who identifies as a woman - using a female changing room. Dr Beth Upton accused Sandie Peggie of bullying and harrassment Sandie Peggie employment tribunal outcome - reaction and analysis The employment tribunal, which took place earlier this year, was high profile and controversial. It said the NHS should have stopped allowing Dr Upton to use the changing area until different work rotas took effect - at which point they wouldn't be working together. PA Media Dr Upton and Sandie Peggie both worked at the Victoria hospital in Kirkcaldy Following the judgement, Ms Peggie said: "I am beyond relieved and delighted that the tribunal has found that my employer Fife Health Board harassed me after I complained about having to share a female-only changing room with a male colleague. "For now, I am looking forward to spending a quiet few days with my family." In a media statement on Monday evening, Ms Peggie's legal representatives said that "due to the length of the judgement and the fact it was only received at 10am" they were not going to make a "substantive comment". A spokesperson for NHS Fife said: "NHS Fife recognises that this has been a complex and lengthy process and acknowledges the careful consideration of Judge Kemp and the tribunal panel. "The employment tribunal unanimously dismissed all of the claimant's allegations against Dr Upton and all of the allegations against the board, apart from four specific aspects of the harassment complaint. "We will now take time to work through the detail of the judgement alongside our legal team to understand fully what it means for the organisation." Scotland's first minister John Swinney said the tribunal ruling in "this complex case" was important and that his government would look at the "general issues to be learned". Mr Swinney told BBC News: "It is important to take time to consider the judgment, that is the role of NHS Fife to do so, and of course the Scottish government will consider any issues that arise out of the judgement for the taking forward of public policy in this area." Asked whether he thought Ms Peggie was right to raise the case, Swinney said that "individuals with concerns about their employment practice are free within the law to raise any concerns that they have".

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cq607q58mlyo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: From heartbreak to Baller League and Angry Ginge's Yanited 7 hours ago Share Save Abu Bakar Yasin and Naomi Clarke , BBC Newsbeat Share Save Baller League/Cameron Fillery Bryan Ly moved to Angry Ginge's team Yanited this season after a successful run with the N5 team Content creator Angry Ginge, former England captain John Terry and presenter Maya Jama - it's not a line-up you might typically expect, but the world of Baller League has them all rubbing shoulders. He tells BBC Newsbeat getting the chance to showcase his talent in front of football legends like John Terry and Ian Wright, who are among the team managers, has been "absolutely crazy". "I've had Ian Wright come up to me and be like: 'Bry you're a very good player' - these type of people, where they can recognise what I'm doing - it's crazy." Handout Bryan Ly's parents moved him and his brother to Manchester to give them the best shot of becoming professional footballers 'I honestly thought my life was over' Like many young kids growing up, becoming a professional footballer was Bryan's dream. Handout Bryan later joined non-league football club Wythenshawe at age 19 Bryan later joined non-league club Wythenshawe at age 19, and following a season at Bury FC, he returned to Wythenshawe as an attacking midfielder for this season. "But watching clips back, they're amazing footballers and a lot of fans look up to (them), so to be managed by them and to be coached by them - it was surreal." He went on to be the top goal scorer in the competition last year with 21 goals. "If you told me a year ago I would have played against an ex-Premier League defender and (tried) different things against him, I would have laughed in your face," he says. PA Media Angry Ginge manages the Yanited team at Baller League However, Bryan, who also works with a specialised programme which helps young people facing challenges in mainstream schools, says it can be tiring balancing his job and playing for two teams. "You could be pulled, you could be kicked, they might not give you the foul." Like many footballers, he's also had to contend with online abuse, but he has "got to a point where it fuels" him. Bryan says the team watched Angry Ginge, whose real name is Morgan Burtwistle, every night and he's glad the creator showed he is "actually a real human being who's got feelings", rather than just a streamer known for "shouting at a video game".

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cg7vdgn95rno?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Man who fell from hot air balloon took own life 4 hours ago Share Save Hsin-Yi Lo South East Share Save Eddie Mitchell Jesus Lato Garzon died after falling from a hot air balloon in West Sussex on 19 September A man who died after falling from a hot air balloon took his own life, an inquest has concluded. Det Sgt Elaine Keating told the coroner: "Everybody was aware there was a camera to record the flight, and the pilot asked them to look at the camera to take a photo. "Jesus turned and waved at the camera and then climbed out of the balloon." She added he then "very quickly" left the balloon and left "no opportunity" for the other passengers to stop him.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c74x9ln0y4qo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Asylum seekers, 17, sentenced for girl's rape 23 minutes ago Share Save Shannen Headley West Midlands Share Save Warwickshire Police Israr Niazal (left) and Jan Jahanzeb (right) were sentenced after admitting to the rape of a 15-year-old girl Two teenage Afghan nationals seeking asylum in the UK have each been given custodial sentences for the rape of a 15-year-old girl in Leamington Spa. "Now every time I go out I don't feel safe." She added: "Watching [other family members] feeling crushed as they believe they should have been there or done something is particularly painful for me, even though I know they couldn't have done anything to stop what happened. "I hate the fact that I am now looked at as a victim, even though that's exactly what I am." 'Horrific' At the opening of the trial, prosecutor Shawn Williams said the defendants, who each appeared in the dock assisted by their own interpreter, were unaccompanied child asylum seekers. Mr Williams told the court that video evidence showed Jahanzeb with the victim and speaking in Pashto - the official language of Afghanistan - to summon Niazal to join him. Footage from a mobile phone recovered by the police was highly distressing, Mr Williams said, adding that the victim had screamed for help but Jahanzeb had placed his hand over her mouth. In a further impact statement from the victim's mother, she said: "We have watched our vibrant, happy and confident daughter shrink down and suffer with anxiety so bad, she is often physically sick." She added of the attack: "Something broke in all of us that day." Follow BBC Coventry & Warwickshire on BBC Sounds, Facebook, X and Instagram.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/world/what-to-know-about-peace-talks-on-russias-war-in-ukraine
Article: President Donald Trump has unleashed the most extensive diplomatic effort to end the fighting in Ukraine since Russia’s full-scale invasion nearly four years ago, but Washington’s efforts have run into sharply conflicting demands by Moscow and Kyiv. READ MORE: Zelenskyy holds talks in London with European allies on U.S.-backed peace plan and security Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy is set to meet Monday with European allies as he faces U.S. Witkoff and Kushner then held several meetings with senior Ukrainian officials in Florida in an attempt to iron out the differences over a plan that has been criticized for heavily favoring Moscow. Moscow has also insisted that Ukraine abandon its bid to join NATO, limit the size of its army, grant official status to the Russian language, and recognize the Russian Orthodox Church.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/12-fbi-agents-fired-kneeling-racial-justice-protest-128215316
Article: Twelve former FBI agents fired after kneeling during a 2020 racial justice protest in Washington have sued to get their jobs back WASHINGTON -- Twelve former FBI agents fired after kneeling during a 2020 racial justice protest in Washington sued Monday to get their jobs back, saying their action had been intended to de-escalate a volatile situation and was not meant as a political gesture. But they say their decision to take a knee on June 4, 2020, days after the death of George Floyd at the hands of Minneapolis police, has been misinterpreted as political expression. “Plaintiffs were performing their duties as FBI Special Agents, employing reasonable de-escalation to prevent a potentially deadly confrontation with American citizens: a Washington Massacre that could have rivaled the Boston Massacre in 1770,” the lawsuit says. The lawsuit in federal court in Washington represents the latest court challenge to a personnel purge that has roiled the FBI, targeting both top-ranking supervisors and line agents, as Patel has worked to reshape the nation's premier law enforcement agency. Besides the kneeling agents, other employees pushed out in recent months have worked on investigations involving Trump or his allies and in one case displayed an LGBTQ+ flag in his workspace. After photographs emerged of the agents taking a knee, the FBI conducted an internal review, with the then-deputy director determining that the agents had no political motive and should not be punished. That internal process was still pending when the agents in September received terse letters telling them they were being terminated because of “unprofessional conduct and a lack of impartiality in carrying out duties, leading to the political weaponization of government.” “Defendants dismissed Plaintiffs in a partisan effort to retaliate against FBI employees that they perceived to be sympathetic to President Trump’s political opponents,” the lawsuit states. “And Defendants acted summarily to avoid creating any further administrative record that would reveal their actions as vindictive and unjustified.” The plaintiffs are among 22 agents from different squads across Washington who were deployed to downtown D.C. The lawsuit asserts that the agents were thrust into a chaotic scene, saying that a crowd recognized them as being from the FBI and “intentionally” pushed toward them, becoming “increasingly agitated" and shouting and gesturing toward them. After the crowd's attention turned to the other agents who remained standing, the other FBI employees followed suit, taking a knee in recognition that it was the “most tactically sound means to prevent violence and to maintain order.” The crowd moved on. Each Plaintiff kneeled for apolitical tactical reasons to defuse a volatile situation, not as an expressive political act.” In addition to seeking reinstatement, the lawsuit also asks for a court judgment declaring the firings as unconstitutional, backpay and other monetary damages and an expungement of personnel files related to the terminations.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Entertainment/wireStory/eric-danes-emotional-memoir-including-life-als-published-128215607
Article: According to Open Field, Dane will look back upon key moments in his life, from his first day at work on “Grey's Anatomy” to the births of his two daughters and learning that he has ALS. “I wake up every morning, and I’m immediately reminded that this is real — this illness, this challenge and that’s exactly why I’m writing this book,” Dane, 53, said in a statement issued Monday by The Open Field. “I want to capture the moments that shaped me — the beautiful days, the hard ones, the ones I never took for granted — so that if nothing else, people who read it will remember what it means to live with heart. If sharing this helps someone find meaning in their own days, then my story is worth telling.” ALS is a progressive disease that gradually destroys the nerve cells and connections needed to walk, talk, speak and breathe. “Eric wants to give his daughters and family something to be proud of, and this book will not only make them proud,” Shriver said in a statement, “but it will also help people understand what ALS is and isn’t, what happens to someone when they get it, and how we can all be compassionate partners to people suffering with neurological conditions such as this.”

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/08/apple-tim-cook-pressure-2026.html
Article: But any drama seems to have passed, with Srouji telling his staff Monday morning in a memo seen by CNBC that he isn't planning to leave Apple any time soon. Srouji is the chip design guru who kicked Intel while it was down and made in-house chips for Mac that performed a lot better, leading to a healthy surge in sales.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/08/supreme-court-conservatives-poised-to-back-trump-in-ftc-firing-case.html
Article: Supreme Court justices signaled on Monday they will uphold the legality of Donald Trump's firing of a Federal Trade Commission member and give a historic boost to presidential power while also imperiling a 90-year-old legal precedent. The justices heard about 2-1/2 hours of arguments in the Justice Department's appeal of a lower court's decision that the Republican president exceeded his authority when he moved to dismiss Democratic FTC member Rebecca Slaughter in March before her term was set to expire. Conservative Chief Justice Roberts told Amit Agarwal, a lawyer for Slaughter, that the FTC at the time of that decision was far less powerful than it is today, suggesting that the precedent is a relic of the past. "Humphrey's Executor is just a dried husk of whatever people used to think it was," Roberts said of the ruling, which rebuffed Democratic President Franklin Roosevelt's attempt to fire an FTC member over policy differences despite tenure protections given by Congress. "It was addressing an agency that had very little, if any, executive power and that may be why they were able to attract such a broad support on the court at the time," Roberts said of the unanimous ruling. "Humphrey's must be overruled," Sauer told the justices, adding that this ruling stands as an "indefensible outlier" to the court's other precedents that has "not withstood the test of time," Sauer said. Sauer said the existence of the Humphrey's Executor precedent "continues to tempt Congress to erect, at the heart of our government, a headless fourth branch insulated from political accountability and democratic control." Rebecca Slaughter, commissioner at the Federal Trade Commission, during a House Judiciary Committee hearing. "The result of what you want is that the president is going to have massive, unchecked, uncontrolled power - not only to do traditional execution, but to make law through legislative and adjudicative frameworks," Kagan told Sauer. Sauer countered that the impact would be the president "having control over the executive branch, which he must and does have under our Constitution." Overturning or narrowing Humphrey's Executor would bolster Trump's authority at a time when he already has been testing the constitutional limits of presidential powers in areas as diverse as immigration, tariffs and domestic military deployments. "Neither the king, nor parliament nor prime ministers in England at the time of the founding (of the United States) ever had an unqualified removal power," Sotomayor said, adding, "You're asking us to destroy the structure of government and to take away from Congress its ability to protect its idea that a government is better structured with some agencies that are independent." A 1914 law passed by Congress permits a president to remove FTC commissioners only for cause — such as inefficiency, neglect of duty or malfeasance in office — but not for policy differences. "We are asking the court to adhere to all of its precedents and to give effect to the collective wisdom and experience of all three branches of government," Agarwal said. By contrast, Agarwal said, the administration is "asking you to abandon precedent after precedent, after precedent." Conservative justices posed sharp questions in response to Agarwal's contention that the president has the absolute power to fire at will only the heads of U.S. They also pressed Agarwal to explain whether there were any limits on what Congress could do to transform executive departments into multi-member commissions like the one on which Slaughter served, and prevent the president from firing members at will.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/08/nextera-exxon-develop-gigawatt-data-center-for-hyperscaler.html
Article: NextEra Energy is partnering with Exxon Mobil , the country's largest oil company, to build a large data center site powered by natural gas for a potential tech customer, CEO John Ketchum told investors Monday The 1.2 gigawatt power plant would combine gas generation with Exxon's carbon capture technology to reduce emissions, according to NextEra's presentation to investors. "We're also at that same time planning for the gas to come behind it." The tech sector has primarily secured renewables and increasingly nuclear power to supply data centers in an effort to meet its climate targets.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/08/deutsche-bank-ai-model-investing.html
Article: "The initial allocations surprised us a little — but the proof will bear out over the coming year." Templeman also gave dbLumina some market data, including past performance of certain ETFs that track broad markets.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/08/momentum-is-on-the-side-of-this-mining-stock-thats-breaking-out-says-katie-stockton.html
Article: While precious metals like gold and related equities have been top-performing assets this year, the industrial metals complex has picked up in the second half, showing technical improvement as we approach 2026. The ratio of RIO to the S & P 500 Index (SPX) has the look of a bullish rounded-bottom pattern and is now supported by its rising 40-week moving average. All opinions expressed by the CNBC Pro contributors are solely their opinions and do not reflect the opinions of CNBC, NBC UNIVERSAL, their parent company or affiliates, and may have been previously disseminated by them on television, radio, internet or another medium. Fairlead Strategies undertakes no obligation to maintain or update this material based on subsequent information and events or to provide you with any additional or supplemental information or any update to or correction of the information contained herein. Fairlead Strategies or its affiliates may have positions in financial instruments mentioned, may have acquired such positions at prices no longer available, and may have interests different from or adverse to your interests or inconsistent with the advice herein.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/08/eu-commission-clears-mars-36-billion-kellanova-deal.html
Article: The European Commission has approved Mars' $36 billion bid to acquire Pringles maker Kellanova , it said on Monday, after opening a full-scale investigation into the takeover in June, citing concerns over higher prices. The takeover, among the biggest in the snacks sector, will bring under one roof brands ranging from M&Ms, Snickers and Whiskas cat food to Pringles crisps, Pop-Tarts and Kellogg's cereals. Andrew Clarke, the global president of Mars Snacking, said in an interview on Monday that the deal means more choice for consumers as the group will have nine brands with over $1 billion in sales, up from six, "with line of sight to take more above $1 billion." In terms of the deal leading to higher prices, he said Mars has not been immune to inflation, but looks to innovate and offer different product sizes to consumers. He said in response to a question about layoffs that there "will be some areas of overlap we will look at", but that Mars is looking to grow the business and invest behind the brands in the long run.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/8/2026-golden-globes-which-films-got-nominations-and-who-was-snubbed?traffic_source=rss
Article: Often seen as a bellwether for the Academy Awards, the Golden Globes honour achievements in both television and filmmaking — a distinction that, with the advent of streaming over the last two decades, has become all the murkier. Limping post-pandemic box office numbers and high-stakes mergers have also complicated the future of the motion picture industry, with streaming giants like Netflix making a play for the century-old studio Warner Bros. Paul Thomas Anderson’s political thriller One Battle After Another was a standout, making good on its star-studded cast to sweep five acting nods, plus nominations for Best Comedy, Best Director and Best Screenplay. South Korea and Brazil also broke free from the Non-English Language Film category, scoring nominations in the acting, songwriting and animation competitions for films like KPop Demon Hunters, No Other Choice and The Secret Agent. Some pieces of award bait, meanwhile, failed to deliver on their potential, including director Luca Guadagnino’s slippery, post-MeToo drama After the Hunt, which scored a single nomination for star Julia Roberts. Here is the full list of nominees: Best Motion Picture: Drama Frankenstein Hamnet It Was Just an Accident Sentimental Value Sinners The Secret Agent Best Motion Picture: Musical or Comedy Blue Moon Bugonia Marty Supreme No Other Choice Nouvelle Vague One Battle After Another Best Motion Picture: Animated Arco Demon Slayer: Kimetsu no Yaiba — Infinity Castle Elio KPop Demon Hunters Little Amelie or the Character of Rain Zootopia 2 Best Motion Picture: Non-English Language It Was Just an Accident, France No Other Choice, South Korea Sentimental Value, Norway Sirat, Spain The Secret Agent, Brazil The Voice of Hind Rajab, Tunisia Best Performance by a Female Actor in a Motion Picture: Drama Eva Victor for Sorry, Baby Jennifer Lawrence for Die My Love Jessie Buckley for Hamnet Julia Roberts for After the Hunt Renate Reinsve for Sentimental Value Tessa Thompson for Hedda Best Performance by a Male Actor in a Motion Picture: Drama Dwayne Johnson for The Smashing Machine Jeremy Allen White for Springsteen: Deliver Me from Nowhere Joel Edgerton for Train Dreams Michael B Jordan for Sinners Oscar Isaac for Frankenstein Wagner Moura for The Secret Agent Best Performance by a Female Actor in a Motion Picture: Musical or Comedy Amanda Seyfried for The Testament of Anne Lee Chase Infiniti for One Battle After Another Cynthia Erivo for Wicked: For Good Emma Stone for Bugonia Kate Hudson for Song Sung Blue Rose Byrne for If I Had Legs I’d Kick You Best Performance by a Male Actor in a Motion Picture: Musical or Comedy Advertisement Ethan Hawke for Blue Moon George Clooney for Jay Kelly Jesse Plemons for Bugonia Lee Byung-hun for No Other Choice Leonardo DiCaprio for One Battle After Another Timothee Chalamet for Marty Supreme Best Performance by a Female Actor in a Supporting Role in any Motion Picture Amy Madigan for Weapons Ariana Grande for Wicked: For Good Elle Fanning for Sentimental Value Emily Blunt for The Smashing Machine Inga Ibsdotter Lilleaas for Sentimental Value Teyana Taylor for One Battle After Another Best Performance by a Male Actor in a Supporting Role in any Motion Picture Adam Sandler for Jay Kelly Benicio del Toro for One Battle After Another Jacob Elordi for Frankenstein Paul Mescal for Hamnet Sean Penn for One Battle After Another Stellan Skarsgard for Sentimental Value Best Director for a Motion Picture Chloe Zhao for Hamnet Guillermo del Toro for Frankenstein Jafar Panahi for It Was Just an Accident Joachim Trier for Sentimental Value Paul Thomas Anderson for One Battle After Another Ryan Coogler for Sinners Best Screenplay for a Motion Picture Chloe Zhao and Maggie O’Farrell for Hamnet Jafar Panahi for It Was Just an Accident Joachim Trier and Eskil Vogt for Sentimental Value Paul Thomas Anderson for One Battle After Another Ronald Bronstein and Josh Safdie for Marty Supreme Ryan Coogler for Sinners Best Original Score for a Motion Picture Alexandre Desplat for Frankenstein Hans Zimmer for F1 Jonny Greenwood for One Battle After Another Kangding Ray for Sirat Ludwig Goransson for Sinners Max Richter for Hamnet Best Original Song for a Motion Picture Dream As One for Avatar: Fire and Ash By Miley Cyrus, Andrew Wyatt, Mark Ronson and Simon Franglen Golden for KPop Demon Hunters By Joong Gyu Kwak, Yu Han Lee, Hee Dong Nam, Jeong Hoon Seo, Park Hong Jun, Kim Eun-jae (EJAE) and Mark Sonnenblick I Lied to You for Sinners By Raphael Saadiq and Ludwig Goransson No Place Like Home for Wicked: For Good By Stephen Schwartz The Girl in the Bubble for Wicked: For Good By Stephen Schwartz Train Dreams for Train Dreams By Nick Cave and Bryce Dessner Cinematic and Box Office Achievement Avatar: Fire and Ash F1 KPop Demon Hunters Mission Impossible: The Final Reckoning Sinners Weapons Wicked: For Good Zootopia 2 Best Television Series: Drama The Diplomat Pluribus Severance Slow Horses The Pitt The White Lotus Best Television Series: Musical or Comedy Abbott Elementary The Bear Hacks Nobody Wants This Only Murders in the Building The Studio Best Limited Series, Anthology or TV Movie Adolescence All Her Fault Black Mirror Dying for Sex The Beast in Me The Girlfriend Best Performance by a Female Actor in a Television Series: Drama Bella Ramsey for The Last of Us Britt Lower for Severance Helen Mirren for MobLand Kathy Bates for Matlock Keri Russell for The Diplomat Rhea Seehorn for Pluribus Best Performance by a Male Actor in a Television Series: Drama Adam Scott for Severance Diego Luna for Andor Gary Oldman for Slow Horses Mark Ruffalo for Task Noah Wyle for The Pitt Sterling K Brown for Paradise Advertisement Best Performance by a Female Actor in a Television Series: Musical or Comedy Ayo Edebiri for The Bear Jean Smart for Hacks Jenna Ortega for Wednesday Kristen Bell for Nobody Wants This Natasha Lyonne for Poker Face Selena Gomez for Only Murders in the Building Best Performance by a Female Actor in a Limited Series, Anthology or TV Movie Amanda Seyfried for Long Bright River Claire Danes for The Beast in Me Michelle Williams for Dying for Sex Rashida Jones for Black Mirror Robin Wright for The Girlfriend Sarah Snook for All Her Fault Best Performance by a Male Actor in a Television Series: Musical or Comedy Adam Brody for Nobody Wants This Glen Powell for Chad Powers Jeremy Allen White for The Bear Martin Short for Only Murders in the Building Seth Rogen for The Studio Steve Martin for Only Murders in the Building Best Performance by a Female Actor in a Supporting Role on Television Aimee Lou Wood for The White Lotus Carrie Coon for The White Lotus Catherine O’Hara for The Studio Erin Doherty for Adolescence Hannah Einbinder for Hacks Parker Posey for The White Lotus Best Performance by a Male Actor in a Limited Series, Anthology or TV Movie Charlie Hunnam for Monster: The Ed Gein Story Jacob Elordi for The Narrow Road to the Deep North Jude Law for Black Rabbit Matthew Rhys for The Beast in Me Paul Giamatti for Black Mirror Stephen Graham for Adolescence Best Performance by a Male Actor in a Supporting Role on Television Ashley Walters for Adolescence Billy Crudup for The Morning Show Jason Isaacs for The White Lotus Owen Cooper for Adolescence Tramell Tillman for Severance Walton Goggins for The White Lotus Best Performance in Stand-Up Comedy on Television Bill Maher: Is Anyone Else Seeing This?

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/8/yemeni-separatist-group-claims-broad-control-of-south?traffic_source=rss
Article: Amr al-Bidh, a senior official of the Southern Transitional Council (STC), told the Reuters news agency on Monday that the group had extended its presence in all southern provinces – including the port of Aden, the base of the internationally-recognised government over the past decade – following a military operation codenamed “Promising Future” launched last week. “We are concentrating on unifying the operational theatre of our armed forces to enhance coordination and readiness to reinforce stability and security in the south, as well as combatting the Houthis should there be a willingness to head in this direction.” The STC’s advance marks a major shift in control in southern Yemen. The STC, which has been backed in the past by the United Arab Emirates during Yemen’s decade-old civil war, has clashed with other groups in the Saudi-backed government, which relocated to Aden after the Iran-aligned Houthis captured the capital Sanaa in 2014. Advertisement Presidential Council head Rashad al-Alimi, who briefed diplomats in Riyadh on Sunday, said in a statement on Monday that the STC’s actions across the south “undermine the legitimacy of the internationally recognised government” and violate power-sharing agreements. A UAE official told Reuters on Monday that the country’s position on Yemen “is in line with Saudi Arabia in supporting a political process” based on Gulf-backed initiatives and United Nations resolutions.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/liveblog/2025/12/8/russia-ukraine-war-live-zelenskyy-in-london-as-e3-talks-under-way?traffic_source=rss
Article: blinking-dot Live updates Live updates, Russia-Ukraine war live: E3 talks in London ‘productive’, says Zelenskyy The Ukrainian president again refuses to cede territory, says Coalition of the Willing countries to meet this week.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/fbi-protest-fired-george-floyd-kash-patel-trump-11175464
Article: Twelve former FBI agents who were fired after kneeling during a 2020 racial justice protest in Washington sued Monday to get their jobs back, saying the gesture was a split-second attempt to defuse a volatile crowd, not a political statement.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/ncaa/arizona-state-kenny-dillingham-suffer-major-transfer-portal-loss-11174177
Article: Less than two weeks removed from closing the season at 8-4 (6-2 Big 12), Arizona State is bracing for the loss of its cornerstone up front, 6'4", 310-pound starting left tackle Josh Atkins. Atkins started as Arizona State’s left tackle following his transfer from Hawaii (he began his collegiate career at Houston), and has been one of the group’s most reliable linemen over the last two seasons, starting 39 straight games. A redshirt senior, he started every game in the 2024 season, logged 760 snaps and posted an 82.9 pass blocking grade in the Big 12 Championship victory over Iowa State, the seventh-highest grade for a Big 12 tackle in any postseason game. 1 College Football Recruit Makes Final Decision on Lane Kiffin, LSU An Arlington, Texas, native, Atkins was a three-star prospect after earning first-team All-District 5A-5 honors as a senior in 2020, garnering offers from North Texas, New Mexico, San Diego State, and Houston. He initially signed with Houston (enrolled 2021), transferred to Hawaii for the 2023 season where he started 13 games, the sixth-most of any Mountain West lineman, then entered the portal again and committed to Arizona State in 2024. Read More: Big Ten Star Announces Major Career Decision After 7-5 Season Since his 2023 hire, ASU head coach Kenny Dillingham has engineered a rapid turnaround, lifting the Sun Devils from a 3-9 record to an 11-3 finish in 2024, capped by a College Football Playoff appearance and a No. That said, losing a multi-year starter and team leader creates immediate depth pressure — especially at left tackle, a premium position — and forces Dillingham into either internal reshuffling or accelerated recruiting in January and spring.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nfl/browns-kevin-stefanski-makes-major-shedeur-sanders-career-announcement-11175442
Article: More NFL: Aaron Rodgers Sends Bold Message Amid Mike Tomlin Steelers Drama As a result of his solid play, Browns head coach Kevin Stefanski has made a major announcement regarding Sanders' career.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/mlb/mlb-insider-delivers-bad-news-for-dodgers-teoscar-hernandez-11172997
Article: More news: Phillies Open to Trading Brandon Marsh, Alec Bohm: Report The Dodgers re-signed Hernandez last season to a three-year, $66 million contract that averages out to $22 million per year. Now that his bat is not making up for his poor fielding range, the Dodgers are weighing whether they should trade Hernandez one year after paying him, according to Bob Nightengale of USA Today, adding another name to a populated outfielder market. A trade of Hernandez unlocks money for the Dodgers, which could have a domino effect, allowing them to improve the outfield and other areas of need, notably the closer spot. "The Dodgers will be thrown into every single rumor because of their massive payroll, and they do have $80 million coming off the books, but the reality is that they won’t be involved in the bidding war for any of the biggest stars," Nightengale wrote. The only way they may consider making an expensive pickup is if they trade Hernandez, who’s owed $26.5 million." More news: MLB Insider Reveals Pete Alonso Impact of Mets’ Brandon Nimmo Trade There could be a handful of interested parties in Hernandez who can still hit and should provide some clutch hitting in a crucial situation. His contract will be a tough pill to swallow, but if the Dodgers can move him, the outfield could look better than ever and put Los Angeles in the driver's seat for the title.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nba/steve-kerr-breaks-silence-on-warriors-bizarre-jonathan-kuminga-decision-11172790
Article: Kuminga and the Warriors reluctantly agreed to continue over the summer after they could not find a suitable trade partner, leading the forward to sign a two-year, $46.8 million deal with a team option in the second season. Throughout his time with the Warriors, he has not been able to secure consistent playing time (he was out of Kerr's lineup during Golden State's last game of the 2024-25 regular season, but was pressed into service thanks to injuries in the playoffs), and Sunday night was another chapter in a familiar story. And so with Jimmy coming back tonight, it made sense to play the other guys ’cause they complement him really well.” More news: Warriors Linked to $54 Million Center Upgrade in Blockbuster 3-Team Trade Pitch Golden State's coaching staff and Kuminga have long butted heads over his inability to adapt his game to the Warriors' way of doing things, which revolves around selfless ball movement and consistent energy off the ball. Guys come in and out of the rotation depending on who’s available, how the team’s playing." More news: Pacers, Pelicans Linked to Massive Trade for $47 Million Champion Warriors Forward For all the latest NBA news and rumors, head over to Newsweek Sports.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nfl/dallas-cowboys-new-ceedee-lamb-update-scary-injury-11175391
Article: The Dallas Cowboys not only came up short in Week 14 on Thursday Night Football against the Detroit Lions, they also saw star wide receiver CeeDee Lamb go down with a scary concussion. Read more: Bears QB Caleb Williams Sounds Off After Loss to Green Bay With the loss to the Lions, Dallas saw its chances of making a run to the playoffs shrink quite a bit. As shared by The Athletic's Jon Machota, head coach Brian Schottenheimer said that Lamb is "doing good" and "progressing nicely." Granted, that doesn't give any idea one way or another if Lamb will be able to play on Sunday night. After facing the Vikings this week, the Cowboys will close out the season facing the Los Angeles Chargers at home, the Washington Commanders on the road, and the New York Giants on the road as well in that order.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/ncaa/deion-sanders-makes-his-heisman-preference-clear-amid-mendoza-pavia-debate-11172061
Article: Sanders knows a thing or two about the Heisman award, having coached last year's winner, Travis Hunter, who played both sides of the ball as Sanders did back in his playing days. More news: Former LSU Head Coach Reportedly Wants to Take Over CFP Contender This year's race has essentially boiled down to Indiana's Fernando Mendoza and Vanderbilt's Diego Pavia, two quarterbacks who are having stellar seasons for their respective programs. Following Conference Championship Week, Ohio State quarterback Julian Saiyan has been cast aside in the race after a lackluster showing in the Big Ten title game, leaving Mendoza and Pavia as the two frontrunners. The Vanderbilt defense also showed itself to be a strong unit, but the 10-2 record that the school earned this season came down to the quarterback and his ability to make plays regularly. However, there is still a strong case for Pavia, who arguably means more to his team than Mendoza and has led a program that has long been struggling to become a budding playoff team and an SEC powerhouse this season.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/ncaa/jon-sumrall-makes-major-coaching-staff-change-at-florida-report-11175247
Article: Billy Gonzales, who served as the Gators' interim head coach following the dismissal of Billy Napier earlier this year, will not be retained under Sumrall's staff, according to a report from college football insider Pete Nakos of On3 Sports. “My first goal is to make sure we put a fantastic group of players on that football field that are going to compete and play for the University of Florida.” More Football: Miami’s Mario Cristobal Aims CFP Message Directly at Notre Dame Gonzales helped keep the Gators' 2026 recruiting class intact as the school transitioned from Napier to Sumrall.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nfl/chicago-bears-dj-moore-bleak-trade-update-brutal-performance-11175351
Article: The Chicago Bears fell to the Green Bay Packers by a score of 28-21 in a pivotal NFC North showdown on Sunday, dropping the Bears out of first place in the division. Chicago will get another crack at the Packers at Soldier Field in a couple of weeks, but in order for the Bears to actually beat Green Bay, they will have to get a whole lot more from wide receiver D.J. Read more: Rams Linked to Blockbuster Trade to Replace Matthew Stafford Moore logged one catch for minus-3 yards on three targets in his team's Week 14 loss, a brutal performance that was made even more glaring with Rome Odunze out of the lineup due to a foot injury. On the season overall, Moore has totaled just 39 receptions for 498 yards and three touchdowns, and Gregg Rosenthal of NFL.com does not think the 28-year-old will be in the Windy City for much longer. Read more: Bears’ Caleb Williams Hit With Concerning Take Before Packers Showdown Moore spent the first five seasons of his career with the Panthers and posted three 1,000-yard campaigns during that time, so in the right situation, he is a terrific receiver.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nfl/major-update-emerges-on-kevin-stefanskis-future-as-browns-coach-11175293
Article: Sanders, who was making just his third career start, threw for 364 yards, three touchdowns, and an interception while leading the team in rushing with 29 yards and another score. More News: Jared Goff Incident Could Lead to Big NFL Fine for Cowboys Pass-Rusher Stefanski’s job security has been one of the more hotly debated topics of the last few weeks, and there’s been growing speculation that the organization could fire him before the end of the season in preparation of hitting the reset button this offseason. More News: Notre Dame Has Loophole to Avoid Repeat College Football Playoff Snub in 2026 Multiple reports indicate that Cleveland wants to finish out the season seeing what it has in Sanders as a potential quarterback of the future. If Stefanski is ultimately fired at the end of the year, multiple reports indicate that he will have a list of several suitors, including the New York Giants, lining up to speak with him.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/wrestling/former-star-claims-faction-has-been-erased-from-wwe-history-11175209
Article: The Nexus, a group of rookies from the first season of NXT, made a shocking debut in 2010 by destroying Cena and the ringside area, launching one of the most memorable feuds of that era. More news: Nikki Bella Reunites With Ex-Boyfriend At WWE Raw Slater revealed that he had inquired about the possibility of a Nexus reunion or reference, only to find that it was never seriously considered by the current regime. “Man I asked a buddy of mine who is still up there, which ya’ll might know who he is, and he said that they pretty much just swept Nexus underneath the rug, and we are not even existing anymore,” Slater said. Following Cena's departure, the WWE calendar will immediately pivot toward the "Royal Rumble" in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia, on January 31, 2026, marking the start of a new era without the 16-time World Champion.

Link: https://abc7ny.com/post/waymo-issues-voluntary-recall-recorded-texas-vehicles-will-remain-roads/18264017/
Article: Waymo issues voluntary recall after recorded issues in Texas; vehicles will remain on roads Waymo issues voluntary recall after recorded issues in Texas, vehicles will remain on roads since the software update happened in November. RELATED: Waymos stalled, confused in San Francisco as people climb, flip off from robotaxis "I think it's driving like how a lot of humans do, I think it's driving the way it should to kind of interact with other human drivers basically and for the most part it's safe, I mean there's obviously still improvements they can make it's like they're 99% there but there's still things to tweak but I think that's kind of part of the process," Waymo passenger Ethan Frommer said.

Link: https://abc7.com/post/christmas-celebrations-return-bethlehem-2-years-war-gaza/18264492/
Article: Christmas celebrations return to Bethlehem after 2 years of war in Gaza Madonna has called on Pope Leo to go to Gaza amid the ongoing humanitarian crisis, saying "bring your light to the children before it's too late." Madonna has called on Pope Leo to go to Gaza amid the ongoing humanitarian crisis, saying "bring your light to the children before it's too late." Madonna has called on Pope Leo to go to Gaza amid the ongoing humanitarian crisis, saying "bring your light to the children before it's too late." Madonna has called on Pope Leo to go to Gaza amid the ongoing humanitarian crisis, saying "bring your light to the children before it's too late." BETHLEHEM, West Bank -- For the past two Christmases, John Juka's family restaurant looked about the same as any business in Bethlehem: shuttered and eerily empty. But on Saturday evening, it bustled with families and was lit by strings of red lights, a hopeful change in the Palestinian city that's been reeling since war broke out in Gaza. "When we have 10,000 visitors and pilgrims sleeping in Bethlehem, that means the butcher is working, the supermarket is working and everybody is working," said Bethlehem Mayor Maher Nicola Canawati. "I think this sends a great message to the whole world that we Palestinians love life and we are eagerly looking forward to a peaceful solution." Some tourists return On Saturday, crowds lined with heavily armed police cheered following a prayer calling for peace, and fathers hoisted children onto their shoulders as a towering Christmas tree lit up Manger Square, near the site where Christians believe Jesus was born. "We're hopeful that we might see peace in our future." In November, tourist visits to the city reached the highest since the war began, Canawati said, and reservations suggest that hotels will be at around 70% occupancy during Christmas. On Saturday, Israel's military said its forces shot dead two Palestinian men who it said tried to ram soldiers with their vehicle at a security checkpoint in Hebron, south of Bethlehem. Montas, who paints homes in Jerusalem for a living, said he traveled six hours from his home in Ramallah, less than 20 miles (32 kilometers) away, just to reach Bethlehem. "It just feels like whatever I say, it will be useless because no one cares." Still, even he expressed cautious hope on Saturday as children ran through packs of street vendors and a mix of Christmas and Arabic music floated over the crowds.

Link: https://abc7.com/post/southwest-airlines-fine-dot-waives-11-million-biden-era-during-winter-storm-2022/18264471/
Article: "This credit structure allows for the benefits of the airline's investment to be realized by the public, rather than resulting in a government monetary penalty." The fine stemmed from a winter storm in December 2022 that paralyzed Southwest's operations in Denver and Chicago and then snowballed when a crew-rescheduling system couldn't keep up with the chaos. The Biden administration determined that Southwest had violated the law by failing to help customers who were stranded in airports and hotels, leaving many of them to scramble for other flights. Even before the settlement, the nation's fourth-biggest airline by revenue said the meltdown cost it more than $1.1 billion in refunds and reimbursements, extra costs and lost ticket sales over several months. "During the last two years, Southwest successfully completed an operational turnaround that directly benefits our customers with industry leading on-time performance and percentage of completed flights without cancellations," the company said.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cj9yz0xmvk2o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Sweaty Betty in new dispute over ad slogans 21 minutes ago Share Save Rachel Clun Business reporter Share Save Sweaty Betty/Nixi Body Ms Newton from Nixi Body spotted Sweaty Betty's advert with the "No ifs. Kelly Newton said Sweaty Betty's use of two taglines that were very similar to her firm Nixi Body's "seemed a little off", and while she could not get them trademarked she felt Sweaty Betty was "taking from" other female founders. Ms Newton, who co-founded Nixi Body in 2019, said the company has advertised its leak-proof period underwear with the lines "Keeping you moving through menstruation, motherhood and menopause" and "No leaks. But late last year a friend alerted her to a Sweaty Betty ad for its femtech range of leak-resistant and maternity leggings with the tagline "Keeping you moving through menstruation, maternity and menopause". "Legally they were within their rights to use these words, but they're words that we've used for quite a few years.” It was personal trainer Ms Cox sharing her story about dealing with the brand that made her want to speak out, Ms Newton said. Last month Ms Cox revealed that Sweaty Betty had offered her £4,000 in exchange for confidentiality over the use of the phrase "Wear The Damn Shorts" that she claims was used without crediting her in its latest campaigns.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/politics/watch-live-trump-expected-to-unveil-12-billion-farm-aid-package-as-farmers-grapple-with-tariff-pains
Article: Farmers have backed Trump politically, but his aggressive trade policies and frequently changing tariff rates have come under increasing scrutiny because of the impact on the agricultural sector and because of broader consumer worries. According to the official, who was granted anonymity to speak ahead of a planned announcement, Trump will unveil the plan Monday afternoon at a White House roundtable with Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent, Agriculture Secretary Brooke Rollins, lawmakers and farmers who grow corn, cotton, sorghum, soybeans, rice, cattle, wheat, and potatoes. WASHINGTON (AP) — President Donald Trump is planning a $12 billion farm aid package, according to a White House official — a boost to farmers who have struggled to sell their crops while getting hit by rising costs after the president raised tariffs on China as part of a broader trade war. The aid is the administration’s latest effort to defend Trump’s economic stewardship and answer voter angst about rising costs — even as the president has dismissed concerns about affordability as a Democratic “hoax.” Upwards of $11 billion is set aside for the U.S. WATCH: Trump considers $10 billion bailout for farmers as tariffs disrupt the market Soybeans and sorghum were hit the hardest by the trade dispute with China because more than half of those crops are exported each year with most of the harvest going to China. China purchases have been slow In October, after Trump met Chinese leader Xi Jinping in South Korea, the White House said Beijing had promised to buy at least 12 million metric tons of U.S. That’s only about one quarter of what administration officials said China had promised, but Bessent has said China is on track to meet its goal by the end of February. “These prices haven’t come in, because the Chinese actually used our soybean farmers as pawns in the trade negotiations,” Bessent said on CBS’ “Face the Nation,” explaining why a “bridge payment” to farmers was needed. He also had asked the Department of Justice to investigate foreign-owned meat packers he accused of driving up the price of beef, although he has not provided evidence to back his claims. On Saturday, Trump signed an executive order directing the Justice Department and Federal Trade Commission to look at “anti-competitive behavior” in food supply chains — including seed, fertilizer and equipment — and consider taking enforcement actions or developing new regulations.

Link: https://feeds.texastribune.org/link/16799/17226348/bill-ratliff-texas-lieutenant-governor-obituary
Article: “His life could be summed up in the phrase, ‘Well done, good and faithful servant,’” said the obituary shared by Thomas Ratliff, his son and former vice-chair of the State Board of Education. To his son, Ratliff’s philosophy could be captured by the quote he gave when announcing his decision to not seek a full term as lieutenant governor more than two decades ago: “I love policy-making, but I do not love politics.” Ratliff resigned from the Texas Senate in 2004.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/trump-announce-12-billion-bailout-plan-farmers-white/story?id=128214384
Article: Trump to announce $12 billion bailout plan for farmers, White House official says Donald Trump speaks during an announcement of new fuel economy standards, in the Oval Office at the White House in Washington, D.C., December 3, 2025. China agreed to purchase 12 million metric tons of soybeans in the final two months of this year and 25 million metric tons in 2026, 2027 and 2028 -- on par with levels before the trade war. Nick Oxford/Bloomberg via Getty Images New package comes after Argentina bailout controversy The administration's new actions also come on the heels of the administration's $20 billion bailout of Argentina, a move many American farmers and lawmakers on both sides of the political aisle criticized.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/alina-habba-resigns-new-jersey-us-attorney-ending/story?id=128216127
Article: A judge had ruled she was serving in the position "without lawful authority." Alina Habba resigns as New Jersey US attorney, ending legal battle over her appointment Alina Habba attends her swearing-in as interim US Attorney General for New Jersey, in the Oval Office of the White House in Washington, March 28, 2025. Despite the rulings, Habba remained in the position after Attorney General Pam Bondi named her a "Special Attorney to the Attorney General," though several judges delayed proceedings to consider the legality of her position. AP Last month, a judge threw out both criminal cases against Comey and New York Attorney General Letitia James after determining that Lindsey Halligan, a former insurance lawyer and White House aide with no prosecutorial experience, was unlawfully appointed to lead the Eastern District of Virginia U.S. While Bondi previously said the administration would appeal that ruling, as of Monday, no appeal has been filed, and last week, a grand jury rejected an effort by the administration to revive its case against James. A growing chorus of judges for the Eastern District of Virginia has raised concerns that the administration appears to be defying the order that disqualified Halligan by continuing to include her signature and title on legal filings. On Monday morning, Attorney General Bondi and Deputy Attorney General Todd Blanche issued a joint statement attacking judges for questioning Halligan's legitimacy in the role, and accused them of "engaging in an unconscionable campaign of bias and hostility." "Lindsey and our attorneys are simply doing their jobs: advocating for the Department of Justice's positions while following guidance from the Office of Legal Counsel," the statement said.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/GMA/News/video/new-video-audio-pilot-shut-off-plane-engines-128203654
Article: New video, audio of pilot who tried to shut off plane engines mid-flight There is new dashcam footage along with flight deck audio from the moments when former Alaska Airlines pilot Joseph Emerson tried to shut down the engines of a passenger plane in 2023.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/magnitude-76-quake-triggers-tsunami-japans-northern-coast-128208579
Article: A powerful 7.6-magnitude earthquake has struck off northern Japan, triggering a tsunami up to 70 centimeters high A tsunami warning is displayed on a television in Yokohama, near Tokyo, Monday, Dec. 6-magnitude earthquake struck late Monday off northern Japan, triggering a tsunami of up to 70 centimeters (27 inches) in Pacific coast communities and warnings of potentially higher surges, the Japanese Meteorological Agency said. A tsunami of 70 centimeters was measured in Kuji port in Iwate prefecture, just south of Aomori, and tsunami levels of up to 50 centimeters struck other coastal communities in the region, the agency said. The agency issued an alert for potential tsunami surges of up to 3 meters (10 feet) in some areas, and Chief Cabinet Secretary Minoru Kihara urged residents to immediately head to higher ground or take shelter inside buildings or evacuation centers until the alert is lifted. Several people were injured at a hotel in the Aomori town of Hachinohe and a man in the town of Tohoku was slightly hurt when his car fell into a hole, public broadcaster NHK reported. Satoshi Kato, a vice principal of a public high school in Hachinohe, told NHK that he was at home when the quake struck, and that glasses and bowls fell and smashed into shards on the floor.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/08/trump-alina-habba-new-jersey-prosecutor.html
Article: "As a result of the Third Circuit's ruling, and to protect the stability and integrity of the office which I love, I have decided to step down in my role as the U.S. Attorney General Pam Bondi said on X, I am saddened to accept Alina's resignation." Lindsey Halligan, another former lawyer for President Trump, was also recently disqualified by a judge from serving as the top federal prosecutor for the Eastern District of Virginia.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/08/three-more-wall-street-firms-came-out-with-bullish-2026-outlooks.html
Article: The S & P 500 has rallied nearly 17% since the beginning of 2025 and recently traded near all-time highs , even as the tariff tensions that roiled markets earlier this year play out in the Supreme Court. Easier money The Federal Reserve's interest rate cuts in September and October, and the near-universal expectation that another will come Wednesday, have also helped stocks by easing corporate borrowing costs and supporting lofty stock valuations. "At the core of what lies ahead for our 2026 target price to be achieved lies monetary policy, fiscal policy and the continuing progress of innovation and corporate earnings growth, all of which have been supportive of stock prices and are key to growing earnings and revenues in the year ahead," Oppenheimer market strategist John Stoltzfus wrote Monday in a note to clients. "Adoption is accelerating across every major sector, and while the direct P & L impact is still emerging, the breadth of use cases, scale of investment, and early operational wins suggest AI will be a key differentiator for U.S. "We see more productivity driven growth from AI adoption leading to earnings breadth improvement in 2H '26 and '27." Moreover, improved consumer sentiment might prove a third leg for the market to stand on. "With the rise in stocks over the past several years disproportionately impacting the high-end over the low-end consumer, we believe spending is likely to continue," Wolfe said in a report Monday. The average estimate among strategists on Wall Street is that the S & P 500 will reach something around 7,618 by the end of 2026, according to a regular CNBC Pro survey.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/video/newsfeed/2025/12/8/thousands-flee-thai-cambodian-border-as-deadly-clashes-reignite?traffic_source=rss
Article: NewsFeed Thousands flee Thai-Cambodian border as deadly clashes reignite Footage shows Thai civilians huddling in bunkers and Cambodian children fleeing classrooms after Thailand launched dawn airstrikes on Cambodian border forces on Monday.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/politics/justice-department/ex-trump-lawyer-alina-habba-announces-stepping-us-attorney-nj-rcna248070
Article: In a statement posted on X, Habba wrote, “as a result of the Third Circuit’s ruling, and to protect the stability and integrity of the office which I love, I have decided to step down in my role as the U.S.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/alina-habba-resigns-us-attorney-new-jersey-11175799
Article: attorney for the District of New Jersey after a federal court ruling limited her ability to remain in the post, while vowing to continue serving the Justice Department in a senior advisory role.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/wrestling/wwe-is-reportedly-moving-forward-with-big-storyline-report-11175738
Article: The animosity reached a new level after McIntyre attacked referee Dan Engler during Rhodes' match with Aleister Black, an action that led to a brawl and McIntyre's subsequent suspension by General Manager Nick Aldis. More news: Nikki Bella Reunites With Ex-Boyfriend At WWE Raw The feud took a violent turn when McIntyre ambushed Rhodes on his own tour bus, an assault that required medical attention for the champion.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/luigi-mangione-appears-in-court-after-trove-of-evidence-released-11175335
Article: Luigi Mangione returned to a New York courtroom on Monday as attorneys for the accused murderer of UnitedHealthcare CEO Brian Thompson seek to exclude evidence seized from his backpack during his arrest last year at a McDonald’s in Altoona, Pennsylvania. Mangione, who wore a dark gray suit with a light blue shirt, appeared in court before Judge Gregory Carro to continue last week’s evidence suppression hearing that had been postponed because the 27-year-old suspect was sick. Testimony resumed on Monday with Blair County First Assistant District Attorney Nichole Smith and Altoona Police Officer Christy Wasser who searched Mangione’s backpack following his arrest amid a national manhunt that lasted five days, culminating on December 9, 2024. She said Mangione had his preliminary arraignment on charges of forgery, giving false ID to law enforcement, carrying firearms without a license and tampering with records on the same day he was arrested, CBS News reported. She put on gloves to search his bag after he was taken into custody and video showed another officer asking Mangione if anything inside was concerning, prompting the suspect to indicate he would remain silent, according to CBS News. The officer testified she wanted to make sure there wasn’t a bomb inside and officers later discovered a pistol and a silencer during a more thorough search at the police station, CBS News reported. Prosecutors have said the 9mm handgun discovered in the backpack matches the weapon used in Thompson’s murder and writings in the notebook detail Mangione’s intense disdain for health insurers and ideas about killing a CEO at an investor conference. The torn piece of paper mentioned Best Buy, a USB drive, a “hot meal and water bottles,” as well as survival kit and an “intel check in” slated for December 9. The suspect also purchased a bus ticket under the name "Sam Dawson" for a trip from Philadelphia to Pittsburgh on December 4, 2024, the day Thompson was fatally shot, photos show.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nfl/pittsburgh-steelers-adam-thielen-emotional-message-debut-11175719
Article: "I found my love for the game back, just being out there playing the game I love....just thankful to be out there and thrown into a huge game and rivalry." If Thielen can get back even a small piece of the player he was just a few short years ago, Pittsburgh may have gotten a major steal.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nfl/espn-provides-eye-opening-prediction-ahead-of-bills-patriots-showdown-11171051
Article: The Buffalo Bills have been somewhat up-and-down this season, and on Sunday, it looked like they were on their way to their third loss in five games when they trailed late against the Cincinnati Bengals. The win gave them a 9-4 record, putting them two games behind the 11-2 New England Patriots, who have shocked everyone by zooming to first place in the AFC East. "The Bills lost to the Patriots in Buffalo earlier this season, so a Pats victory next week would effectively clinch the division for New England because Buffalo would be three games back with three to play and would lose the head-to-head tiebreaker," Graziano wrote. Right now, the Patriots are 8-1 against teams the Bills also have played (with Baltimore, Miami and the Jets still to come), and the Bills are 9-3 against teams the Patriots have played (with the Cleveland Browns and Jets still to come). They'd still need the Patriots to win no more than one of their final three games, all of which are against teams that currently have losing records." In other words, even if it wins on Dec. Last year, it went 13-4 and narrowly lost in the AFC Championship Game to the Kansas City Chiefs, who have been its personal Kryptonite in the playoffs over the last several years. While his pass completion percentage and passing yards per game have risen significantly this year, the rest of the team isn't producing as much as it did in 2024 on both sides of the football.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/new-gop-plan-raise-health-care-premiums-millions-americans-11175390
Article: Senator Bernie Moreno, an Ohio Republican, co-introduced the Consumer Affordability and Responsibility Enhancement (CARE) Act, which would provide a temporary ACA Premium Tax Credit extension and give Americans a two-year glide path off the COVID-era credits. I am willing to work with anyone to finally bring down costs for all Americans and hope my colleagues across the aisle will commit to doing the same.” But some are critical of how the plan would actually work when it comes to Americans’ health coverage. Especially in states where ACA coverage is already the only realistic option.” What People Are Saying Senate Appropriations Committee Chair Susan Collins, a Maine Republican, said in a statement: “Families in Maine and across the country are struggling with the high cost of health care, and we need to pursue practical solutions that increase affordability without creating sudden disruptions in coverage. This bill would help prevent unaffordable increases in health insurance premium costs for many families by extending the Affordable Care Act enhanced premium tax credits for two years and putting a reasonable income cap on these subsidies to ensure they are going to the individuals who need them.” Michael Ryan, a finance expert and the founder of MichaelRyanMoney.com, told Newsweek: “It looks a lot like messaging: claim there is a 'better plan,' let subsidies lapse, blame the other party when premiums spike, and keep promising that the real fix is just around the corner. In that sense, the plan is political insulation, not policy innovation.” “With a narrowly divided, low‑functioning Congress and broad bipartisan voter support for keeping premiums affordable, the most likely outcome is brinkmanship, last‑minute drama, and some kind of partial or short‑term patch.” Alex Beene, a financial literacy instructor for the University of Tennessee at Martin, told Newsweek: “The introduction of this proposal, among others being suggested, is a sign an increasing number of Republicans in Congress understand the severity of the tax credits from the Affordable Care Act not being extended. For millions of Americans, these tax credits have greatly helped them in being able to afford coverage, and immediate changes that eliminate them could lead to millions either having to pay dramatically more out-of-pocket or opt to not have insurance at all.” Kevin Thompson, the CEO of 9i Capital Group and the host of the 9innings podcast, told Newsweek: “On paper, that sounds like a middle-ground approach. Phasing them out for higher earners makes sense, but it ignores how easily some business owners can adjust income to stay under the limit.” What Happens Next Thompson said the chances of the new plan gaining congressional approval are “slim to none.” “Without a clear replacement or bipartisan buy-in, this plan feels more like politics as usual than a realistic path forward,” he said.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/ncaa/sec-program-fires-coach-after-missing-cfp-11175313
Article: More news: Nick Saban Drops Telling CFP Critique Amid Notre Dame Debate Instead of giving Banks another chance to turn things around in the future, given his impressive track record, the program decided that it is best for each side to go in another direction moving forward. More news: Jon Sumrall Makes Major Coaching Staff Change at Florida: Report Clearly, the level of urgency to get back to a postseason contender seems to be quite high within the Tennessee program to make such a big change after a winning season.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/inside-the-battle-against-donald-trumps-dei-purge-11175118
Article: Four former federal employees have filed the first major legal challenge to President Donald Trump’s orders eliminating federal Diversity Equity and Inclusion (DEI) programs and challenges whether a president can lawfully remove career civil servants based on perceived ideology or past equity-related duties. Why It Matters The lawsuit marks the first major legal challenge to President Donald Trump’s executive orders dismantling diversity, equity and inclusion programs across the federal government, raising fundamental questions about whether a president can target career civil servants based on perceived ideology or past equity-related work. The four plaintiffs worked in a range of roles: civil-rights compliance at the Department of Homeland Security, policy coordination at the Department of Justice, program operations at the National Institutes of Health and talent management at the Office of Personnel Management. Reuters, which first reported on the lawsuit, noted that the complaint claims Trump’s executive orders “violated thousands of workers’ rights to free speech and association” and disproportionately affected “people of color, women and non-binary people.” The plaintiffs’ lawyers further argue that “mass firings…violated federal civil service law because they targeted individual employees rather than eliminating specific positions entirely.” The lawsuit seeks reinstatement, back pay, compensatory damages and declaratory and injunctive relief. As the lawsuit moves forward, Judge Chutkan will be asked to weigh whether the plaintiffs’ terminations were lawful exercises of executive authority or, as the complaint alleges, part of a discriminatory and politically motivated purge. What People Are Saying Smith and Mahri Stainnak’s lawyers (via the MSPB complaint, echoed in the federal suit) said: “This administration was not attempting to reset priorities but to punish those it perceived supported its political opponents.” Scott Michelman, legal director of the ACLU of D.C. said: “President Trump can’t drag us back to a dark chapter in history where the government targeted people simply for their views or values.” A White House statement defending the policy: “Protecting the civil rights and expanding opportunities for all Americans is a key priority of the Trump Administration, which is why he took decisive actions to terminate unlawful DEI preferences in the federal government.” What Happens Next The Justice Department is expected to respond—most likely by moving to dismiss the case—while plaintiffs may seek a preliminary injunction to halt any further DEI-related terminations.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nfl/report-colts-get-brutal-injury-confirmation-on-daniel-jones-11175489
Article: Jones is likely going to be ready to start by Week 1 of the 2026 season, but the Colts will need to make a decision on bringing him back in the coming months.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/local/north-texas-teen-goes-from-worst-soccer-player-ever-to-playing-in-europe/287-ff561549-3905-407f-b094-2d9b2b009093
Article: I’d never even been to a soccer game.” His first time training with the local select team, there were a lot of talented kids, and Easton wasn’t one of them. I wanted to be as good as those other kids and prove that I could do it.” “We said we will continue to, we’ll pay the money, we’ll do everything we have to do to get you there if you put in the work,” said Kristie.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/nation-world/northern-lights-monday-night-see-where-latest-prediction/507-9ef50739-9972-4945-b2d8-a59f8255bb7e
Article: According to the NOAA's Space Weather Prediction Center, this time around, the aurora may become visible on Monday night over many of the northern states and some of the lower Midwest to Oregon. Eastern on Monday, the "Kp," the scale the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration uses to measure the maximum forecasted geomagnetic activity, is a six on a scale from zero to nine for Monday night's aurora forecast. But sometimes, it emits a particularly violent stream of energy known as solar wind, during solar flares or "coronal mass ejections." When these energetic solar winds hit the Earth's atmosphere, they collide with the gases in the upper atmosphere and charge them.

Link: https://abc13.com/post/houston-traffic-avenue-bridge-hit-73rd-time-2025-18-wheeler-stalls-monday-morning-txdot-says/18264615/
Article: Multiple lanes blocked after 18-wheeler stalls when it hits infamous Houston Avenue bridge Monday HOUSTON, Texas (KTRK) -- The Texas Department of Transportation is out yet again at the Houston Avenue Bridge after it was struck again on Monday morning. In an October report by ABC13, officials said the bridge is often hit because drivers ignore their designated routes or lack special permits for trucks carrying loads over 14 feet. RELATED: TxDOT delays major I-10 construction as part of White Oak Bayou Elevation Project for second time To prevent further strikes on the bridge, TXXDOT proposed the White Oak Bayou Elevation Project, which would raise I-10 above the bridge.

Link: https://abc7.com/post/new-cockpit-audio-reveals-chaos-during-terrifying-mid-air-scare-2023/18264308/
Article: New cockpit audio reveals chaos during terrifying mid-air scare in 2023 Newly-released cockpit audio captured the moment an Alaska Airlines pilot tried to shut off the engines of a flight on the way to San Francisco. Newly-released cockpit audio captured the moment an Alaska Airlines pilot tried to shut off the engines of a flight on the way to San Francisco more than two years ago. Horizon Flight 2059 was headed from Everett, Washington to the Bay Area when off-duty pilot Joseph Emerson in handcuffs, who was riding in the jumpset, reached for the fire suppression handles - a move that could have cut fuel to both engines of the aircraft. Once he was in handcuffs on the tarmac, video from inside the police vehicle showed Emerson telling an officer that he was "having a nervous breakdown." "I don't really know why," he added. After a pause, he responds: "When I saw the look on people's faces when I came, when you guys brought me out here." Investigators say Emerseon had taken psychedelic mushrooms two days prior to the incident and hadn't slept in 48 hours. The judge also called the case a "cautionary tale." Emerson has paid $60,000 in restitution and has also apologized to the crew that was on board that day and thanked them for saving the flight.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/football/articles/c8xdr8l129go?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: In the other ties involving top-flight clubs, there are two London derbies as Chelsea travel to Charlton and West Ham host Queens Park Rangers, while Fulham play Middlesbrough and Leeds take on Derby County.

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/12/08/nx-s1-5637476/trump-administration-announcing-12-billion-in-one-time-payments-to-farmers
Article: Trump administration announcing $12 billion in one-time payments to farmers toggle caption Scott Olson/Getty Images North America The Trump administration is announcing $12 billion in one-time payments to farmers in the wake of this year's tariff hikes, according to the White House. The payments are targeted at row crop farmers and will be announced during a roundtable event hosted by President Trump Monday, featuring farmers affected, Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent and Agriculture Secretary Brooke Rollins, said a White House official speaking on background because they were not authorized to speak on the record. The move comes as the administration looks to placate economic concerns from key Trump constituencies as the tariff effects play out but also on the heels of a trying few years for row crop farmers. Sponsor Message "President Trump is helping our agriculture industry by negotiating new trade deals to open new export markets for our farmers and boosting the farm safety net for the first time in a decade. Today's announcement reflects the President's commitment to helping our farmers, who will have the support they need to bridge the gap between Biden's failures and the President's successful policies taking effect," said White House spokeswoman Anna Kelly.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/show/shopping-for-holiday-gifts-online-here-are-tips-for-avoiding-scams
Article: Alissa Abdullah: So the first thing I tell people to do is take a beat, take a pause, go and do your own research on that website — on a website. If you're going to make a payment, you want to use HTTPs because the S on the end of HTTP when you're looking at the web browser, that means secure. Ali Rogin: Now, MasterCard put out a report that said that nearly half of today's consumers are likely to ignore the red flags of something being a big flashy sale. And so when they're thinking about it, they're targeting us with the — with QR codes, with flashy, you know, urgent, you've got it — you've got to click this link right now. Alissa Abdullah: We are taking, you know, before we would take a certain amount of data that we had, we would triangulate that data and then we could, from that information, say, huh, this appears to be fraudulent.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/show/small-plug-in-solar-panels-gain-traction-as-an-affordable-way-to-cut-electricity-bills
Article: Laura Klivans: At a recent online forum hosted by California's utility regulator, Eamon Hoffman, who works for the state's largest utility, PG&E, said customers must comply with regulations and pay fees as if they were setting up a rooftop system. Raymond Ward (R) Utah State Representative: We know there are safe just because they've been doing this for three or four years now and it's worked out well in Europe.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/settlement-approved-new-orleans-archdiocese-pay-hundreds-clergy-128217104
Article: A federal judge has approved a federal settlement that will clear the way for the New Orleans Archdiocese to pay at least $230 million to hundreds of victims of clergy sexual abuse Settlement approved for New Orleans Archdiocese to pay hundreds of abuse victims NEW ORLEANS -- The New Orleans Archdiocese will pay at least $230 million to hundreds of victims of clergy sexual abuse under a settlement approved Monday by a federal judge after years of negotiations.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Technology/wireStory/iceblock-app-maker-sues-trump-administration-free-speech-128216801
Article: Apple in October removed ICEBlock and other apps from its app store after Bondi said they put Immigration and Customs Enforcement officers at risk by enabling people to track ICE activity in their neighborhoods. The lawsuit also asks a federal judge to protect the Texas-based software developer from prosecution, alleging “unlawful threats made by Attorney General Bondi, Secretary of Homeland Security Kristi Noem, ICE Acting Director Todd M. Lyons, and White House Border Czar Tom Homan to criminally investigate and prosecute Aaron for his role in developing ICEBlock.” The Department of Justice didn't immediately respond to a request for comment. ICEBlock was the most widely used of the ICE-tracking apps in Apple’s app store until Bondi said in October that her office reached out to Apple “demanding that they remove ICEBlock” and claiming that it “is designed to put ICE agents at risk just for doing their jobs.” Apple soon complied, sending an email to Aaron that said it would block further downloads of the app because new information “provided to Apple by law enforcement” showed the app broke the app store rules. According to the email, which Aaron shared with The Associated Press in October, Apple said the app violated the company’s policies “because its purpose is to provide location information about law enforcement officers that can be used to harm such officers individually or as a group.”

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/08/boeing-closes-a-key-acquisition-plus-nvidia-gets-good-news-on-china-chips.html
Article: However, Boeing CFO Jay Malave said at a conference last week that upon the close of the transaction, Boeing expects to pay down $3 billion of the $4 billion of debt it's inheriting from Spirit, including $2 billion of high-yield debt and $1 billion of bank notes. With Spirit in hand and its integration underway, Boeing's next steps will be to increase 737 and 787 monthly production and deliver more planes, which is crucial to achieving its free cash flow goal. Last Tuesday, shares surged 10% after Malave guided 2026 free cash flow to the "low single-digit" billions, inclusive of a $700 million headwind tied to a Department of Justice payment. On the data front, we also get on Tuesday morning the government's Job Openings and Labor Turnover Surveys (JOLTs) for September and October (See here for a full list of the stocks in Jim Cramer's Charitable Trust.) As a subscriber to the CNBC Investing Club with Jim Cramer, you will receive a trade alert before Jim makes a trade.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/video/inside-story/2025/12/8/can-southeast-asia-cope-with-record-breaking-storms?traffic_source=rss
Article: Southeast Asia is facing one of its worst storm seasons on record, as thousands of people have died or are missing across Indonesia, the Philippines, Vietnam, Thailand and Sri Lanka. Presenter: Dareen Abughaida Guests: Alexandre Borde – Environmental economist and CEO of Cibola Partners Sehr Raheja – Programme officer for the Climate Change Programme at the Centre for Science and Environment Benjamin Horton – Dean of the School of Energy and Environment and professor of Earth Science at City University of Hong Kong

Link: https://www.bbc.co.uk/sounds/play/p0mmctzz?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: If you're in the UK, for more News and Current Affairs podcasts from the BBC, listen on BBC Sounds: https://bbc.in/4guXgXd Newscast brings you daily analysis of the latest political news stories from the BBC.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/football/articles/cr7l0egp8nxo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: The 33-year-old winger has been left out of the squad to face Inter Milan in the Champions League on Tuesday after giving an explosive interview two days ago, claiming he was "thrown under the bus" by Liverpool and his relationship with Slot had broken down. Speaking in Milan on Monday night, Slot added he had "no clue" if Salah, who signed a new two-year contract in April, had played his last game for Liverpool, but added he was a "firm believer that there is always a possibility to return for a player".

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/politics/trumps-former-lawyer-alina-habba-resigns-as-top-federal-prosecutor-in-new-jersey
Article: “This decision will not weaken the Justice Department and it will not weaken me.” In a statement posted on social media, Habba assailed the court’s ruling as political, but said she was resigning “to protect the stability and integrity” of her office. President Donald Trump’s former personal attorney, Alina Habba, resigned Monday as the top federal prosecutor for New Jersey, leaving the job after an appeals court said she had been serving in the post unlawfully. Once a partner in a small New Jersey law firm, Habba was among Trump’s most visible legal defenders during the four years he was out of power, representing him in court and frequently appearing on cable TV news as his “legal spokesperson.” But she had limited federal court experience and no experience as a prosecutor, and New Jersey’s two Democratic senators indicated they would block her confirmation in the U.S. READ MORE: Trump’s former lawyer Alina Habba’s term as New Jersey’s top federal prosecutor ends When her term expired in July, a panel of federal judges appointed one of her subordinates to the role instead. But Bondi promptly fired the replacement, blaming Habba’s removal on “politically minded judges.” A lower-court judge’s finding that Habba was unlawfully serving in the position soon triggered a monthslong legal standoff, prompting confusion and delays within New Jersey’s federal court system. Then, earlier this month, a federal appeals court in Philadelphia disqualified her from serving in the role, writing in their opinion that “the citizens of New Jersey and the loyal employees in the U.S. But the attorney general said the ruling “has made it untenable” for Habba to remain “with politicized judges pausing trials designed to bring violent criminals to justice.” “These judges should not be able to countermand the President’s choice of attorneys entrusted with carrying out the executive branch’s core responsibility of prosecuting crime,” Bondi said. The Justice Department had vowed to appeal a judge’s ruling dismissing the criminal cases against former FBI Director James Comey and New York Attorney General Letitia James on the grounds that the prosecutor who filed the charges, Lindsey Halligan, was unlawfully appointed as interim U.S. In a statement posted on X on Monday, Bondi and Deputy Attorney General Todd Blanche accused judges of engaging in an “unconscionable campaign of bias and hostility” against Halligan for questioning why she was still being identified as U.S.

Link: https://feeds.texastribune.org/link/16799/17226371/jasmine-crockett-texas-senate-democratic-primary-2026
Article: The 44-year-old’s fiery clashes with Republicans have earned her legions of social media followers and donors, turning her into one of the party’s most prolific fundraisers even as she has been passed up for multiple House leadership roles. But as Crockett began to move closer to a bid, she called both Allred and Talarico to discuss her internal polling of the race, and the prospect of forming a slate. That did not pan out; a similar effort to divide up the marquee statewide offices over the summer also failed, with too many candidates drawn to the Senate race over other contests such as governor and attorney general. “We’re building a movement in Texas — fueled by record-breaking grassroots fundraising and 10,000 volunteers who are putting in the work to defeat the billionaire mega-donors and puppet politicians who have taken over our state,” Talarico said. “Our movement is rooted in unity over division — so we welcome Congresswoman Crockett into this race.” Crockett had discussed the possibility of a Senate bid in recent weeks, especially after Republicans’ mid-decade redistricting changed the contours of her Dallas-based district. In a November interview with Politico, Crockett said she would only run for Senate if the data from her internal campaign polling showed that she could win a general election. While the Senate candidates ultimately did not work out a statewide slate, Allred’s exit leaves only two high-profile candidates vying for the nomination, lowering the chances of a May runoff. Greg Abbott, who uses a wheelchair, as “Governor Hot Wheels.” Crockett has also been a regular target of President Donald Trump, who disparages her more often than nearly any other House Democrat, further heightening her profile. Paxton turned her entry into the race into an attack on Cornyn, saying on X that “everyone knows Crockett will be soundly defeated” and that Cornyn’s continued spending in the Republican primary would be better spent in more competitive states. The party is optimistic about the combination of a midterm election while Trump is president — which produced Democrats’ closest statewide margin in decades in 2018 — and the prospect of facing Paxton, a Republican candidate with legal and ethical baggage. Republicans redrew the congressional map over the summer to shrink the number of blue-leaning seats in the Dallas-Fort Worth Metroplex from three to two, meaning at least one of the region’s Democrats would be out of Congress come 2027.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/video/watch-camera-capture-demise-livestreaming-kilauea-eruption-128215958
Article: Watch a camera capture its own demise while livestreaming the Kilauea eruption A USGS camera inside Kilauea’s Halemaʻumaʻu crater in Hawaii was overtaken by lava as the volcano sent fountains up to 1,000 feet into the air, officials said.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/8/fbi-agents-allege-wrongful-termination-for-kneeling-during-us-protest?traffic_source=rss
Article: Twelve former agents with the US Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) have filed a lawsuit alleging wrongful termination by the administration of US President Donald Trump for the act of taking a knee during racial justice protests in Washington DC, in 2020. The lawsuit, filed in a US District Court on Monday, states that the agents were fired as part of a politicised “campaign of retribution” by the Trump administration over perceived sympathy for the protests, prompted by the police killing of George Floyd. The lawsuit states that Trump had attacked the agents, nine of whom are women, on social media before returning to the White House in 2024 and that FBI Director Kash Patel was intent on firing them, despite a previous review by FBI officials who concluded that the agents had kneeled to help ease tensions rather than as an act of support. Advertisement It states that the agents had encountered a hostile crowd and that by kneeling, they may have avoided a “deadly confrontation” that “could have rivalled the Boston Massacre in 1770”, a reference to the shooting of protesters by British forces in Boston before the American Revolution.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/betting/boom-fantasy-promo-code-newsweek-claim-100-bonus-for-eagles-chargers-11176182
Article: Choose over or under several of the following markets on Monday night: Jalen Hurts: 195.5 passing yards Justin Herbert: 1.5 passing TDs Saquon Barkley: 70.5 rushing yards Ladd McConkey: 52.5 receiving yards A.J. Brown: 0.5 rush + rec TDs Omarion Hampton: 11.5 rushing attempts Keenan Allen: 8.5 fantasy points DeVonta Smith: 4.5 receptions Kimani Vidal: 35.5 rushing yards Quentin Johnston: 33.5 receiving yards There are new in-app bonuses to use every day on this fantasy app. How To Register With Boom Fantasy Promo Code Unlock a welcome offer on a popular daily fantasy sports app by taking these easy steps: Follow the links on this page to use the Boom Fantasy promo code NEWSWEEK.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/winter-storm-delays-tax-payments-for-thousands-of-people-11175921
Article: If travel is absolutely necessary, drive with extreme caution and be prepared for sudden changes in visibility," NWS Blacksburg, which is the forecast office for Lynchburg, said in a winter storm warning. As outlined in the city's official update, the closure triggered an extension for the second installment of personal property tax payments, moving the deadline from December 8 to December 9. Residents were provided various options for payment, including online, at kiosks, or using the City Hall drop box on the 10th Street side, with teller windows scheduled to reopen on December 9 at 8:30 a.m. The winter weather also resulted in the closure of both Lynchburg Public Library branches, the Lynchburg Museum & Visitor Center, all Neighborhood Centers operated by Parks & Recreation, the Miller Center and Concord Turnpike Convenience Center for the day. Public Works crews were mobilized to plow and treat roadways, with a focus on maintaining primary and secondary arteries, and intended to continue trash collection until worsening conditions made it impractical.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nfl/concerning-anthony-richardson-news-emerges-after-daniel-jones-injury-11175914
Article: Jones suffered a torn Achilles late in Sunday’s loss to the Jacksonville Jaguars and will miss the remainder of the 2025 NFL season, coach Shane Steichen confirmed Monday; Jones is scheduled for surgery this week. Adding insult to injury, coach Steichen on Monday reiterated that Richardson is still not cleared to return to practice or be activated for Week 15 as he continues to recover and undergo medical evaluations. Read More: Shedeur Sanders Makes Cleveland Browns History in Loss to Titans When Jones exited Sunday, rookie Riley Leonard took over, completing 18 of 29 passes for 145 yards with one interception and a rushing touchdown in the loss. Read More: Bills Pro Bowler Sends Strong Message to Josh Allen After Bengals Win A ruptured Achilles in an NFL player is a season-ending injury with a recovery window that often ranges from roughly 9-12 months for return to play; many players return closer to the 10-12 month mark and some never regain prior form.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/betting/novig-promo-code-newsweek-claim-100-bonus-for-eagles-chargers-nba-predictions-11176167
Article: Brown 25+ longest reception (+1718) Air Attack: Justin Herbert 2+ passing touchdowns and 215+ passing yards, Jalen Hurts 2+ passing touchdowns and 195+ passing yards (+871) Ground and Pound: Saquon Barkley 70+ rushing yards and Omarion Hampton 45+ rushing yards (+275) Fly Eagles Fly: PHI moneyline, Saquon Barkley 1+ touchdowns and Jalen Hurts 0 interceptions (+303) There are other boosts available for the NBA and NHL.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/mlb/yankees-offseason-plans-called-ridiculous-by-mlb-insider-11175940
Article: More news: Dodgers’ Roki Sasaki Expected to Join Shohei Ohtani on Team Japan’s WBC Roster After catching wind of Steinbrenner's comments, The New York Post's Jon Heyman called out the plan, which he deemed "ridiculous." "Yankees stay under $300 million? Heyman is spot on in his assessment of the Yankees' finances, as they already have a $237 million tax payroll heading into the 2026 season — keeping them at the fourth-highest total in MLB. While spending low while continuing to win is the goal of any owner across the league, the Yankees will certainly need to spend if they're to return to their usual dominance of the AL East. The Yankees have been heavily linked to big-name stars such as Cody Bellinger and Tatsuya Imai during the offseason, who could push their numbers well past $300 million alone, but also bring the team success. More news: MLB Insider Delivers Bad News for Dodgers’ Teoscar Hernandez New York made some big moves that didn't quite pay off ahead of the 2025 season, so their unwillingness to spend is understandable, but they'll need to move for some big names if they're to remain competitive in an increasingly threatening division.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/ncaa/texas-longhorns-arch-manning-dealt-bad-news-missing-cfp-11176136
Article: "Baxter earned Big 12 offensive newcomer of the year in 2023, rushing for 659 yards and 4.8 yards per carry." Baxter did not have much of a role with the Longhorns in 2025. Read more: Penn State Had Interest in NFL Coach Before Matt Campbell Hire Losing Baxter for next season takes away a possible playmaker who could have helped Manning and the offense.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/betting/chalkboard-promo-code-newsweek-claim-100-bonus-for-eagles-chargers-nfl-games-11175956
Article: We have a huge Monday Night Football game tonight with the Philadelphia Eagles visiting the Los Angeles Chargers, and this is a perfect opportunity to capitalize on one of the best daily fantasy offers by signing up with the Chalkboard promo code NEWSWEEK. Here's an example for tonight's game: Jalen Hurts over 119.5 passing yards Saquon Barkley 74.5 rushing yards Omarion Hampton under 43.5 rushing yards AJ Brown over 60.5 receiving yards Ladd McConkey over 50.5 receiving yards For most entries you make, you can choose a max cash or shield play. Chalkboard Promo Code NEWSWEEK: Unlock Welcome Rewards Chalkboard Fantasy is a new and exciting arrival to the DFS world, and you can capitalize on these rewards in time for the NFL playoff push. Here's how to get set up with this offer: to go to the landing page Click here to go to the landing page Enter the promo code NEWSWEEK Input basic identifying information (Name, date of birth, mailing address, etc.) Make a deposit to get up to $100 in bonuses from this offer (Credit/debit card, online banking, etc.) Start playing Chalkboard Fantasy contests for Eagles-Chargers tonight Newsweek may earn an affiliate commission if you sign up through the links in this article.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/mlb/dodgers-could-cut-ties-with-former-no-1-prospect-insider-11175923
Article: The Los Angeles Dodgers, MLB's first back-to-back champions since the New York Yankees in 2000, have a star-studded lineup that includes the somehow underrated Will Smith, who consistently ranks among the best offensive catchers in the sport and hit the game-winning home run in extra innings of Game 7 of the World Series. Dalton Rushing, who was Los Angeles' top farmhand in MLB Pipeline's rankings at the end of last season, is a 24-year-old primary catcher who debuted in the majors with a 53-game stint this year. On Monday, Jack Harris of the Los Angeles Times named Rushing as one of the team's most likely trade chips, while noting that trades were probably a more viable path to the Dodgers to add stars to the roster this winter than free agency. ...They have a former top prospect in Dalton Rushing, who struggled through his rookie year but still possesses promising raw tools." Harris named a list of stars galore for the Dodgers to explore trading for, from St.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/wrestling/wwe-reveals-2026-royal-rumble-poster-teasing-major-stars-11175949
Article: On Monday, fans got a first look at the official 2026 Royal Rumble post, possibly suggesting which matches could be on the card, or who will be in the men's and women's over-the-top rope matches. The Rumble tends to be full of surprises, but it feels unlikely that fans in Riyadh would pop for some of the legends that WWE brings back for their annual Royal Rumble matches. WWE Women's Intercontinental Champion Maxxine also appears on the new poster, suggesting she could defend or fight for the title at the event, and possibly participate in the Women's Rumble match. The 2026 Royal Rumble is in Riyadh, and while WWE has hosted previous live events in Saudi Arabia, this marks one of the more significant premium live events to take place there, paving the way for the country to host WrestleMania 43 in 2027.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/trump-farmer-bailout-aid-qualify-tariffs-taxes-china-11176009
Article: President Donald Trump on Monday announced a $12 billion farm aid package aimed at helping producers squeezed by rising costs and shrinking export markets following his decision to raise tariffs on China as part of a broader trade war. Trump unveiled the plan during a White House roundtable with Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent, Agriculture Secretary Brooke Rollins, lawmakers and farmers who raise cattle and grow corn, cotton, sorghum, soybeans, rice, wheat and potatoes. The aid package is the administration’s latest attempt to defend Trump’s economic leadership and address voter frustration over rising food prices, even as the president continues to dismiss affordability concerns as a Democratic “hoax.” What is the Farmer Bridge Assistance Program? According to the White House, about $11 billion of the new funding will flow through the Agriculture Department’s Farmer Bridge Assistance program, which will provide one-time payments to farmers growing row crops. The remaining $1 billion will go toward producers of crops not covered under the bridge program, a White House official said, noting the funds are intended to give farmers more stability as they market their current harvest and plan for the next. “These prices haven’t come in, because the Chinese actually used our soybean farmers as pawns in the trade negotiations,” Bessent said Sunday on CBS’ “Face the Nation,” defending the need for bridge payments. During Trump’s first term, producers received more than $22 billion in 2019 at the height of the trade war and nearly $46 billion in 2020, though much of that year’s aid was related to the COVID-19 pandemic. “That’s a start, but we need other funding avenues and we need our markets back,” said Caleb Ragland, a Kentucky farmer who serves as president of the American Soybean Association. “That’s where we want to make a living.” Democrats quickly criticized Monday’s announcement, with Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer saying the president “wants credit for trying to fix a mess of his making.” On X, Schumer argued that Trump’s tariffs “are hammering our farmers, making it more expensive to grow food and pushing farmers into bankruptcy.” Food policy advocates voiced similar concerns. “Trump’s tariff tantrum and belittling bailouts will deepen agricultural sector consolidation,” she said, “funneling money to a powerful few corporations while running farmers further into the ground.” Trump has also faced growing pressure to confront record beef prices driven by strong demand, drought-reduced U.S. He has said he will allow more imports of Argentine beef and has called for a Department of Justice investigation into foreign-owned meat packers, though he has not provided evidence for his allegations. On Saturday, Trump signed an executive order directing the Justice Department and Federal Trade Commission to investigate “anti-competitive behavior” across food supply chains — including seed, fertilizer and equipment — and consider enforcement actions or new regulations.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nba/lakers-lebron-james-latest-comments-raise-big-retirement-questions-11175653
Article: The Lakers closed out their mini three-game road trip with a win, and while their best player, Luka Doncic, did his thing on Sunday after a two-game absence, it was LeBron James who stole the show. I understand I'm on the other side of the fence than the previous one, so just to do it in a win is more important, to be able to come up clutch in a win that's even more exciting." Doncic touched on James' fourth-quarter heroics as well and appreciated it while experiencing it on the court. He decided the game.” James was incredible, recording 29 points on an efficient 12-of-17 shooting from the field, and added seven rebounds, six assists, a steal and a block in 34 minutes.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/ncaa/marcel-reed-texas-am-nfl-draft-cfp-11175966
Article: More News: Marcus Freeman ‘Upset’ With Alabama Jumping Notre Dame The Aggies are 11-1 before playing in the contest and will have plenty of motivation to earn another win this year after finishing the regular season with a 27-17 loss to then-No. During an appearance on the "Outta Pocket with RG3" podcast on Monday, Reed confirmed he would not enter the draft and would come back to play football in College Station in 2026. Like, there's no need for me to leave and go anywhere else.” Reed and Texas A&M will surely have an incredible atmosphere to play in when the Hurricanes travel to play the Aggies in the first round.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/ncaa/ryan-day-has-strong-reaction-to-ohio-states-final-cfp-ranking-11175904
Article: "Well, I think the committee recognized the body of work that we had this year and found ourselves in the fourth quarter, fighting it out and against a good team last night. And so, we're excited about where we are and going down to Dallas again and playing against a really good opponent, either A&M or Miami, two really good teams," Day said, via Bucknuts. More Football: Jon Sumrall Makes Major Coaching Staff Change at Florida: Report Saturday's Big Ten championship loss to Indiana marked the Buckeyes' first defeat since their regular season finale loss to the Michigan Wolverines in 2024. “I think there's still a bunch of guys in this room that know we can play with anybody in the country and beat anybody in the country when we're on our game,” Day said.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nba/mavericks-kyrie-irving-linked-to-west-contender-in-new-mega-trade-rumor-11175849
Article: The 6-foot-2 superstar point guard averaged 24.7 points on .473/.401/.916 shooting splits, 4.8 rebounds, 4.6 assists, 1.3 steals and 0.5 blocks in his 50 healthy games for Dallas last season. More news: Hornets Looking to Trade Controversial $75 Million Star By Deadline Over the summer, Irving declined his $43 million player option for 2025-26 to ink a new three-season, $118.5 million free agent deal with Dallas. According to a new report from longtime NBA insider Brandon "Scoop B" Robinson, an NBA source believes that Irving could help the Minnesota Timberwolves elevate to a new level next year. Edwards, All-Star power forward Julius Randle, and All-Defensive wing Jaden McDaniels have all been great, while four-time Defensive Player of the Year center Rudy Gobert remains a double-double machine, even if he has perhaps lost half a step athletically.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/mlb/yankees-get-trade-update-on-potential-anthony-volpe-replacement-report-11175724
Article: However, if a clear upgrade with club control is available and the Yankees have an opportunity to get a better shortstop, it may be difficult for Brian Cashman not to pull the trigger. That's not to say the Yankees do not care about defense, but they may be willing to deal with it if they can get a substantial offensive upgrade over Volpe. However, the offseason is full of surprises and the Yankees may be eager to make a big move after watching their division rival, the Toronto Blue Jays, stay aggressive after a trip to the World Series.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/mlb/phillies-gold-glover-projected-to-bolt-for-2-year-30m-deal-with-giants-11175270
Article: "Susan Slusser of the San Francisco Chronicle reported on Sunday that the 32-year-old is someone who 'piques' the Giants' interest because they need outfield help and he might only command a deal in the range of two to three years. Realmuto and Ranger Suárez." The Giants need to add a lot of talent to their roster if they want to chase down the Los Angeles Dodgers in the National League West.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/wrestling/major-wwe-superstar-set-to-miss-raw-report-11175809
Article: The outlet reports that Punk is currently unavailable as he is on set filming for the upcoming Netflix romantic comedy "The Bodyguard." This marks another significant step in Punk's acting career, which has blossomed alongside his wrestling resurgence. According to the report, Punk has been cast in the role of "Doghouse," a character described as a "physically intimidating member of the security detail, who is known for his loyalty and humor." The film is based on the 2022 novel by Katherine Center and is directed by Elizabeth Allen Rosenbaum. He previously starred in horror films such as "Girl on the Third Floor" and "Jakob's Wife," and had a recurring role as Ricky Rabies in the wrestling drama series "Heels." His absence comes at a critical time for WWE, as he currently holds the World Heavyweight Championship, a title he won by defeating Jey Uso at "Saturday Night's Main Event" on November 1. More news: Nikki Bella Reunites With Ex-Boyfriend At WWE Raw Despite the champion's absence, tonight's "Raw" from the GIANT Center in Hershey, Pennsylvania, features a stacked card as the road to "Saturday Night's Main Event" continues. Additionally, Women's World Champion Stephanie Vaquer will speak to the WWE Universe regarding the next steps for her title reign following her victory over Nikki Bella at "Survivor Series." The undercard also features high-stakes grudge matches. With "Saturday Night's Main Event" just days away, the absence of the World Heavyweight Champion will certainly be felt, though the rest of the roster looks to carry the momentum into the weekend's premium live event.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/nation-world/kris-boyd-shooting-person-of-interest-in-custody/507-cd17de31-8825-4e42-9614-f74a4e94f432
Article: A 20-year-old man from the Bronx surrendered himself to authorities on Monday in Amherst, a suburb east of Buffalo, New York, weeks after the NYPD released images of the wanted gunman. The NYPD said the gunman fled eastbound on West 38th Street and described him as a male with a medium complexion, last seen wearing a black cap, black sweatshirt, black pants, multi-colored sneakers and carrying a black bookbag.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cqxqz4227x7o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Three-year-old girl killed in Gaza by Israeli forces, local sources say At least 136 children have been killed in Gaza since a ceasefire came into effect on 10 October, according to Amnesty International. Ahed Al-Bayouk's death appears to have taken place on the Palestinian side of the so-called Yellow Line, behind which Israeli troops agreed to withdraw as part of the first phase of a US plan to end fighting in the region. All have been returned except for the remains of an Israeli police officer, Ran Gvili, 24, who is believed to have been shot and killed while trying to repel the attack in which about 1200 people were killed and 251 taken hostage. On Saturday, Sheikh Mohammed bin Abdulrahman al-Thani, the prime minister of Qatar, said the current situation was more of a "pause" than a ceasefire and his country was working with the US, Turkey and Egypt to push the plan towards phase two. On Sunday, after talks in Jerusalem with the Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, German Chancellor Friedrich Merz said the eventual creation of a Palestinian state could be the best route to "a new Middle East". "We believe there is a path to advance a broader peace with the Arab states, and a path also to establish a workable peace with our Palestinian neighbours, but we're not going to create a state that will be committed to our destruction," he added.

Link: https://feeds.texastribune.org/link/16799/17226401/texas-turning-point-usa-greg-abbott-high-schools
Article: The announcement comes after Texas Education Commissioner Mike Morath privately met with Thifault in early November to discuss expanding the organization’s presence in the state’s schools, which was first reported by The Texas Tribune. Turning Point USA was founded by Charlie Kirk, the late right-wing activist who was often praised by conservatives as a champion of free speech and criticized for comments that many other Americans found hateful toward LGBTQ+ communities, non-Christians, people of color and women. Turning Point organizers say they have received tens of thousands of new inquiries about starting local chapters since Kirk’s death, while claiming that some students wanting to launch chapters have faced pushback from their schools’ administrators. Petitions calling for the removal of the school chapters have also emerged, with some students and parents criticizing the national organization for what they describe as “racist, homophobic, and sexist hate speech on college campuses across America.” The Southern Poverty Law Center, a civil rights group that tracks extremism, describes Turning Point as an organization with a strategy of sowing fear “that white Christian supremacy is under attack by nefarious actors, including immigrants, the LGBTQ+ community and civil rights activists.” This is a developing story; check back for details. Disclosure: Southern Poverty Law Center has been a financial supporter of The Texas Tribune, a nonprofit, nonpartisan news organization that is funded in part by donations from members, foundations and corporate sponsors.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Business/wireStory/boeing-finalizes-47b-acquisition-key-737-max-supplier-128218277
Article: Boeing has completed its $4.7 billion purchase of Spirit AeroSystems, a key supplier that builds fuselages for its 737 Max jetliners Boeing said Monday that it has completed a $4.7 billion purchase of key supplier Spirit AeroSystems, which builds fuselages for the giant aerospace company's 737 Max jetliners, including an Alaska Airlines aircraft that suffered a door-panel blowout last year. “As we welcome our new teammates and bring our two companies together, our focus is on maintaining stability so we can continue delivering high quality airplanes, differentiated services, and advanced defense capabilities for our customers and the industry," Ortberg said in a statement. Reabsorbing the company, which is not related to Spirit Airlines, reverses a longtime Boeing strategy of outsourcing major work on its passenger planes, an approach that faced mounting criticism in recent years as manufacturing problems at Spirit disrupted production and delivery of popular Boeing jetliners, including 737s and 787s. Concerns about safety came to a head almost six months earlier, after the door panel flew off the Alaska Airlines plane as it traveled 16,000 feet (4,876 meters) over Oregon. Investigators with the National Transportation Safety Board later said that four bolts that help secure door panels were missing from the Alaska jet after repair work at a Boeing factory. Those crashes, which happened off the coast of Indonesia and in Ethiopia less than five months apart in 2018 and 2019, killed 346 people and led to a worldwide grounding of the 737 Max for nearly two years. The criminal case was resolved just last month, when a federal judge in Texas approved the Justice Department’s request to dismiss the charge as part of a deal with Boeing.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Entertainment/wireStory/ryan-coogler-rose-byrne-chase-infiniti-joachim-trier-128215609
Article: So then I was trying to figure out how to get a charger and charge my phone before I could even get into contact with my family or with my team. And I feel these two movies together are a really remarkable achievement on Jon's part that I think will be recognized over the years and stand the test of time.” — in an AP interview. Schwartz is nominated in the best song category for both “No Place Like Home” and “The Girl in the Bubble.” “You know, at this stage in my life and having a great part like this ... It’s not what you expect for a Norwegian film, but it says something about how generous the international film world has become that we can make films in different countries, different languages and still feel that we are presented in the same context.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/08/investors-can-lock-in-yield-in-these-unique-assets-as-fed-likely-lowers-rates.html
Article: The products have grown in popularity in recent years as the Federal Reserve raised interest rates, and experts believe they'll be a place investors will turn to as those rates move down — especially those who have had been holding a lot of cash . "Instead of buying one bond at a time and only owning a few bonds in your investment account, you get the diversification of owning hundreds of bonds," explained Jason Bloom, head of Invesco's fixed income ETF strategy. At BlackRock, its iBond suite of defined maturity bonds has seen its net assets balloon in the last three years from about a $10 billion product set to nearly $40 billion, said Karen Veraa-Perry, head of BlackRock's iShares U.S. "If you can get 4.2% consistently over the next five years, as opposed to having your rates drop down to 3 [%], we think that that is compelling for a lot of investors," Veraa-Perry said. "With BulletShares, people have a chance to be really precise in their yield-curve exposure in a way that they don't in most other fixed income funds, ETFs or mutual funds," he said. "It allows people to really dial in that risk-reward between duration and yield, and they can continue to adapt right as a macro environment adapts." Laddering to avoid rate volatility The big benefit to laddering varying maturities of defined-maturity ETFs is that investors make themselves immune from interest-rate volatility, said Saraja Samant, an analyst with Morningstar's fixed income manager research. "If you're an investor who has a long-term time horizon and you just want to be invested in a fixed-income asset class, I think our regular ETFs that don't have maturity dates, they function very well," Veraa-Perry said.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/08/google-ai-glasses-launch-2026.html
Article: Google on Monday said it plans to launch the first of its AI-powered glasses in 2026, as the tech company ramps up its efforts to compete against Meta in a heating consumer market for AI devices. At the time, co-founder Sergey Brin said he learned from Google's past mistakes of failed smart glasses, citing less advanced AI and a lack of supply chain knowledge, which led to expensive price points. The glasses, which were designed in partnership with eyewear giant EssilorLuxottica, are infused with the Meta AI digital assistant Meta also released its own display glasses in September, which allows users to see features like messages, photo previews and live captions through a small display that's built into one of the device's lenses. Google on Monday also revealed more software updates to the Galaxy XR headset, including the ability to link it to Windows PCs and a travel mode that will allows the device to be used in planes and cars.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/video/2025/12/08/blackrock-files-application-with-sec-for-staked-ether-etf-cnbc-crypto-world.html
Article: Share Share Article via Facebook Share Article via Twitter Share Article via LinkedIn Share Article via Email BlackRock files application with SEC for staked ether ETF: CNBC Crypto World On today's episode of CNBC Crypto World, bitcoin continues to trade below $90,000.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/video/newsfeed/2025/12/8/celebrations-military-parade-mark-one-year-since-fall-of-assad?traffic_source=rss
Article: Celebrations, military parade mark one year since fall of Assad NewsFeed Celebrations, military parade mark one year since fall of Assad A military parade in Damascus marking one year since the fall of Bashar al-Assad conveyed a vastly different message than military parades of Syria’s past.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nba/bulls-predicted-to-cut-ties-with-60-million-all-star-by-next-season-11176050
Article: After a stellar 5-1 season start had Chicago fans salivating about the team possibly finishing with its first playoff appearance in four seasons (and only its second since trading Jimmy Butler away eight years ago), the Bulls have fallen back down to earth. Injuries to key starters like Coby White and Isaac Okoro, plus top reserves Jalen Smith, Tre Jones and Kevin Huerter, can be partly to blame — but the team's red-hot first two weeks are looking more and more like a fleeting mirage with each passing loss. More news: Warriors Linked to $54 Million Center Upgrade in Blockbuster 3-Team Trade Pitch Chicago has gone just 4-13 following its first six contests, and is currently mired in a seven-game losing streak that includes defeats to the 5-18 Indiana Pacers (twice), the 3-21 New Orleans Pelicans, the 7-17 Charlotte Hornets and the 6-17 Brooklyn Nets. Vucevic has been a steadying on-court presence in some ways — he's a good long range shooter, a solid passer, a consistent rebounder, and he rarely misses games even in his NBA dotage. Vucevic has been a prolific scorer both at the rim and beyond the arc, plus a double-double machine, averaging 15.9 points on .479/.380/.789 shooting splits, 9.5 rebounds and 3.4 assists. The 6-foot-9 USC product, 35, is on an expiring $20 million deal and will be an unrestricted free agent next summer — provided he doesn't agree to yet another contract extension before the official end of this season in June. "At 36 [next season], Vucevic will still be able to offer valuable minutes off the bench, but that type of impact wouldn’t make sense in Chicago given the team’s youth." Priorities for Bulls, Vucevic Seemingly At Odds Vucevic has also previously expressed an interest in playing for a club more focused on winning than Chicago ever has under its current front office regime of president Arturas Karnisovas and general manager Marc Eversley. Poe notes that the generally trade-averse Bulls could also look into a blockbuster deal to acquire Chicago-born aging superstar Anthony Davis, a great defender with major health question marks whose preferred pace also would not mesh with Donovan's preferred style. Alternately, the Bulls could consider drafting their big man of the future in the 2026 NBA Draft, during which Chicago could have two first-round draft picks at their disposal — depending on what happens to the selection they're owed from a prior trade with the Portland Trail Blazers.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/update-neom-oxagon-port-worlds-biggest-construction-site-saudi-arabia-11172629
Article: Recent satellite imagery showed development at Oxagon Port in Saudi Arabia's Neom, indicating steady progress over the past year, including the construction of marine infrastructure and the launch of initial port operations and services. Why It Matters The floating industrial district, a core part of Saudi Arabia’s planned $500 billion giga-project, aims to accommodate the world’s largest container vessels, according to Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman's Vision 2030 strategy to diversify the economy and deliver advanced maritime trade. In November, Belgium-based international construction company BESIX delivered major marine infrastructure at the port, including more than 4 kilometers of quay wall and seven berths along that quay, with berths ranging from 10.5 to 18.5 meters in depth. What People Are Saying Neom Port Director Melissa Blake said in a Financial Times Partner Content article published Thursday: “We see ourselves as an accelerator for the Lighthouse Operating System, using it as a roadmap for integrating the end-to-end supply chain." David Lories, project director at BESIX Middle East, said in a press release on November 3: "Construction methods were developed to ensure that air and water quality remained below regulatory limits at all times." What Happens Next Oxagon recently said it was open for business for cargo shipments, with full container terminal operations scheduled to begin in 2026.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nfl/bengals-cut-ties-with-former-third-round-pick-day-after-his-suspension-11176277
Article: The Cincinnati Bengals announced Monday that they have waived wide receiver Jermaine Burton, a 2024 third-round pick who was suspended by the franchise one day earlier and did not travel with the team for its Week 14 game against the Buffalo Bills. He produced 901 receiving yards and seven TDs on 53 receptions over his first two years with the Bulldogs, and totaled 79 catches for 1,475 yards and 15 TDs across his final two seasons with the Tide. Burton’s breakout year came in 2023, when he totaled 798 yards and eight touchdowns on just 39 receptions (20.5 yards per catch), showcasing the speed, contested‑catch skills, and downfield explosiveness that elevated him into the 2024 NFL Draft’s top WR prospects. Read More: Shedeur Sanders Makes Cleveland Browns History in Loss to Titans Burton is now on waivers, meaning any team can claim him within the waiver window and inherit his contract; if unclaimed, he becomes a free agent and can sign with any team (including a practice squad, subject to eligibility).

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/ncaa/notre-dame-qb-enters-transfer-portal-less-than-24-hours-after-cfp-snub-11175283
Article: It’s been a rough 24 hours for the Notre Dame Fighting Irish football program after the College Football Playoff committee chose to include the Miami Hurricanes in the 12-team field over them. The decision effectively ends their season, as the Fighting Irish announced they would withdraw from the Pop-Tarts Bowl, where they were scheduled to face the BYU Cougars—another team that narrowly missed out on the CFP. On Monday, CBS Sports’ Matt Zenitz reported that Notre Dame quarterback Kenny Minchey is expected to enter the transfer portal after losing the preseason starting job to CJ Carr, who is expected to return to South Bend next season. More news: BYU Torches CFP Committee Over Miami Decision More news: Nick Saban Has Strong Reaction to Notre Dame’s College Football Playoff Snub Minchey was a four-star recruit coming out of high school and appeared in six games for the Fighting Irish this season as Carr’s backup.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/royal-caribbean-sued-after-man-dies-cruise-11175963
Article: A woman filed a wrongful-death lawsuit against Royal Caribbean Cruises on Friday, alleging that her fiance died from overservice of alcoholic beverages and the use of force by crew members on a trip to Mexico last year. A Royal Caribbean Group spokesperson told Newsweek in a statement: “We were saddened by the passing of one of our guests, worked with authorities on their investigation, and will refrain from commenting any further on pending litigation.” The Context Aguilar, acting as a personal representative for the estate of Michael Virgil, filed the lawsuit in the United States District Court for the Southern District of Florida. The lawsuit alleged that the overservice of alcoholic beverages leading to intoxication and the use of force by Royal Caribbean crew members while attempting to subdue Virgil when he reportedly became agitated “directly contributed to and caused the physiologic conditions leading to decedent’s death.” What To Know The couple was on the Navigator of the Seas cruise ship traveling from Los Angeles to Ensenada, Mexico, at the time of Virgil’s death. The complaint stated that Virgil “exhibited obvious visual signs of intoxication, while in plain view of the crew members serving him these alcoholic beverages.” Attorneys for the plaintiff argued in the filing that crew members “should not have continued to serve alcohol to him while he was exhibiting these visible signs of intoxication, and each of these crewmembers were negligent for continuing to serve decedent alcoholic beverages in his intoxicated state.” Russo said Virgil “had no history of drinking or any violence.” ... “Royal Caribbean crew members, including security personnel, then tackled decedent to the ground, stood on decedent’s body with their full weight, and compressed decedent’s body, causing decedent to stop moving,” attorneys for the plaintiff wrote in the complaint. “The decedent was subjected to prolonged prone restraint with multiple Royal Caribbean crewmembers applying compressive force to decedent’s back and torso, impairing chest expansion, limiting diaphragmatic motion, and obstructing venous return, leading to impaired breathing and hypoxia.” Crew members also administered an injection of the sedative medication Haloperidol and used multiple cans of pepper spray on Virgil, the lawsuit alleged. “They gave him a drug that created a situation where he was almost paralyzed with his muscles being relaxed, and then they applied direct pressure to his neck, which caused him to expire,” Russo said. Russo Jr., told Newsweek: “I think they just have to have better policies, better trained staff, and use a common-sense approach to how to handle situations like this and not be overly aggressive like they were here.” What Happens Next Russo said the defendant will have time to answer the lawsuit, and after a response is filed, discovery will begin in the case.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/wrestling/charlotte-flair-reveals-shockingly-low-first-wwe-paycheck-amount-11176078
Article: Over her decade on the main roster, she has become the most decorated female superstar of all time, winning 14 women’s championships, headlining "WrestleMania," and winning the "Royal Rumble" match twice. She credited her college years for teaching her the fundamentals of budgeting and saving, a skillset she refined while working as a personal trainer before her WWE career took off. Flair's most recent major appearance was in the Women's "WarGames" match at "Survivor Series," where she teamed with Bliss, Rhea Ripley, AJ Lee, and IYO SKY to defeat a team led by Becky Lynch and Nia Jax. Following the event, Flair clarified on "SmackDown" that she only joined the match to help her partner Bliss, signaling that their alliance remains strong as they look to regain their championships.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/betting/underdog-promo-code-newsweek-claim-new-75-bonus-for-eagles-chargers-nba-picks-11176200
Article: Here's an entry that would work for tonight: AJ Brown over 60.5 receiving yards Jalen Hurts over 192.5 passing yards Justin Herbert 212.5 passing yards Ladd McConkey over 51.5 receiving yards Saquon Barkley under 70.5 rushing yards When you have your picks selected, just risk at least $5 to get your $75 in bonuses credited to your account. Register With Underdog Promo Code NEWSWEEK Click to go to the landing page and then complete these steps to get set up with your offer from Underdog: Enter the promo code NEWSWEEK Input basic identifying information (Legal name, date of birth, mailing address, email address, phone number, etc.) Make your initial deposit with a secure payment option (Credit card, debit card, online banking, PayPal account, etc.) Start making your picks for Eagles-Chargers tonight or any other game Risk at least $5 with your initial play to unlock the $75 in bonuses from this offer Newsweek may earn an affiliate commission if you sign up through the links in this article.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/brooks-koepka-may-leave-liv-before-next-season-report-11175917
Article: According to the article, LIV CEO Scott O’Neil emphasized that LIV has made no player announcements but noted “he is signed for 2026” when asked directly whether Koepka would compete on the circuit that year. Last March, Koepka hinted that uncertainty for him would begin after the 2026 season: "I've got a contract obligation out here to fulfill, and then we'll see what happens," he said, as reported by Newsweek. Options outside LIV If Koepka steps away from LIV Golf, he would retain exemptions into all four majors, bolstered by his 2023 PGA Championship victory, as well as eligibility for the DP World Tour. Former LIV players have also found a route back to the PGA Tour after serving a one-year suspension following their final LIV start, creating a potential, if complicated, blueprint for Koepka. His year in LIV Golf was also unremarkable, except for a few flashes of his very high level: he played 13 tournaments, withdrew from one (Dallas), and finished in only two top 10s, with the second-place in Singapore as his best result.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/jasmine-crockett-will-seek-to-flip-texas-senate-seat-from-gop-report-11176157
Article: Crockett's political style and controversial exchanges with figures such as President Donald Trump and Governor Greg Abbott have earned her both significant fundraising power and criticism from opponents, making her a uniquely polarizing candidate in Texas politics. What to Know Crockett filed her candidacy for the Texas Democratic Senate primary on December 8, just before the state's filing deadline, following weeks of hints and public deliberation about possibly leaving her Dallas-area House seat. Colin Allred ended his own Senate bid and shifted to run for the newly redrawn 33rd Congressional District in Dallas County, citing fears of a divisive primary undermining the Democratic Party’s chances in November, according to the report from CBS. The Republican primary remains highly competitive, with incumbent Senator John Cornyn, Attorney General Ken Paxton, and Representative Wesley Hunt all in contention, resulting in one of the costliest Senate races projected for 2026. Talarico and O'Rourke, who won the party's nomination for the 2018 Senate race in Texas but has not declared his candidacy for next year's election, were tied for second place with 25 percent each, Newsweek previously reported. Crockett’s former district is now the target of Representative Marc Veasey, while Allred and Representative Julie Johnson will compete in the neighboring district following the Supreme Court’s approval of Texas’ new congressional map, the Texas Tribune reported. Her sharp, combative communication style—demonstrated in highly-publicized clashes, such as labeling Representative Marjorie Taylor Greene "bleach blonde, bad built, butch body"—has drawn viral attention and bolstered her fundraising, amassing millions for her campaigns. The state’s last Democratic Senate victory came in 1988, and while Democrats are optimistic—pointing to Republican infighting and Attorney General Ken Paxton’s legal troubles—polling suggests a difficult uphill battle in November. Despite failed efforts to build a coordinated "super-ticket" among top Democrats for major state offices, the field is set for a multi-round primary process before a nominee emerges to face the Republican candidate, according to a report from CNN. What People Are Saying James Talarico, Texas State Representative and Senate primary rival, said in a statement emailed to Newsweek Monday: “We’re building a movement in Texas — fueled by record-breaking grassroots fundraising and 10,000 volunteers who are putting in the work to defeat the billionaire mega-donors and puppet politicians who have taken over our state. and former Senate candidate, said in a statement Monday, as reported by CBS: “I’ve come to believe that a bruising Senate Democratic primary and runoff would prevent the Democratic Party from going into this critical election unified against the danger posed… by Donald Trump and one of his Republican bootlickers Paxton, Cornyn, or Hunt. Senate.” Ken Paxton, Texas Attorney General, said in a statement emailed to Newsweek Monday: “Crazy Jasmine Crockett is going to lose by double digits in the general, but John Cornyn has ALREADY—nearly six months out from the runoff—stolen $40 million that should have gone to Senate races in Georgia, NC, Michigan, etc. Even after lighting all that money on fire he's still so unpopular in Texas that he's in third place in the primary, unless of course he's paying for the poll. It's beyond selfish, but that's just who he is.” What Happens Next The Texas Democratic Senate primary is set for March 3, 2026, with Crockett and Talarico the front-runners following Allred’s withdrawal.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c0mp41jlre7o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Why Sandie Peggie ruling could lead to big changes for employers 36 minutes ago Share Save David Henderson Scotland news correspondent Share Save PA Media Sandie Peggie, pictured with her lawyer Margaret Gribbon, welcomed the judgement, which found partially in her favour It is a case that has generated headlines and interest around the world because it has been seen as a battleground between opposing views on sex and gender. This was the most high-profile and controversial employment tribunal to issue a finding since the landmark Supreme Court ruling earlier this year found that sex is biological under equality law. Alamy The tribunal dismissed allegations made against Dr Beth Upton The first key part of this particular ruling suggests they will have to be even-handed in the way they deal with cases like this in future. We now know that, in this tribunal's finding, Ms Peggie was entitled to complain in a reasonable way when she found herself sharing a changing room with a transgender colleague.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/mother-white-house-press-secretary-karoline-leavitts-nephew/story?id=128218959
Article: Bruna Caroline Ferreira, who is in the process of obtaining a green card and previously held DACA status, was ordered released by an immigration judge on a minimum bond of $1,500. Ferreira's attorney, Todd Pomerleau, told ABC News that he argued at a hearing that his client is not a "criminal illegal alien," as described by the Department of Homeland Security (DHS), nor that she is a flight risk. Evan Vucci/AP A DHS spokesperson then described Ferreira, a Brazilian national, as a "criminal illegal alien" who had a previous arrest for battery and had overstayed a visa that expired in 1999. He further said that his client was arrested in her car in Massachusetts after being stopped with no warrant, adding that he now has to litigate her case in Louisiana, thousands of miles away from her home. Pomerleau also told WCVB that he did not believe that his client's connection to Karoline Leavitt could affect the case, adding that he believes it's just "happenstance." ABC News' Armando Garcia, Jason Volack and Hannah Demissie contributed to this story.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/08/broadcom-is-firing-on-all-cylinders-and-wall-street-cant-get-enough-of-the-stock.html
Article: Broadcom shares hit an all-time high during Monday's trading session after the emergence of another encouraging sign that the company's custom chips are all the rage on the AI scene. Also weighing on Marvell stock was a note from Benchmark, in which the analysts call out with a "high degree of conviction" that Amazon may also be looking to move the development of future generations of its Trainium chips away from Marvell to AIchip, a Taiwanese designer. Taken together, Broadcom shareholders should feel good about the company's standing in the custom AI market, as specialized silicon emerges as a competitor to Nvidia's all-purpose AI chips, which have been the gold standard in running artificial intelligence workloads. AVGO YTD mountain Broadcom YTD While it's great to watch Broadcom's share price climb, we don't love it when a stock runs into an earnings release, as it indicates high expectations. Outside of custom chips, there will be high interest in Broadcom's networking business, which has seen incredible growth over the past year, given the increased need for high-bandwidth networking solutions resulting from the explosion of AI adoption — especially with the introduction of reasoning models and agentic solutions. On the legacy front, we expect to see some gradual improvement, thanks in part to seasonality as the company's wireless revenues are tightly linked with the iPhone sales cycle, given that Apple is the company's primary wireless customer. See here for a full list of the stocks.) As a subscriber to the CNBC Investing Club with Jim Cramer, you will receive a trade alert before Jim makes a trade.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/08/paramount-wbd-netflix-hostile-bid-what-to-expect.html
Article: Discovery has 10 days to respond, and after the 20 business days are up, Paramount has the option to extend the deadline to keep the offer open for WBD shareholders, Gordon said. "That said, we believe that Netflix is committed to this deal; if [Paramount] seems to be gaining traction, we would not be surprised to see a reaction." That reaction could come in the form of an increased Netflix offer, thought Netflix co-CEO Ted Sarandos didn't mention as much when speaking Monday at the UBS Global Media and Communications Conference. The WBD board said in a statement Monday it "is not modifying its recommendation with respect to the agreement with Netflix." It advised shareholders "not to take any action at this time with respect to Paramount Skydance's proposal." Still, the board will "carefully review and consider Paramount Skydance's offer in accordance with the terms of Warner Bros.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/local/kroger-new-grocery-stores-north-texas-mckinney-fate/287-a208a84f-7bef-4310-8a56-1eeeb57c2908
Article: Kroger, one of the largest grocery companies with more than 100 stores in North Texas, is expected to break ground on the new stores in 2026, according to a press release. “Kroger is working hard to keep pace with North Texas’ explosive population growth, ensuring communities have access to fresh, affordable groceries and essential items,” Rudy DiPietro, president, Kroger’s Texas Division, said in the release. “As new communities continue to emerge, these new stores will provide what the community has come to expect from Kroger – full shelves, where everything is fresh and our people are friendly.” Kroger's Marketplace stores are a multi-department format that includes grocery, pharmacy and general merchandise sections, which include outdoor living products, electronics, home goods and toys.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cj38ymeyg4mo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Pioneering new treatment reverses incurable blood cancer in some patients 6 minutes ago Share Save James Gallagher Health and science correspondent Share Save BBC A therapy that would once have been considered a feat of science fiction has reversed aggressive and incurable blood cancers in some patients, doctors report. "I really did think that I was going to die and I wouldn't be able to grow up and do all the things that every child deserves to be able to do," says 16-year-old Alyssa Tapley from Leicester.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cm21z4zgkx7o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: 18 minutes ago Share Save Natalie Sherman Business reporter Share Save Warner Bros Discovery Netflix and Paramount are fighting to buy Warner Bros, including HBO, home of hits such as White Lotus The fight in Hollywood to buy Warner Bros Discovery is shaping up to be a blockbuster. Paramount Skydance, backed by the billionaire Ellison family, has been wooing Warner Bros for months, hoping to join forces with the storied Hollywood name as the media company struggles to compete with the likes of Netflix and Disney. Netflix is offering to pay $23.25 per share, and give existing Warner Bros a stake in the new company - a mix of cash and equity it says is worth about $27.75 per share. Warner Bros, which traces its roots back about a century, has a vast library of content, ranging from classics like Looney Tunes and Casablanca to Friends, Superman and Harry Potter. For Netflix, the streaming industry's biggest player with more than 300 million customers, buying the film and streaming division would bolster its movie offerings, while heading off any potential rivals looking to get their hands on the Warner Bros content. Paramount's plans, which would put CBS and CNN under the same parent company, have also been closely watched because of the potential impact on the news business and the Ellisons' ties to Trump. Some have also suggested that Paramount could be in a stronger position thanks to the relationship between Trump and the Ellison family, including tech billionaire and Republican megadonor Larry Ellison. Though he has praised the Ellisons in the past, on social media on Monday, he took aim at their ownership of Paramount, triggered by a 60 Minutes interview that the company aired with former Trump ally Marjorie Taylor Greene, a Republican representative. Neither Netflix nor Paramount have offered much insight into how they would incorporate Warner Bros into their current offerings or seize the opportunity to launch new kinds of streaming packages.

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/12/08/g-s1-101202/syria-anniversary-assad-deposed
Article: Syria marks a year since Assad fled, but struggles to heal toggle caption Ghaith Alsayed/AP HOMS, Syria — A year ago, Mohammad Marwan found himself stumbling, barefoot and dazed, out of Syria's notorious Saydnaya prison on the outskirts of Damascus as rebel forces pushing toward the capital threw open its doors to release the prisoners. World Syria marks one year since the fall of the Assad regime Syria marks one year since the fall of the Assad regime Listen · 3:52 3:52 Arrested in 2018 for fleeing compulsory military service, the father of three had cycled through four other lockups before landing in Saydnaya, a sprawling complex just north of Damascus that became synonymous with some of the worst atrocities committed under the rule of now-ousted President Bashar Assad. He's now undergoing treatment for tuberculosis and attending therapy sessions at a center in Homs focused on rehabilitating former prisoners, and Marwan said his physical and mental situations have gradually improved. Like Marwan, the country is struggling to heal a year after the Assad dynasty's repressive 50-year reign came to an end following 14 years of civil war that left an estimated half a million people dead, millions more displaced, and the country battered and divided. In late November 2024, groups in the country's northwest — led by Hayat Tahrir al-Sham, an Islamist rebel group whose then-leader, Ahmad al-Sharaa, is now the country's interim president — launched an offensive on the city of Aleppo, aiming to take it back from Assad's forces. But Russia, a longtime Assad ally, did not intervene militarily to defend him and has since established ties with the country's new rulers and maintained its bases on the Syrian coast. Hassan Abdul Ghani, spokesperson for Syrian Ministry of Defense, said HTS and its allies had launched a major organizational overhaul after Assad's forces regained control of a number of formerly rebel-controlled areas in 2019 and 2020. The rebel offensive in November 2024 was not initially aimed at seizing Damascus but was meant to preempt an expected major offensive by Assad's forces in opposition-held Idlib intending to "finish the Idlib file," Abdul Ghani said. In timing the attack, the insurgents also took advantage of the fact that Russia was distracted by its war in Ukraine and that the Iran-backed Lebanese militant group Hezbollah, another Assad ally, was licking its wounds after a damaging war with Israel. Successes abroad, challenges at home Since his sudden ascent to power, al-Sharaa has launched a diplomatic charm offensive, building ties with Western and Arab countries that shunned Assad and that once considered al-Sharaa a terrorist. In a speech in Damascus on Monday, al-Sharaa described his vision of Syria as "a strong country that belongs to its ancient past, looks forward to a promising future and is restoring its natural position in its Arab, regional and international environment" and will join "the ranks of the most advanced nations." But the diplomatic successes have been offset by outbreaks of sectarian violence in which hundreds of civilians from the Alawite and Druze minorities were killed by pro-government Sunni fighters. Sponsor Message There are ongoing tensions between the new government in Damascus and Kurdish-led forces controlling the country's northeast, despite an agreement inked in March that was supposed to lead to a merger of their forces. The Mines Advisory Group reported Monday that at least 590 people have been killed by landmines in Syria since Assad's fall, including 167 children, putting the country on track to record the world's highest landmine casualty rate in 2025. I would hope they could remove the old destroyed houses and build towers," said Maher al-Homsi, who is fixing his damaged home to move back, although the area doesn't even have a water connection. Bassam Dimashqi, a dentist from Damascus, said of the country after Assad's fall, "Of course it's better, there's freedom of some sort." But he remains anxious about the precarious security situation and its economic impacts. "The security situation is what encourages investors to come and do projects." The U.N refugee agency reports that more than 1 million refugees and nearly 2 million internally displaced Syrians have returned to their homes since Assad's fall.

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/12/08/g-s1-101204/trump-attorney-new-jersey-habba
Article: Former Trump attorney Alina Habba resigns as top federal prosecutor in New Jersey toggle caption Andrew Harnik/Getty Images Alina Habba, a former personal attorney for President Trump, is stepping down as the top federal prosecutor in New Jersey following an appeals court ruling last week that found she was unlawfully serving in the role. Habba said in a statement posted on social media on Monday that she was not quitting in the face of legal challenges but instead resigning "to protect the stability and integrity" of the U.S. "This decision will not weaken the Justice Department and it will not weaken me," she said, adding that she will remain at the DOJ as the senior advisor to the attorney general for U.S. "The court's ruling has made it untenable for her to effectively run her office, with politicized judges pausing trials designed to bring violent criminals to justice," she said."These judges should not be able to countermand the President's choice of attorneys entrusted with carrying out the executive branch's core responsibility of prosecuting crime." Bondi said the department "will seek further review" of the court's decision, and is confident it will be reversed.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/nation/massachusetts-court-hears-arguments-in-lawsuit-alleging-meta-designed-apps-to-be-addictive-to-kids
Article: BOSTON (AP) — Massachusetts’ highest court heard oral arguments Friday in the state’s lawsuit arguing that Meta designed features on Facebook and Instagram to make them addictive to young users. The lawsuit, filed in 2024 by Attorney General Andrea Campbell, alleges that Meta did this to make a profit and that its actions affected hundreds of thousands of teenagers in Massachusetts who use the social media platforms. WATCH: What to know about ‘AI psychosis’ and the effect of AI chatbots on mental health “We are making claims based only on the tools that Meta has developed because its own research shows they encourage addiction to the platform in a variety of ways,” said State Solicitor David Kravitz, adding that the state’s claim has nothing to do the company’s algorithms or failure to moderate content. Meta said Friday that it strongly disagrees with the allegations and is “confident the evidence will show our longstanding commitment to supporting young people.” Its attorney, Mark Mosier, argued in court that the lawsuit “would impose liabilities for performing traditional publishing functions” and that its actions are protected by the First Amendment. “But when they acknowledge that its truthful that brings it in the heart of the First Amendment.” WATCH: Meta whistleblowers testify on child safety research before Senate Judiciary Committee Several of the judges, though, seem to more concerned about Meta’s functions such as notifications than the content on its platforms. “I didn’t understand the claims to be that Meta is relaying false information vis-a-vis the notifications but that it has created an algorithm of incessant notifications … designed so as to feed into the fear of missing out, fomo, that teenagers generally have,” Justice Dalila Wendlandt said. It’s totally focused on getting you to look at it.” Meta is facing federal and state lawsuits claiming it knowingly designed features — such as constant notifications and the ability to scroll endlessly — that addict children. In 2023, 33 states filed a joint lawsuit against the Menlo Park, California-based tech giant claiming that Meta routinely collects data on children under 13 without their parents’ consent, in violation of federal law. Newspaper reports, first by The Wall Street Journal in the fall of 2021, found that the company knew about the harms Instagram can cause teenagers — especially teen girls — when it comes to mental health and body image issues. A report from former employee and whistleblower Arturo Bejar and four nonprofit groups this year said Meta has chosen not to take “real steps” to address safety concerns, “opting instead for splashy headlines about new tools for parents and Instagram Teen Accounts for underage users.” Meta said the report misrepresented its efforts on teen safety.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/world/magnitude-7-5-quake-in-northern-japan-injures-23-people-and-triggers-a-tsunami
Article: “I’ve never experienced such a big shaking,” convenience store owner Nobuo Yamada told the public broadcaster NHK in the Aomori prefecture town of Hachinohe, adding that “luckily” power lines were still operating in his area. TOKYO (AP) — A powerful 7.5-magnitude earthquake struck off northern Japan late Monday, injuring more than 20 people and triggering a tsunami of up to 70 centimeters (28 inches) in Pacific coast communities, officials said. A tsunami of 70 centimeters was measured in Kuji port in Iwate prefecture, just south of Aomori, and tsunami levels of up to 50 centimeters struck other coastal communities in the region, the Japan Meteorological Agency said. Most of the victims were hit by falling objects, NHK reported, adding that several people were injured in a hotel in Hachinohe and a man in Tohoku was slightly hurt when his car fell into a hole. The Nuclear Regulation Authority said about 450 liters (118 gallons) of water spilled from a spent fuel cooling area at the Rokkasho fuel reprocessing plant in Aomori, but that its water level remained within the normal range and there was no safety concern. It said there is a slight increase in risk of a magnitude 8-level quake and possible tsunami occurring along Japan’s northeastern coast from Chiba, just east of Tokyo, to Hokkaido. Satoshi Kato, a vice principal of a public high school in Hachinohe, told NHK that he was at home when the quake struck, and that glasses and bowls fell and smashed into shards on the floor. “Please be prepared so you can immediately evacuate as soon as you feel a tremor.” The quake struck about 80 kilometers (50 miles) northeast of Hachinohe, and about 50 kilometers (30 miles) below the sea surface, the meteorological agency said.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/video/newsfeed/2025/12/8/dozens-of-bodies-hastily-buried-at-al-shifa-hospital-moved-to-graveyards?traffic_source=rss
Article: NewsFeed Dozens of bodies hastily buried at al-Shifa Hospital moved to graveyards The Palestinian Civil Defence exhumed the bodies of more than 150 people who were quickly buried in the courtyards of al-Shifa Hospital during Israel’s genocidal war on Gaza.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/8/trump-announces-12bn-package-to-aid-farmers-hurt-by-his-tariffs?traffic_source=rss
Article: “What we’re doing is we’re is taking a relatively small portion of that, and we’re going to be giving and providing it to the farmers in economic assistance,” Trump said. Since taking office, Trump has used emergency powers to pursue a sweeping tariff agenda, including imposing reciprocal tariffs on nearly all US trade and escalating a trade war with China. Before the White House event, a Trump administration official said up to $11bn in the new aid would go to the newly created Farmer Bridge Assistance, a programme for row crop farmers hurt by trade disputes and higher costs. The Food and Agricultural Policy Research Institute at the University of Missouri has estimated that net farm income could fall by more than $30bn in 2026 due to a decline in government payments and low crop prices. The Trump administration has sought to paint a rosier picture, pointing to an agreement between Trump and Chinese President Xi Jinping for Beijing to buy 12 million metric tonnes of US soya beans by the end of the calendar year.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/video/newsfeed/2025/12/8/dangerous-precedent-un-condemns-israeli-raid-on-unrwa?traffic_source=rss
Article: NewsFeed ‘Dangerous precedent’: UN condemns Israeli raid on UNRWA UN chief Antonio Guterres condemned Israel’s raid on the East Jerusalem compound of the UN Palestinian refugee agency UNRWA as a violation of UN immunity.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/politics/2026-election/rep-jasmine-crockett-launches-texas-senate-run-shaking-democratic-prim-rcna247542
Article: Democrats have not won a statewide race in Texas in more than 30 years, but they have been eyeing next year’s Senate race as a potential pickup opportunity, with Cornyn facing primary challenges from state Attorney General Ken Paxton and GOP Rep. But some of Crockett's comments could be fodder for Republicans to use against her in a general election, and Republicans have already been goading her to run, seeing her as a manageable opponent. His campaign also posted a video on social media of Crockett over the weekend with a narrator saying, “From open borders to socialist economics to unhinged attacks on anyone who disagrees, Jasmine Crockett isn’t representing TX. She’s representing the far-left fringe.” The video highlighted some of Crockett’s controversial comments, including saying that “it is not a criminal violation to enter the country illegally;” labeling GOP Gov. “In the past few days, I’ve come to believe that a bruising Senate Democratic primary and runoff would prevent the Democratic Party from going into this critical election unified against the danger posed to our communities and our Constitution by Donald Trump and one of his Republican bootlickers Paxton, Cornyn, or Hunt,” Allred said in a statement. Allred's exit now pits Crockett just against Talarico, who built a national profile when he and other state legislators fled the state earlier this year to try and block the GOP redistricting effort. “We’re building a movement in Texas — fueled by record-breaking grassroots fundraising and 10,000 volunteers who are putting in the work to defeat the billionaire mega-donors and puppet politicians who have taken over our state," Talarico said in a statement on Monday. "Our movement is rooted in unity over division — so we welcome Congresswoman Crockett into this race.” The Democratic primary is sure to be an expensive race, especially as Crockett enters the race as a strong fundraiser. The longtime congresswoman recruited Crockett to run for her seat, saying that the district needed a representative with “high energy, a passion to fight for us, shrewd intelligence, leadership, and an incessant drive.” Crockett won a contested primary to represent the deeply Democratic House seat with a boost from super PACs tied to the cryptocurrency industry.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/news/us-news/handgun-silencer-manifesto-items-luigi-mangiones-backpack-arrest-polic-rcna248025
Article: Items found in Luigi Mangione's backpack when he was arrested in Pennsylvania last year include a handgun, a silencer, a magazine with bullets wrapped in underwear and a red notebook that an officer called a "manifesto." The second week of a complex pretrial hearing kicked off Monday in Manhattan Criminal Court with a focus on the moments leading up to the 27-year-old's arrest in the murder of United CEO Brian Thompson. When another officer asked Mangione if there was anything in the bag that they needed to be aware of, he responded, “I wish to remain silent.” Wasser was concerned that there was a bomb in the backpack. An officer in the background of the video could be heard saying, “It’s f---ing him, 100%.” After the Altoona Police Department arrested Mangione, Wasser continued inspection of his backpack, video showed. Prosecutors showed several photos in court Monday of items retrieved from Mangione’s backpack, including the gun, magazine with bullets, notebook, silencer, cellphone and passport, along with a PNC debit card, a Whole Foods Visa card and a Maryland driver’s license. Mangione was arrested and charged in Pennsylvania with forgery, carrying a firearm without a license, tampering with records or identification, possessing instruments of a crime and providing false identification to law enforcement authorities. Detwiler said he asked Mangione whether he was visiting family and Mangione replied that he was “homeless." Detwiler testified that he "knew it was him immediately," after Mangione removed his blue medical mask. Rivers said Mangione was on “constant watch” because the prison wanted to avoid an “Epstein-style situation," a reference to Jeffrey Epstein, a convicted sex offender who died by suicide in federal custody in 2019.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/roy-cooper-flip-republican-north-carolina-senate-michael-whatley-11176486
Article: Former North Carolina Governor Roy Cooper got another good sign as he campaigns to flip a Republican-held Senate seat in his state, with a new poll showing more voters support a Democrat in the race compared to a GOP candidate. Democrats are hoping to flip the Senate seat with a popular candidate who has already won statewide in previous elections; however, the state hasn't elected a Democratic senator since 2008. What To Know A new poll by High Point University's Survey Research Center, conducted in November and released this month, shows more North Carolina voters currently plan to back a Democrat in the 2026 Senate race as opposed to a Republican. An additional 4 percent voiced support for a candidate from "another party," and 9 percent said they were "unsure." The poll included 1001 adults in North Carolina, of whom 783 self-identified as registered voters. Michael Whatley Polls Have Shown A November Carolina Journal poll conducted by Harper Polling of 600 likely voters in the 2026 general election in North Carolina found Cooper leading Whatley, the former chair of the Republican National Committee. What People Are Saying Jeff Allen, Cooper's campaign manager, previously told Newsweek: "Roy Cooper has spent his career putting North Carolinians first, while Washington DC insider Michael Whatley spent his delivering for billionaires and special interests at the expense of the middle class." He added: "A Democrat has not won statewide federal office in North Carolina in nearly two decades and we know this race will be very close, which is why we’re building a campaign to earn every vote and make sure North Carolinians know that Roy Cooper will fight for them in the Senate." Michael Whatley said in an interview with Breitbart published this month: “And there’s a true swing vote, but that, that middle group, they care about common sense versus crazy, and the fact that my opponent, Roy Cooper, has been, over the course of his career, fighting harder for criminals and illegal aliens than he has his own constituents, is a very real issue in North Carolina." What Happens Next The 2026 midterm elections are about 11 months away, with North Carolina holding its primary on March 3, 2026.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/betting/betmgm-bonus-code-newsweek1500-claim-1500-bonus-for-eagles-chargers-11176060
Article: Amid the current two-game losing streak, the urgency is high to get things going in the right direction, even if they are still in first place in the NFC East. If you bet something like $900 on the Eagles to cover, you will either win a large payout or get your stake refunded in the form of a bonus to use later on. Let's take a look at some suggested betting markets: Justin Herbert 150+ passing yards (-1100) Omarion Hampton 25+ rushing yards (-550) AJ Brown 25+ receiving yards (-1600) Omarion Hampton 25+ rushing + receiving yards (-2500) BetMGM Pre-Built Parlays For Eagles-Chargers Make sure you take a look at the pre-made parlays for tonight's game, too. Click on the Eagles-Chargers matchup and expand the pre-built SGPs tab to view these options: Eagles moneyline, Jalen Hurts 250+ pssing yards and over 1.5 passing touchdowns (+775) Jalen Hurts 250+ passing yards and over 1.5 passing touchdowns, AJ Brown 75+ receiving yards and a touchdown (+1000) Chargers moneyline, Justin Herbert 250+ passing yards and over 1.5 passing touchdowns (+625) BetMGM Bonus Code NEWSWEEK1500: How To Secure Welcome Offer Follow these steps below to get started with the offer you qualify for: here to go to the landing page Clickto go to the landing page Enter the bonus code NEWSWEEK1500 Input basic identifying information (Legal name, birth date, address, etc.) Enable location settings on your device Make a deposit with a secure payment method (Credit/debit card, online banking, etc.) Place your first bet to activate the $150 bonus offer or a $1,500 first bet safety net Use any bonus bets within one week before they expire Newsweek may earn an affiliate commission if you sign up through the links in this article.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/mlb/blue-jays-may-be-open-to-trading-92m-all-star-report-11176511
Article: He mentioned Jose Berrios and Santander as players the Blue Jays me be open to moving on from, but he did note that while the Blue Jays are open to talking about Berrios, Santander's status is "less clear." "While their stance on Santander is less clear, the overall picture emerging is one where the Blue Jays are prioritizing the quality of next year's roster over past production," wrote Nicholson-Smith. "The priority has to be 2026 wins, even if that means accepting that deals like Rodriguez's haven't worked out as well as they hoped." The Blue Jays already proved they do not need Santander.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nfl/indianapolis-colts-dealt-bad-news-after-daniel-jones-injury-11175984
Article: The Indianapolis Colts' season has started to unravel after losing three straight games in addition to the loss of starting quarterback Daniel Jones for the remainder of the season with a torn Achilles. More news: Steelers’ Adam Thielen Delivers Emotional Message After Pittsburgh Debut Not only will Indianapolis be without Daniel Jones, but they may also be without backup quarterback Riley Leonard and starting cornerback Charvarius Ward. More news: Cam Newton Issues Warning for Chiefs, Patrick Mahomes Amid Rough Season Ward's injury could very well be a crushing blow if it has long-term effects on his availability for the remainder of the season.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/trump-clashes-with-abc-reporter-rachel-scott-11176473
Article: During a White House roundtable on farm aid Monday, President Donald Trump rebuked ABC News correspondent Rachel Scott after she pressed him on whether he would release full video footage related to recent Venezuelan strikes, prompting Trump to call her “the most obnoxious reporter in the whole place” and accuse her of repeatedly asking hostile questions. I told you, whatever Pete Hegseth wants to do is okay with me.” In May, President Trump scolded Scott for asking him about his administration's acceptance of a $400 million luxury jet from Qatar's royal family. In recent weeks, the president has drawn attention after slinging insults at several female journalists, telling one "quiet, piggy" and asking another "are you a stupid person?" He has long faced scrutiny for his treatment of the press, particularly female reporters, but the frequency and tone of his recent remarks have renewed concerns about the attacks.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nba/giannis-antetokounmpo-pushed-for-blockbuster-trade-to-east-contender-this-summer-report-11176456
Article: More news: Massive Knicks Trade Idea Sees New York Land Giannis Antetokounmpo As Antetokounmpo deals with both the injury and the growing speculation about his future, more information has surfaced. According to Jake Fischer of The Stein Line, the rumors that the two-time MVP had interest in being traded to the New York Knicks this past summer were indeed true. "New York." "After some further calls, I can confirm that the Knicks — as well as playing in Madison Square Garden — were the specific "temptation" that Giannis himself publicly acknowledged on Bucks Media Day as an outcome he pondered during the summer. "I've even heard that the rowdy fanbase gatherings outside the arena following playoff victories that the Knicks are known for have resonated given his natural fondness for the emotionally charged support so prevalent for basketball and soccer clubs throughout Europe. The wait for a championship at MSG, of course, has now stretched longer than Milwaukee'sown 50-year title drought that the Antetokounmpo-led Bucks brought to a halt in July 2021." Many view the Knicks as a potential favorite to land Antetokounmpo, but doing so would come at a steep cost — and they’re limited in what they can offer. More news: Lakers’ LeBron James Latest Comments Raise Big Retirement Questions If New York were to acquire him, they would immediately lose the ability to trade any of their own first-round picks due to Stepien Rule restrictions. The nine-time All-Star is serious about winning, and now that he’s in his 30s with an increasingly extensive injury history, his window to contend for a championship as the No.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/dog-slept-outside-for-12-yearsnight-routine-at-foster-carers-melts-hearts-11175244
Article: "She came to the rescue in really rough shape — extremely sick with heartworm disease, underweight, and clearly neglected." Given her history, Vitti believes that Grandmama never had toys or experienced the joy of playing before being rescued. "On her second day here, Grandmama gently picked one up and carried it around, then started hoarding them in her crate." Like Mocha, this foster dog became obsessed with Lamb Chop toys, a favorite among canines. "The way I’d be cuddling with 28 lambs every night," wrote one person, while another added: "This needs to be a requirement under her adoption application." A third user said: "Based on the number lambies I know she’s spoiled rotten…as she should be." And spoiled she has been. Vitti said: "It feels like she’s never experienced this kind of softness before, so we’ve made it our priority to give her everything she’s missed: pup cups, short beach walks, cozy naps, and lots of gentle snuggles — all mindful of her heart condition." Grandmama began an "extensive heartworm treatment," which requires Vitti to keep her activity level low.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/georgia-sharon-henderson-covid-pandemic-unemployment-fraud-11176021
Article: Democratic Georgia State Representative Sharon Henderson was arrested Monday and charged with two counts of theft of government funds and 10 counts of making false statements related to pandemic unemployment benefits. Henderson allegedly stated in her application that she worked for Henry County Schools throughout 2019 and as recently as March 10, 2020, claiming her workplace closed because of the COVID-19 emergency. Politicians who violate the public trust and steal from the needy to enrich themselves will be held accountable." FBI Atlanta Special Agent in Charge Paul Brown: "Sharon Henderson allegedly chose greed over compassion by fraudulently obtaining funds meant to help those in need, some in her own Georgia House district. We remain committed to find those who take advantage of federal programs meant to help those truly in need." Georgia State Inspector General Nigel Lange: "Nobody is above the law, especially Georgia's elected officials. We will continue to work with our law enforcement partners to aggressively investigate these types of allegations." What Happens Next Henderson is presumed innocent until proven guilty, and the government bears the burden of proving guilt beyond a reasonable doubt at trial.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/betting/caesars-sportsbook-promo-code-newswk20x-double-winnings-for-eagles-chargers-mnf-11176120
Article: When you click on tonight's Eagles-Chargers game, you will be presented with these popular pre-made parlay options: Eagles -2, Jalen Hurts and Saquon Barkley EACH score a touchdown (+500) Justin Herbert 212.5 passing yards, AJ Brown over 61.5 receiving yards, Saquon Barkley over 70.5 rushing yards (+525) Justin Herbert 220+ passing yards, AJ Brown 70+ receiving yards, Saquon Barkley 80+ rushing yards (+775) Eagles -2, Justin Herbert 220+ passing yards, AJ Brown 90+ receiving yards (+1550) Eagles-Chargers Boosts With Caesars Sportsbook You will undoubtedly want to view the bet boosts that are available for tonight's game. Click on the Eagles-Chargers matchup and navigate to the boosts tab to view these options: Jalen Hurts over 39.5 rushing yards and a rushing touchdown (+320) Justin Herbert over 249.5 passing yards and over 1.5 passing touchdowns (+325) DeVonta Smith and Ladd McConkey EACH over 59.5 receivihg yards (+360) Dallas Goedert over 3.5 receptions and a touchdown (+550) Omarion Hampton first touchdown scorer (+950) AJ Brown and Quentin Johnston EACH score a touchdown (+975) Register With Caesars Sportsbook Promo Code NEWSWK20X Click here or on any of our other links to get started with a new account and follow these steps to secure your reward: Enter the promo code NEWSWK20X Provide basic identifying info (Name, birth date, mailing address, etc.) Complete your deposit with a compatible payment method (Credit/debit card, online banking, etc.) Place your initial $1 bet to get 20 100 percent profit boosts Use your profit boost tokens within two weeks before they expire from your account Newsweek may earn an affiliate commission if you sign up through the links in this article.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/blue-jays-eyeing-2-time-all-star-at-new-winter-meetings-report-11176460
Article: Since then, the Blue Jays have been linked to a wide range of big-name free agents, including homegrown star Bo Bichette and former Houston Astros and Chicago Cubs outfielder Kyle Tucker. "The Blue Jays can be patient on the relief front if they want to, but they are involved on relievers, with various industry sources predicting that they’ll eventually add a late-inning arm capable of pitching late in games and replacing free agent right-hander Seranthony Dominguez.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/mlb/yankees-gm-sends-cody-bellinger-message-as-free-agency-ramps-up-11176294
Article: He's a contact guy, and I think our environment was a great one for him." Cashman also noted on Sunday that he believed the Yankees were too heavy on left-handed hitters.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/mlb/dodgers-predicted-to-bring-back-fan-favorite-free-agent-11176260
Article: More news: Dodgers’ Roki Sasaki Expected to Join Shohei Ohtani on Team Japan’s WBC Roster The Dodgers' only signing of the offseason thus far has been veteran infielder Miguel Rojas on a one-year, $5.5 million deal. Rojas became a World Series hero in Games 6 and 7 in Toronto, hitting the most important home run of his career to tie the Fall Classic finale in the bottom of the ninth. Hopefully, he's ready to go in the postseason." Hernandez underwent surgery on his left elbow this offseason, and is not expected to be ready for the start of the 2026 season. McKain added that the Dodgers are looking to get younger on their bench, and the defending champions could very well reinforce their roster depth at the Winter Meetings in Orlando this week. "They do want to infuse that bench with some youth, so they're not looking to necessarily do it at these major positions, but the Dodgers have shown and made it known that they are trying to get a little younger on the bench," McKain added.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/mlb/mets-showing-interest-in-phillies-kyle-schwarber-as-winter-meetings-begin-11176194
Article: In addition to the Mets' shortcomings in the regular season, perennial All-Star first baseman Pete Alonso opted out of the final season of his contract and is now a free agent. Now without one of their "big three," The New York Post's Jon Heyman reports the Mets are considering superstar free agent Kyle Schwarber to fill the void in the lineup left by Alonso. More news: Yankees Offseason Plans Called Ridiculous by MLB Insider His .928 OPS ties his previous career high, and his .563 slugging percentage is also the best of his career. "If the Mets were to land Schwarber, it would lessen the need for another bat, allowing president of baseball operations David Stearns to focus more extensively on defense in filling lineup vacancies, which would presumably also include first base," Heyman wrote. More news: Dodgers’ Roki Sasaki Expected to Join Shohei Ohtani on Team Japan’s WBC Roster The Mets have plenty of competition for Schwarber's signature, but they will firmly place themselves into postseason and World Series contention if they're able to sign an MVP-caliber bat.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nfl/nfl-facing-serious-backlash-after-latest-tee-higgins-news-11176433
Article: Tried to dog it out with my team.” The Bengals are preparing for a Week 15 matchup against the Baltimore Ravens as Higgins works through the NFL's concussion protocol yet again.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nfl/cowboys-coach-questioned-george-pickens-effort-after-poor-showing-vs-lions-11176179
Article: But I don’t worry about George and his love for football and playing this game.” More news: Travis Kelce Under Fire for Postgame Decision After Chiefs’ Loss to Texans More news: Patrick Mahomes Sends Strong Message on Travis Kelce’s NFL Future Pickens was traded from the Pittsburgh Steelers to the Cowboys this offseason and is currently in line for a long-term extension—ideally with Dallas.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/entertainment/sydney-sweeney-snub-critics-choice-golden-globes-jean-ad-christy-11176254
Article: “It flopped at the box office, but in the most cynical sense, you’d think the show would want Sweeney, who seemingly can’t help going viral, gracing the red carpet,” Bahr wrote. While the movie had mixed reviews, the general consensus among critics was that Sweeney had a transformative performance and the actor got praise for the amount of heart she put into the movie. It flopped at the box office and there were few conversations about it being a contender, but Roberts was nominated for best performance by a female actor in a motion picture for the drama category. Sweeney’s jean ad for American Eagle, which was released at the end of July, sparked debate over whether it was racially charged with speculation the use of the word “jeans” was a play on the word “genes.” Critics saw it as sending the message that Sweeney, and people who look like her, are genetically superior. She said she wouldn’t be affected by anyone not going to see Christy because of “something they read online” and that when she had an issue that she wanted to speak about publicly, “people will hear.” Over the weekend, Sweeney spoke out more on the issue, telling People that she doesn’t “support the views some people chose to connect to the campaign.” She said people put labels and motives on her that “just aren’t true.” "Anyone who knows me knows that I’m always trying to bring people together. What People Are Saying Sydney Sweeney told People on Friday: "In the past my stance has been to never respond to negative or positive press but recently I have come to realize that my silence regarding this issue has only widened the divide, not closed it. So I hope this new year brings more focus on what connects us instead of what divides us." Katrina Campins, a Fox Business host, told Jesse Watters about Sweeney earlier this month: “She’s getting hotter and they are so jealous. Despite not getting any love for her performance from the Golden Globes, Sweeney and the rest of the cast got a standing ovation for the film at the Toronto Film Festival in September.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/nation-world/dollar-general-new-stores/507-d10e7710-cbb5-4488-9a7c-b348ebe9a809
Article: Earlier this year, the company announced plans to close nearly 100 stores after a “store portfolio optimization review." WASHINGTON — Dollar General is planning to open hundreds of new stores in 2026, particularly in rural communities. There could be even more expansion in the future, as Dollar General CEO Todd Vasos explained on Thursday's call that the company has identified "approximately 11,000 opportunities for Dollar General stores in the U.S." “And while we’ve always said that for a variety of reasons we don’t expect to capture every opportunity, we’re excited about our ability to significantly grow our footprint in the years to come,” Vasos said. In March, Dollar General announced plans to close 96 of its stores during the first quarter of the fiscal year for 2025 after a “store portfolio optimization review." Where is Dollar General opening new stores? While Dollar General did not share exactly where the new stores will be located, Vasos explained during the earnings call that the majority of the 450 new stores will be located "predominantly in rural communities" and will be 8,500 square foot store formats.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/state/texas-news/texas-power-grid-data-centers-ercot-nerc/285-e104f9f7-a5c9-42ed-9f62-84bdba63d973
Article: According to the North American Electric Reliability Corporation, or NERC, winter electricity demand continues to rise across the ERCOT region, driven in part by the growth of 24/7 data centers powering AI systems and other high-tech operations. The assessment shows ERCOT has enough capacity under normal conditions, but in an extreme cold scenario, the grid could face tighter reserves, similar to what the state experienced during the 2021 winter storm. "That's a lot better than last year's estimate of 80%." According to ERCOT's Monthly Outlook for Resource Adequacy for January 2026, the grid operator's highest-risk hour this winter is around 8 a.m., when cold morning temperatures coincide with little or no solar production. ERCOT estimates just a 1.4% chance of issuing an Energy Emergency Alert during that peak hour under normal conditions — far below the emergency conditions Texans experienced nearly five years ago. "Texas has been fortunate with a huge build-out of wind, solar, and batteries, so we're better able to absorb these new data centers — at least for the time being." ERCOT's board will meet Tuesday in Austin to discuss and address the issue of large electronic loads, a category that includes both data centers and crypto mining operations.

Link: https://abc13.com/post/athlete-week-second-baptist-football-redeems-season-state-title-berth-1-6-record/18264864/
Article: Second Baptist finds themselves in state championship after starting 2025 season 1-6 ABC13 chronicles Second Baptist School after a less-than-stellar start to their football season that turned into a state championship run. HOUSTON, Texas (KTRK) -- Second Baptist could have easily thrown in the towel when they started the season 1-6, but they didn't; they came together and stacked up the victories. "As far as one in six and locker room; I mean, yeah, a lot of young guys don't know how to handle, so as leaders we had to step up," Burnett III said. "So I got the team together for several 'players only' meetings to get the season pointed in the right direction." "Ultimately, as the student athlete leadership goes, so goes the rest of the program," Coach Brydon said. That togetherness allowed Second Baptist to make the playoffs, and before a big postseason game against undefeated Woodlands Christian, Coach Brydon asked the team a simple question: 'Why not us?' And that became the battle cry for the Eagles' playoff push.

Link: https://abc7.com/post/walt-disney-company-extends-jimmy-kimmel-live-may-2027/18265063/
Article: Jimmy Kimmel deal extended with Disney through May 2027 LOS ANGELES -- Jimmy Kimmel has agreed on a new, one-year deal with The Walt Disney Company that will keep his award-winning show on ABC until at least May of 2027. In addition to hosting the late night talk show since 2003, Kimmel is a four-time Oscar host and is also the host of the rebooted "Who Wants to Be a Millionaire." Disney is the parent company of this station.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/GMA/Culture/jimmy-kimmel-extends-contract-abc-host-2027/story?id=128221682
Article: Kimmel is on his 24th season of "Jimmy Kimmel Live!" Jimmy Kimmel extends contract with ABC, will host late-night show through May 2027 Jimmy Kimmel will stay on ABC through at least May 2027 after agreeing to a one-year contract extension.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/court-clerk-alex-murdaugh-murder-trial-pleads-guilty/story?id=128212120
Article: A former South Carolina court clerk who served during the double murder trial of Alex Murdaugh pleaded guilty on Monday to criminal charges stemming from the case -- including for releasing sealed court exhibits to the press and then lying about it, and over the promotion of her book about the high-profile trial. "I take full responsibility for my actions, and I know I have let down this Court, my community, and the people who placed their trust in me," Hill said in court. I am ashamed of them, and I will carry that shame with me for the rest of my life." Judge Heath Taylor said he doesn't believe Hill deserved incarceration and sentenced her to three years' probation and 100 hours of community service. Taylor said Hill has been "humiliated throughout this whole ordeal." "A lot of folks got swept up in the hoopla that was that trial," Taylor said while handing down the sentence. Jeffrey Collins/AP Hill was arrested in May, more than two years after Murdaugh was found guilty of brutally murdering his wife, Margaret "Maggie" Murdaugh, 52, and younger son, Paul Murdaugh, 22, who were found dead from multiple gunshot wounds near the dog kennels at the family's hunting estate in 2021. According to the arrest warrants filed against Hill, investigators found she obstructed justice during the 2023 trial and then committed perjury during a hearing amid Murdaugh's bid for a new trial last year. Investigators found she obstructed justice in February 2023 during the trial by releasing or making available "'scaled evidence' photographs to a third party or parties, such act occurring in violation of a written court order issued to protect the 'sealed evidence' photographs, in violation of the law of the State of South Carolina," the arrest warrant stated. 29, 2024, in Richland County, as part of Murdaugh's appeal, when she denied that she allowed anyone from the press to view the sealed exhibits in February 2023, according to the arrest warrant. She was also charged with misconduct for using her office to promote a book she co-authored about the trial on social media, "such act being for her own financial gain and in violation of her duties, in violation of the laws of the State of South Carolina," the arrest warrant stated. The probe also found she received financial bonuses totaling nearly $12,000 between September 2021 and March 2024 for her own financial gain, "in violation of her duties, and further in violation of the laws of the State of South Carolina," according to the arrest warrant. Tracy Glantz/The State/Tribune News Service via Getty Images Hill said in court Monday that she has "already begun the hard work of rebuilding the relationships I damaged by accepting responsibility, seeking forgiveness from those I love, and repaying any improper bonus I received." "I am committed to making amends, to being honest, and to living in a way that reflects the values I failed to uphold," she said. Her attorney, William Lewis, said they respect the judge's decision and found the probationary sentence to be "appropriate." The Colleton County Clerk's Office said it does not have any comment on Hill's case. Hill resigned as the Colleton County clerk of court in March 2024, amid the South Carolina Law Enforcement Division's investigation into allegations she may have abused her government position for financial gain. In the wake of the double murder trial, the South Carolina State Ethics Commission filed 76 counts of ethics violations against Hill over allegations she improperly sought financial gain through her position.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/08/trump-nvidia-h200-sales-china.html
Article: President Donald Trump on Monday said the United States will allow tech giant Nvidia to ship its H200 artificial intelligence chips to "approved customers" in China and elsewhere, under a set of conditions.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/08/fed-rate-cuts-can-boost-dividend-stocks-here-are-our-top-yielding-names.html
Article: Historically, CDs, money market funds, and shorter-term Treasurys — all considered safe places to park cash while earning some interest — have not offered returns high enough to pull money away from stocks. To tame inflation running at four-decade highs, the Fed began to hike interest rates in early 2022 from basically zero to a target range peak of 5.25% to 5.5% in July 2023 and stayed at that level for more than a year as inflation moderated. But one thing that is certain: President Donald Trump will soon nominate a new chair of the Federal Reserve to replace Jerome Powell, and Trump has not been shy about his desire to see lower rates. An index tracking the seven-day yield on the 100 largest money market funds stood at 3.79%, as of Sunday — roughly a full percentage point lower than in late September in 2024 , shortly after the Fed commenced its rate-cutting cycle. To be sure, stocks carry more risk than CDs, money market funds, and Treasurys because they can go down in price, jeopardizing your initial investment in a way that those alternatives generally will not. One great thing about the stock market, though, is that each investor has their own goals and priorities – and that means some Club members may place greater emphasis on collecting dividend payments. Also, remember that Jim Cramer's Charitable Trust — the portfolio we use for the Club — does not reinvest the dividends and instead donates to charity each year all our dividend income and capital gains. With that in mind, here's a look at the 10 Club stocks with the largest dividend yields as of Friday's close, along with our ratings on each of these names and the amount of money each company paid out in dividends during its past two fiscal years. As Jim wrote in his new book — "How to Make Money in Any Market" — good dividends that go up every year "are not to be taken for granted." (For reference, the S & P 500 as a whole has a yield of about 1.1%, according to FactSet.) This list above is split 50-50 between Club stocks with our buy-equivalent 1 rating and those with our hold-like 2 rating. Among those with a 1 rating, Director of Portfolio Analysis Jeff Marks recently highlighted Nike and Starbucks as two stocks that are set up for a bounce-back year in 2026 . Additionally, Home Depot could also benefit from rate cuts in ways far more important than its dividend yield looking more attractive: If mortgage rates see a material decline that unlocks housing activity, its business could roar. Procter & Gamble is our newest name, added to the portfolio last month as a way to add exposure to an economically resilient company that could benefit from a rotation away from speculative bets. Lastly, Honeywell is on its way to separating its crown jewel aerospace division into a standalone company next year while retaining its recovery industrial automation business, in a long-awaited transaction that should reward investors who stick with it. (See here for a full list of the stocks in Jim Cramer's Charitable Trust .) As a subscriber to the CNBC Investing Club with Jim Cramer, you will receive a trade alert before Jim makes a trade.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/8/acting-us-attorney-alina-habba-resigns-new-jersey-post-amid-controversy?traffic_source=rss
Article: Alina Habba, the acting United States attorney for the District of New Jersey, has stepped down following a recent appeals court ruling that disqualified her from continuing in the role. She cited a decision from the Third Circuit Court of Appeals, which found that her enduring work as interim US attorney — despite a lower court order ending her appointment — violated the Federal Vacancies Reform Act. “As a result of the Third Circuit’s ruling, and to protect the stability and integrity of the office which I love, I have decided to step down in my role as the U.S. This decision will not weaken the Justice Department and it will not weaken me.” Her departure is the latest setback for the administration of President Donald Trump, which has clashed with the judicial branch of government as it seeks to expand executive power. Attorney’s Office for the District of New Jersey if this occurs.” Advertisement From personal lawyer to prosecutor The controversy over Habba’s appointment stretches back to the first months of Trump’s second term, when the Republican leader began naming some of his close associates to high-level roles in the Department of Justice. The judge also tossed the criminal charges Halligan had filed against two prominent Trump critics: Letitia James, the New York state attorney general, and James Comey, a former director for the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI). By April, she had announced on the TV network Fox News that she was opening a probe into New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy and state Attorney General Matt Platkin, both Democrats. Advertisement Then, on May 9, she decided to charge Newark Mayor Ras Baraka with trespassing after he was involved in a protest in front of a local immigration detention facility. “Your role is not to secure convictions at all costs, nor to satisfy public clamour, nor to advance political agendas,” Espinosa told a federal prosecutor representing Habba’s office in May. “The court’s ruling has made it untenable for [Habba] to effectively run her office, with politicized judges pausing trials designed to bring violent criminals to justice,” Bondi wrote on Monday.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/video/the-listening-post/2025/12/8/sorry-not-sorry-netanyahu-demands-a-pardon?traffic_source=rss
Article: Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu is asking for a pardon over a range of corruption charges laid against him after repeatedly telling Israeli journalists that he would clear his name in court. Contributors: Daniel Levy – President, US/Middle East Project Dana Mills – Writer, Local Call & +972 Magazine Jonathan Ofir – Writer, Mondoweiss Dan Perry – Author, “Ask Questions Later” Substack On our radar This week, former United States Secretary of State Hillary Clinton insisted Israel’s PR problems have more to do with TikTok than with the genocide Israeli forces have inflicted on Gaza.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/politics/jasmine-crockett-texas-senate-run-announcement/287-bb23006e-86c9-462a-97ce-85a2a9e11f65
Article: primary) poll that came out that said that I could be competitive." Talarico, a former teacher and nonprofit director who's served in the Texas House since 2018, announced his entry in the primary race in September, as our content partners at the Texas Tribune reported.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/local/jasmine-crockett-enters-senate-primary/501-a6c9196f-759d-4695-b231-c48d4bf47b20
Article: The 44-year-old’s fiery clashes with Republicans have earned her legions of social media followers and donors, turning her into one of the party’s most prolific fundraisers even as she has been passed up for multiple House leadership roles. But as Crockett began to move closer to a bid, she called both Allred and Talarico to discuss her internal polling of the race, and the prospect of forming a slate. That did not pan out; a similar effort to divide up the marquee statewide offices over the summer also failed, with too many candidates drawn to the Senate race over other contests such as governor and attorney general. In a November interview with Politico, Crockett said she would only run for Senate if the data from her internal campaign polling showed that she could win a general election. While the Senate candidates ultimately did not work out a statewide slate, Allred’s exit leaves only two high-profile candidates vying for the nomination, lowering the chances of a May runoff. Greg Abbott, who uses a wheelchair, as “Governor Hot Wheels.” Crockett has also been a regular target of President Donald Trump, who disparages her more often than nearly any other House Democrat, further heightening her profile. The party is optimistic about the combination of a midterm election while Trump is president — which produced Democrats’ closest statewide margin in decades in 2018 — and the prospect of facing Paxton, a Republican candidate with legal and ethical baggage. Republicans redrew the congressional map over the summer to shrink the number of blue-leaning seats in the Dallas-Fort Worth Metroplex from three to two, meaning at least one of the region’s Democrats would be out of Congress come 2027.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/local/north-texas-deputy-fire-chief-killed-head-on-collision/287-11920be8-b5a4-4a8e-b978-37435dcbfc7f
Article: He will be truly missed and the impact he made on so many lives will be felt long into the future." According to the Department of Public Safety, the crash happened near the intersection of State Highway 34 and County Road 2186, about a mile south of Greenville.

Link: https://abc13.com/post/no-1-high-school-football-player-nation-keisean-henderson-headlines-signing-day/18265052/
Article: That's the one person I can look forward to day in and day out, her and my sister, they keep me going." "It's real, it's not a dream, and I just think I'm just so over proud," Keisean's mom, Erica, said. Even when there were times I wasn't doing my best, she would always tell me that I'm doing my best." Toney wore a memorial necklace with a picture of his great-great-grandmother.

Link: https://abc7.com/post/louvre-museum-news-paris-france-workers-announce-strike-work-conditions-security-102m-heist/18265210/
Article: PARIS -- Workers at the Louvre Museum voted Monday for strikes to protest their work conditions, a ticket-price hike for non-European visitors and security weaknesses that a brazen daylight theft of France's Crown Jewels highlighted in October. In a letter announcing the strike action starting next Monday, which was addressed to France's culture minister and seen by The Associated Press, the CGT, CFDT and Sud unions asserted that "visiting the Louvre has become a real obstacle course" for the millions of people who come to admire its huge collections of art and artifacts.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/science/watch-live-ask-us-anything-about-fighting-science-misinformation-during-a-special-reddit-ama
Article: That’s the key question we seek to answer during a special livestreamed Reddit “Ask Me Anything” (AMA) event we’re calling “Tipping Point – Turning Science Into Solutions.” During this mega AMA, science correspondent Miles O’Brien and digital anchor and correspondent Deema Zein will interview scientists, academics, digital creators, influencers and others about the challenges they face while communicating facts about science, climate, health and technology.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/politics/democratic-rep-jasmine-crockett-announces-run-for-u-s-senate-in-texas
Article: Democrats need a net gain of four Senate seats to wrest control from Republicans next November, when most of the seats up for reelection are in states like Texas that President Donald Trump won last year. James Talarico, a former teacher with a rising national profile fueled by viral social media posts challenging Republican policies such as private school vouchers and requiring the Ten Commandments in classrooms. “It’s going to be a sprint from now until the primary, but in Texas you have to think about the voter base overall in November, too,” said Kamau Marshall, a Democratic consultant who has worked for Allred before and worked on other campaigns in Texas. After the primary, who can win in the general?” GOP hopes to make Crockett’s style a liability Talarico raised almost $6.3 million in the three weeks after he formally organized his primary campaign committee in September, according to its first campaign finance report, and he had nearly $5 million in cash on hand at the end of the month. Crockett also could test Democratic voters’ appetite for a blunt communicator who is eager to take on Republicans as their party sets out again in pursuit of a statewide victory in Texas for the first time since 1994. Paxton issued a statement calling her “Crazy Crockett,” and Republican National Committee spokesperson Delanie Bomar said, “Jasmine Crockett’s shenanigans are an embarrassment to Texas.” READ MORE: Supreme Court allows Texas to use redrawn congressional map favorable to GOP in 2026 “Everything’s bigger in Texas — except her ability to win this race,” Bomar said. Talarico welcomed Crockett to the Democratic primary but pointed to his fundraising and said he has 10,000 volunteers, adding, “Our movement is rooted in unity over division.” Democrats see their best opportunity to pick up the Texas seat if Paxton wins the Republican nomination because he has been shadowed for much of his career by legal and personal issues. Crockett is known for her viral moments Crockett, a civil rights attorney serving her second House term, built her national profile with a candid style and viral moments on Capitol Hill. Among those who have taken notice is Trump, who has called her a “low IQ person.” In response, Crockett said she would agree to take an IQ test against the president. Allred says he wants to avoid a bruising primary An internal party battle, Allred said, “would prevent the Democratic Party from going into this critical election unified against the danger posed to our communities and our Constitution by Donald Trump and one of his Republican bootlickers.” Marshall said Allred made the right call. Allred switches from Texas Senate race to a House comeback bid Talarico, meanwhile, must raise money and build name recognition to make the leap from the Texas House of Representatives to a strong statewide candidacy, Marshall said. A winning Democratic candidate in Texas, Marshall said, would have to energize Black voters, mainly in metro Houston and Dallas, win the kind of diverse suburbs and exurbs like those Allred once represented in Congress, and get enough rural votes, especially among Latinos in the Rio Grande Valley. Allred’s House bid comes under a new GOP map Allred’s new district is part of the new congressional map that Texas lawmakers approved earlier this year as part of Trump’s push to redraw House boundaries to Republicans’ advantage. Marshall said Allred also is helping Democrats’ cause by becoming a candidate for another office, and he said that’s a key for the party to have any shot at flipping the state.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/08/fiat-stellantis-trump.html
Article: The automaker did not announce timing for the vehicle, but Fiat CEO Olivier François confirmed plans to bring the vehicle to the market, with "more details to come next year." Fiat's announcement comes less than a week after President Donald Trump praised small "Kei" cars from Japan during a meeting at the White House with Stellantis CEO Antonio Filosa and other U.S.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/economy/2025/12/8/waymo-runs-into-safety-concerns-and-competition-as-it-expands-in-the-us?traffic_source=rss
Article: San Francisco, the United States: The sidewalk outside Majed Zeidan’s grocery store in San Francisco’s Mission District has stayed filled with flowers, candles, memorials and pictures since his cat was crushed under a Waymo in late October. Residents became increasingly comfortable riding one, costumed Halloween parade goers clambered on its rooftops and danced, and pedestrians occasionally banged its bonnet to get it to give way to them. Around Kit Kat’s memorials is a poster with a barcode to sign a petition, moved by Jackie Fielder, the area’s representative to the San Francisco Board of Supervisors, that autonomous vehicles should have oversight from city authorities and not just state authorities. Advertisement “Waymo is operating in something of a laissez-faire environment right now,” says California State Senator Dave Cortese, who chairs the state assembly’s transportation committee and whose district encompasses San Jose and other Silicon Valley cities where Waymo services recently began. I just hope it doesn’t take a tragedy for it to happen,” says Cortese, who had also tabled a bill in the California State Assembly to bring autonomous vehicles under the ambit of local authorities, including firefighters and police. We send our deepest sympathies to the cat’s owner and the community who knew and loved him.” Steve Larson, a former executive director of the CPUC, says Waymo’s stellar safety record and successful rollout is at least partly because regulators “gave Waymo good advice and [the two organisations] took their time in getting things right”. “He would affectionately paw at us.” Advertisement On October 27, Zeidan got a call a little before midnight from a bartender at a neighbourhood bar saying Kit Kat had been in an accident. Scott Moura, professor and director of the Energy, Controls, & Applications Lab at the University of California, Berkeley, says the Kit Kat accident represents a challenge for autonomous vehicle software development. “Perception, prediction and planning are the key aspects of this software, and the bodega cat incident is indicative of perception since the car could not make out the cat was there,” Moura says. “The hardest part, though, might be predicting what to do when it does know.” This may have been the case with the dog, since it was said to be unleashed and may have run onto the street, according to media reports, which said the dog had died. We are dedicated to learning from this situation and how we show up for our community as we continue improving road safety in the cities we serve.” ‘Driving is social’ Moura expects perception and prediction issues to come up more as more autonomous vehicles come onto city streets and freeways and more cities with different weather. Brauer of iSeeCars.com says that while Waymo has been in San Francisco and expanded mostly to warmer cities such as Dallas and Miami, being in cities with snow could clog its sensors and make perception hard. Advertisement Cuts to public transport But the entry of Zoox, along with the expansion of Waymo, has also raised concerns about the nature of San Francisco streets and the city itself. “All the issues we’ve had will now be exacerbated,” says Claire Amable, director of advocacy at the San Francisco Bicycle Coalition, which pushes for the city to encourage sustainable transport. In 2023, she wrote to the CPUC after an incident when she was leading a children’s cycling trip and a Waymo came up close to the children at the back of the group. “It was such a comfortable ride and the best thing is I could play whatever music I want, at the volume I want.” He plans to mix Waymo rides with biking now that his bike is back. Cruise autonomous vehicles from General Motors – cars that launched along with Waymo – had been in an accident with a pedestrian in 2023 , and have since discontinued service. “They may be safer, but that doesn’t mean the government should not do its job,” says Senator Cortese, who is considering bringing back a version of a previous bill asking for more local regulation for Robotaxis. “Regulation helps companies to develop products safely and reduce liability.” Brauer believes that constant improvement in the ability to see and process input from the road means that by 2028-2030, “we will be surprised to see the number of non-human cars across the US”, and “this will be the inflexion point where this became possible”.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/8/honduran-election-authorities-resume-vote-tallies-amid-allegations-of-fraud?traffic_source=rss
Article: “After carrying out the necessary technical actions (with external auditing), the data is now being updated in the results,” Ana Paola Hall, president of the National Electoral Council (CNE), said in a social media post. Trump has previously written, “If he [Asfura] doesn’t win, the United States will not be throwing good money after bad.” Moncada, the Libre candidate, has said she will not recognise the results that took place under “interference and coercion”. Accusations of impropriety are widespread, with a conservative member of the CNE panel accusing a LIBRE member of “intimidation”, and Nasralla saying that “the corrupt ones are the ones holding up the counting process”.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/nation-world/upcoming-eclipse-longest-for-the-next-100-years/507-44c839cd-4d77-4cd2-9a78-9e51717aee4d
Article: On August 2, 2027, sky gazers across North Africa, Europe, and the Middle East will witness what astronomers are already calling "the eclipse of the century" — a total solar eclipse with a duration of totality that won't occur again on easily accessible land for the rest of the 21st century. The ancient Egyptian city of Luxor has emerged as the most popular destination among tour operators, offering nearly six and a half minutes of totality combined with proximity to some of the world's most spectacular archaeological sites. The 2009 eclipse's maximum duration of 6 minutes and 39.5 seconds occurred over the Pacific Ocean, with the longest duration on land occurring on the remote, uninhabited island of North Iwo Jima. The 2027 eclipse will pass over major population centers and tourist destinations with well-developed infrastructure, making it feasible for hundreds of thousands of people to witness this rare astronomical phenomenon. Adding to the eclipse's significance, the path of the August 2, 2027 eclipse will be crossed by the path of another solar eclipse less than 7 years later, on March 20, 2034.

Link: https://abc7.com/post/exclusive-goldie-hawn-reflects-joy-children-power-wish-during-make-gala-interview/18265293/
Article: LOS ANGELES -- Hollywood icon Goldie Hawn lit up the blue carpet at the Make-A-Wish Greater Los Angeles Wish Gala, where she was honored with the prestigious Power of a Wish Award. "She's done incredible things in her life and what she's given not just to the world as far as who she is and her performances and her energy, but what she's actually championing through her life, past her movie career, which is children." This year's gala brought together celebrities, wish families and industry leaders with one ambitious goal: to grant 100 life-changing wishes for children battling critical illnesses.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/football/articles/c05897vy81eo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Salah said he feels he has been "thrown under the bus" after being dropped to the bench for struggling Liverpool's past three games, which led to him being left out of the squad for Tuesday's Champions League match at Inter Milan. "When Mo Salah stops in the mixed zone - which he has done four times in eight years - it is choreographed with him and his agent to cause maximum damage and strengthen his own position." Speaking on BBC Radio 5 Live, Sutton said: "Liverpool is carnage because of Mo Salah. He's been extremely selfish - that's what he's done because now there's a bit of a civil war at Liverpool, and it didn't need to be like this." Liverpool manager Arne Slot said he was "surprised" by Salah's comments that their relationship had broken down completely and had "no clue" if the 33-year-old would play for the club again. There is always the possibility to return for a player." Egypt winger Salah will depart for the Africa Cup of Nations next Monday, but with his future at Anfield in doubt it remains to be seen whether he will be involved in Saturday's Premier League home game against Brighton (15:00 GMT).

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/world/watch-rubio-and-hegseth-speak-ahead-of-indo-pacific-security-discussion-with-australian-counterparts
Article: None of the four mentioned China by name in their brief comments to reporters before the formal meeting began, but the challenges posed by Beijing throughout the Pacific and elsewhere have been a central theme of the U.S.-Australia relationship for years. Rubio, Hegseth, Australian Foreign Minister Penny Wong and Defense Minister Richard Marles gathered at the State Department, with many eyes also on the Russia-Ukraine war, a fragile ceasefire in Gaza and U.S. WASHINGTON (AP) — Secretary of State Marco Rubio and Defense Secretary Pete Hegseth met their Australian counterparts Monday in Washington for annual talks focused on Indo-Pacific security and countering China’s increasing assertiveness in the region, including in the South China Sea and directed at Taiwan. In a separate one-on-one meeting after the four-way talks, the State Department said Rubio and Wong “discussed their shared commitment to a free and open Indo-Pacific, emphasizing cooperation to combat online scam operations and supporting further strategic infrastructure projects across the Pacific.” President Donald Trump and Australian Prime Minister Anthony Albanese signed a critical minerals deal at the White House in October after China imposed tougher rules on exporting its own critical minerals, used in technology from cellphones to fighter jets and of which Beijing is the top producer and processor. “We have to have critical mineral supplies and supply chains that are reliable, and that are diverse, and not overly invested in one place where they can be used as leverage against us or our partners of the world,” Rubio said. One element of the broader relationship is the AUKUS pact, a Biden administration-era agreement under which the U.S., Britain and Australia committed to building an Australian fleet of submarines powered by U.S. “We are full steam ahead.” Hegseth echoed her comments, saying that “as we move full steam ahead on AUKUS, we applaud Australia’s upcoming delivery of an additional $1 billion to help expand U.S. We’re strengthening AUKUS so that it works for America, for Australia and for the U.K.” Marles agreed and reaffirmed the centrality of the alliance with the United States to Australia’s security. “We are living in a much more contested world, where it really matters to be doubling down with friends and allies and, obviously, America is front and center and foremost for Australia in that respect,” he said.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/somalis-minnesota-ice-agents-targeting-community/story?id=128080449
Article: Minneapolis Councilman Jamal Osman, who is of Somali descent, told ABC News in an interview last Wednesday that locations for English as a second language courses, places of worship and homes have been targeted. The deployment of ICE in Minnesota comes at a time after President Donald Trump brought up Minnesota's large Somali community in last Tuesday's Cabinet meeting, saying he did not want those from the northeast African country in America because "they contribute nothing." "This is not the America that I imagine," Osman said. "[I] never knew there will be a day that you have to show your legal document in the United States [because you look Somali]," Osman said to ABC News on Wednesday. "But the reality is people are not leaving home without their passport." ICE said on Thursday that agents had arrested 12 people in its Minnesota enforcement operation, the Associated Press reported. Amiin Harun, an immigration attorney of Somali descent in Minneapolis, told ABC News in an interview on Wednesday that the vast majority of Somalis living in Minnesota are citizens, permanent residents or documented asylum seekers. "And we're going to go the wrong way if we keep taking in garbage into our country." Osman appeared saddened when ABC News asked his thoughts on the president's remarks about his community. "No human is a garbage." Trump's comments came a day before House Oversight Committee Chairman James Comer announced in a statement obtained by ABC News on Wednesday that the committee has started an investigation into claims of fraud that center on Minnesota's Somali community. 30 New York Times investigation detailed claims from law enforcement that over the past five years, "fraud took root in pockets of Minnesota's Somali diaspora, as scores of individuals made small fortunes by setting up companies that billed state agencies for millions of dollars' worth of social services that were never provided." Osman conceded that there very well could have been fraud taking place with certain individuals. "There's that process, but we should not be having the whole entire community blamed." Estimates of the theft have been estimated at $300 million by prosecutors, according to the AP. "The Committee has serious concerns about how you as the Governor, and the Democrat-controlled administration, allowed millions of dollars to be stolen," Comer wrote to Walz, according to the House Oversight Committee’s Wednesday statement. Walz said in a press conference on Thursday that his office is working to bring those involved in fraud in Minnesota to justice, but said it can be done without generalizations about a whole group of people. "You can do that without canceling programs that improve people's lives because a few people took advantage of the system." Attorney General Keith Ellison did not mince words when referring to Trump and ICE's deployment in Minnesota. Andrew Caballero-Reynolds/AFP via Getty Images "Donald Trump's disgraceful attacks on Minnesota's Somali community are injecting more of his poisonous racism into our beloved home state," Ellison said in an X post on Tuesday. "We are the people who are taking care of your parents while you go to work." Minneapolis Mayor Jacob Frey said in a Thursday press conference that the Somali community is part of the "fabric" of Minneapolis and makes the city a "better place". Steve Karnowski/AP Trump said in a Truth Social post last month that he would end Temporary Protected Status for Somalis in Minnesota, a lawful safeguard from deportation for immigrants from certain countries experiencing hardship. When one of us is attacked, we're all being attacked." ABC News' Justin Fishel, Hannah Demissie, Lauren Peller, Isabella Murray, Alexandra Fine, Oren Oppenheim and Michael Pappano contributed to this report.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/video/commuter-train-hits-vehicle-chicago-suburbs-128223626
Article: Commuter train hits vehicle in Chicago suburbs Two people suffered minor injuries when the vehicle they were riding in was struck by a commuter train outside Chicago on Monday morning.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/08/video-china-ai-wearables.html
Article: But soon it will move to devices." Meta has sold millions of its smart glasses since introducing the specs in 2023, and the Chinese have caught on, with more than 70 Chinese companies creating competing products in the space.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/pop-culture/pop-culture-news/jimmy-kimmel-signs-one-year-extension-abc-late-night-show-rcna248102
Article: The news comes just months after the Disney-owned network briefly took the show off the air due to conservative fury over comments the host made during a monologue about the reaction to Charlie Kirk's death. Brendan Carr, the Trump-appointed chair of the Federal Communications Commission, described the monologue as “the sickest conduct possible.” Nexstar Media Group and Sinclair Broadcast Group, two major owners of ABC broadcast affiliates, then announced they would pre-empt Kimmel’s show. “I often answer that question and then I do the opposite of what I said I was going to,” he told Bloomberg's Lucas Shaw during the publication's Screentime conference in October.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/business/consumer/mcdonalds-grinch-meal-promotion-rcna248036
Article: McDonald's “Sprinkle the tangy, dill pickle seasoning into the McShaker bag and shake for a bold twist on our World Famous Fries® that will make your taste buds pucker with delight,” the company added in the release. "Performance levels we have not even seen during the Minecraft Meal or the return of Snack Wrap." McDonald’s staff members posted to social media to discuss the surge in customer traffic due to the high-demand item. One employee frantically discusses her busy work day in a TikTok posted on Friday, writing, "This grinch meal is the worst." Some customers on the hunt for the meal have posted signs from locations that have sold out of the meal.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/trump-critics-pounce-on-report-alleging-he-committed-mortgage-fraud-11176936
Article: While the Trump administration has argued that Federal Reserve Board member Lisa Cook might have committed mortgage fraud by declaring more than one primary residence on her loans, the report found that Trump once did the same thing that he has deemed “deceitful and potentially criminal.” Why It Matters Trump has been vocal in calling out political adversaries for claiming more than one primary residence on loans, saying that it amounts to mortgage fraud. What To Know Trump signed a mortgage in 1993 for a home in Palm Beach, Florida, claiming the property would be his principal residence, ProPublica reported, then seven weeks later got another mortgage for a different home and claimed the same thing. “Given Trump’s position on situations like this, he’s going to either need to fire himself or refer himself to the Department of Justice,” Kathleen Engel, a Suffolk University law professor and expert on mortgage finance, told ProPublica. “This is yet another desperate attempt by the Left wing media to disparage President Trump with false allegations… President Trump has never, or will ever, break the law.” Trump was convicted in May 2024 on 34 felony counts of falsifying business records to cover up a hush-money payment to adult film star Stormy Daniels, who said the two had sex. However, there can be exceptions over short periods of time, like a move triggered by a job change or even a clerical error on how a purchase is entered, said Alex Beene, a financial literacy instructor for the University of Tennessee at Martin. “Still, the accusations of federal employees committing ‘fraudulent activity' through a vague definition of multiple primary residencies is a low bar that other officials in the administration ironically clear,” Beene told Newsweek. What People Are Saying Bill Pulte, the Federal Housing Finance Agency director, earlier this year: “If somebody is claiming two primary residences, that is not appropriate, and we will refer it for criminal investigation.” A White House spokesperson told ProPublica: “President Trump’s two mortgages you are referencing are from the same lender. “This is yet another desperate attempt by the Left wing media to disparage President Trump with false allegations… President Trump has never, or will ever, break the law.” Independent progressive journalist Brian Allen, on X: “He called it criminal when they did it. “Trump has skillfully desensitized the media and public where so many stories surface that it’s hard for people to tell what’s real or exaggerated,” Kevin Thompson, the CEO of 9i Capital Group and the host of the 9innings podcast, told Newsweek.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/ncaa/acc-releases-statement-responding-to-notre-dames-public-call-out-11176990
Article: Miami and Notre Dame both finished the 2025 regular season with 10-2 records, but the Hurricanes notched a 27-24 victory over the Fighting Irish in the first game of the season. More Football: Miami’s Mario Cristobal Aims CFP Message Directly at Notre Dame Notre Dame's athletic director, Pete Bevacqua, publicly called out the ACC during an appearance with "The Dan Patrick Show" on Monday. "We were mystified by the actions of the conference to attack their biggest, really, partner in football and a member of their conference in 24 of our other sports," Bevacqua told Patrick. "With that said, when it comes to football, we have a responsibility to support and advocate for all 17 of our football-playing member institutions, and I stand behind our conference efforts to do just that leading up to the College Football Playoff Committee selections on Sunday. We are thrilled for the University of Miami while also understanding and appreciating the significant disappointment of the Notre Dame players, coaches and program.” More Football: Alabama Hit With Troubling Prediction After Notre Dame’s CFP Snub Notre Dame rejected its invitation to take part in a Pop-Tarts Bowl matchup against BYU.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/map-shows-evacuations-possible-as-one-state-gets-more-than-a-foot-of-rain-11176531
Article: A map from the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration's (NOAA) National Water Center revealed that several rivers in Washington state are expected to hit major flood levels this week as an atmospheric river inundates the region with significant rainfall exceeding a foot in some areas. On the Water Center's website, the "major flood" category warns that "extensive inundation of structures and roads, significant evacuations of people and/or transfer of property to higher elevations" is possible. They are the Grays River at Covered Bridge near Rosburg, the Cowlitz River at Randle, the Cowlitz River at Packwood, the Nisqually River near National, the Puyallup River near Orting, the White River near Auburn, the Snoqualmie River at Snoqualmie Falls, the Snoqualmie River near Carnation, and the Skykomish River near Gold Bar. Rain will be even worse in Washington, with the NWS Seattle office warning that widespread rainfall of 6 inches was expected, with some areas like Snoqualmie Pass expecting 15 inches. "A strong atmospheric river event will bring heavy rain to western Washington today through Wednesday, leading to potential for significant river flooding, urban flooding, and landslides," the office posted on X, also including a map. Flood warnings issued in Washington warned that "some homes and buildings in low areas near the river are threatened with flooding above this level." People were urged to never drive through flooded roadways, as most flood deaths occur in vehicles.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/winter-weather-live-tracker-record-cold-temperatures-heavy-snow-to-hit-east-coast-midwest-11176997
Article: What To Know Forecasters at AccuWeather said the first waves of polar vortex—forecast to surge south out of Canada into the Plains, Midwest and Northeast through midmonth—moved south and east through Thursday night. The second blast of Arctic air is expected to advance from the northern Plains today to the Midwest on Sunday and then to the East on Monday," AccuWeather meteorologist Dan Pydynowski told Newsweek. "Yet another round of Arctic cold looks to dive southward into the northern Plains on Wednesday December 10 and then progress south and east through the upcoming weekend, December 13-14," the meteorologist said. The coldest days for the Northeast and mid-Atlantic will be Saturday the 13th and Sunday the 14th, with temperatures in the afternoon possibly struggling to reach freezing both of these days in New York City.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/entertainment/troy-aikman-reveals-retirement-decision-he-nearly-made-during-post-nfl-career-11176567
Article: Troy Aikman will always be remembered for his stellar 12-season career with the Dallas Cowboys from 1989 to 2000, but his post-NFL career has already surpassed his playing days in longevity. Recently, during an appearance on "Sports Media with Richard Deitsch," he revealed that he once came close to retiring from broadcasting after Super Bowl XLII—15 years ago, when the New York Giants shocked the New England Patriots in one of the most iconic Super Bowls in NFL history. “I was at the hotel after the game having dinner with my then-wife, and I just remember thinking, ‘This could be the greatest game that I will ever call,'" Aikman said. I didn’t go into the offseason thinking anything differently, but I did think at that moment, maybe I should be doing something else.” More news: Patrick Mahomes Sounds Off on Chiefs’ Playoff Hopes Following Texans Loss ... More news: Chiefs Deliver Bitter Injury News on 2 Crucial Players After Texans Defeat That moment came roughly six years into Aikman’s broadcasting career alongside Joe Buck, and it was just their second Super Bowl together.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/nancy-mace-says-pelosi-more-effective-than-any-republican-11176532
Article: Republican Congresswoman Nancy Mace of South Carolina said she thinks that former Democratic Speaker of the House Nancy Pelosi was a "more effective" leader than any Republican has been "this century." Newsweek also reached out to GOP Speaker Mike Johnson's office via email on Monday for comment. Why It Matters Recent statements by Republican lawmakers, including Mace and Representative Marjorie Taylor Greene of Georgia, highlight significant turmoil and introspection within the House Republican caucus as the party faces impending retirements, and a looming midterm challenge. Mace wrote, “Leaders of both parties have systematically silenced rank-and-file voices.” She noted the collapse of open rules and meaningful amendment processes under multiple Congresses, emphasizing a trend that has spanned decades but has not been reversed—and has at times worsened—under the current leadership. I wish we could get things done for our party like Nancy Pelosi was able to deliver for her party.” She acknowledged Pelosi’s “incredible career for her party” and also stated in part, “I wish her well in her retirement,” while noting that she wished politicians left Washington sooner. Disagreements over government funding, health care reform and internal House rules have further exposed fractures in the GOP, as Johnson contends with public rebukes from both moderate and Trump-aligned members. Even with one of the smallest majorities in history, we’ve delivered the most productive Republican Congress of our lifetimes — lowering costs, strengthening welfare, improving health care, and advancing President Trump’s America First agenda for working families. Shapiro, to Newsweek via email on Monday: "I think Johnson can fairly say he has been doing the best he can, since he not only has to deal with splits within his party in Congress but also has to do the bidding of President Trump, who can end his leadership position and support a candidate against him in the next primary. She doesn't give Johnson credit for getting all the legislation Trump has wanted through the House--especially the Big Beautiful Bill--whereas Pelosi was given full credit for all the legislation she accomplished, including the clever maneuvering to pass the Affordable Care Act, and later all of Biden's major budget legislation. Johnson now may get some blame from Mace and Trump if Republicans lose control of the House in the 2026 midterm elections." What Happens Next The retirement of seasoned lawmakers and open intraparty criticism leaves House Republicans with a narrowing majority and an uncertain legislative future.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nba/massive-trade-idea-sees-clippers-kawhi-leonard-moved-to-east-squad-11176820
Article: Los Angeles is on pace for one of their worst seasons since the 2010-11 season (the last time they were under .500), and it doesn’t help that their pick will go directly to the best team in the league, the Oklahoma City Thunder. The list of contenders who have enough picks and young talent to strike a deal is pretty small." More news: Lakers’ LeBron James Latest Comments Raise Big Retirement Questions It’s evident that the Clippers could benefit from possessing first-round picks, as they do not control many of their picks until 2030. Thus far, he is averaging 25.4 points per game, 5.5 rebounds, 3.0 assists, while shooting 49.2 percent from the field and 39 percent from three in 31.7 minutes of action.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/yankees-insider-hints-at-9-year-veteran-remaining-in-new-york-11176790
Article: The New York Yankees could still have some offseason splashes in store, but much of what they have to do this offseason centers around shoring up the last few spots on the roster. And with Ben Rice, Jazz Chisholm Jr., and Ryan McMahon under contract, they need at least one infielder who can counterbalance the platoon splits and flat-out rake against left-handed pitching. "Can be (right-handed) first base complement to Ben Rice, among other things." Rosario batted .303 with a .788 OPS in his 16 regular-season games for the Yankees after he arrived in a deadline deal with the Washington Nationals. He went on to go 3-for-10 in the playoffs, including the RBI single that opened the scoring in the Yankees' 4-0 win over the Boston Red Sox in the sudden-death game of the best-of-three wild-card series. Though Rosario doesn't profile as an above-average defender anywhere on the diamond, he could feasibly man any infield position, and he could also take over right field in an emergency scenario, especially with the short porch in Yankee Stadium. Meanwhile, at this point in his career, the nine-year veteran Rosario likely acknowledges that he's best served as a platoon player, as his OPS against right-handed pitchers this season was just .614.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nba/lakers-star-lebron-james-reacts-to-making-nba-history-vs-76ers-11176791
Article: The soon-to-be-41-year-old has already missed 15 of LA's 23 contests, thanks mostly to a sciatica issue affecting his right side and lower back that kept him out for the first month of the season. More news: Luka Doncic Asked Lakers About Possibility of Trade for Giannis Antetokounmpo Thus far, James has been averaging a career-low 16.1 points on .464/.333/.454 shooting splits, plus 7.6 assists, 4.7 rebounds, and 0.7 blocks during a career-least 33.1 minutes per. "To be able to be in this position to play the game that I love and still be able to it at a high level and you always get mentioned with like — obviously I didn't get an opportunity to see Robert Parish in the height of his game in the '80s… but I mean, you know what he meant to the game in that era especially." The On-Court Legacy of Robert Parish A 7-foot-1 big man out of Centenary, Parish was a nine-time All-Star and two-time All-NBA Teamer while with the Celtics from 1980-94. Parish claimed four championships, three as an All-Star contributor for Boston in the 1980s and one as a deep-bench reserve for Chicago during his 21st and final season in 1996-97. Across 1,611 career regular season games, Parish boasts averages of 14.5 points on 53.7 percent shooting from the floor and 72.1 percent shooting from the charity stripe, 9.1 rebounds, 1.5 blocks, 1.4 assists and 0.8 steals per. "Appreciating the ones who came before me because they laid down the stones, they laid down the path and I'm trying to do the same thing for the next generation." More news: Lakers Land $50 Million All-Star Guard in Mega Three-Team Trade Idea For all the latest NBA news and rumors, head over to Newsweek Sports.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/ncaa/notre-dame-escapes-punishment-for-rejecting-bowl-game-11175045
Article: Notre Dame has gone scorched earth to the ACC following the College Football Playoff selection committee's decision to use the program as a prop for its rankings show on ESPN in the final weeks of the season. During an appearance on "The Dan Patrick Show" on Monday, ND athletic director Pete Bevacqua claimed the ACC did "permanent damage" as a business partner with the Irish after the way the conference threw them under the bus in a social media and television smear campaign to promote Miami. "I wouldn’t be honest with you if I didn’t say that they have certainly done permanent damage to the relationship between the conference and Notre Dame.” The Irish do have a significant benefit by not being in a conference during the bowl season. While ND earned a $20 million buyout for making the CFP national championship in January, the program won't have to pay a fine for rejecting a bowl game this season like several other schools around the country have to after skipping an exhibition matchup. Via Mark Long of the Associated Press: "Unlike Iowa State and Kansas State, which each got fined $500,000 by the Big 12 for opting out of bowls because of coaching changes, Notre Dame won’t get punished because it’s not a full-fledged member of the Atlantic Coast Conference." The Irish have pros and cons for choosing not to play in a conference for football. The negative is that the Irish don't get the benefit of the doubt in the final rankings because they don't have a chance to win a conference championship outright (like Duke).

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/betting/sleeper-promo-code-newsweekxl-claim-120-bonus-for-eagles-vs-chargers-nfl-nba-picks-11176246
Article: This bonus is the perfect way to make your player prop picks for the big game on December 8, 2025, giving you extra funds to play with as two high-powered offenses take the field. Sleeper Promo Code NEWSWEEKXL For Eagles-Chargers Before you make your picks on whether Justin Herbert will surpass his passing markets or if Jalen Hurts will continue his efficient play, be sure to capitalize on this valuable welcome bonus from Sleeper. You receive an instant $20 bonus with a minimum $10 deposit, plus a full deposit match up to $100, setting you up perfectly for the Monday night showdown at SoFi Stadium. Against an Eagles defense that has tallied 24 sacks this season, Herbert will need to get the ball out, but his season-long performance suggests he's more than capable of surpassing this total. The Chargers' defense brings a strong pass rush, having recorded 34 sacks, but Hurts' efficiency and the Eagles' league-leading 75.9% red zone conversion rate indicate he can make the necessary throws to hit this over.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/betting/betr-promo-code-newsweek-claim-210-bonus-for-eagles-chargers-nba-picks-11176152
Article: You can start locking in your picks for players like Justin Herbert, Jalen Hurts, Saquon Barkley, AJ Brown and more when you sign up before the opening kickoff and secure your bonuses. Betr Promo Code NEWSWEEK: Claim $210 Eagles-Chargers DFS Bonus When you have set up your account and secured your bonuses, you will just have to make your first picks for your first entry. Here's an example of selections that would work for your first play: DeVonta Smith over 55.5 receiving yards Keenan Allen over 36.5 receiving yards Quentin Johnston over 33.5 receiving yards Dallas Goedert over 30.5 receiving yards Oronde Gadsden under 38.5 receiving yards Then, decide how much you want to risk and choose a dynamic or perfect play. You can use one of these picks for each entry you want to make: AJ Brown over 47.5 receiving yards Jalen Hurts over 0.5 passing yards Ladd McConkey over 25.5 receiving yards AJ Brown over 0.5 touchdowns Omarion Hampton over 0.5 touchdowns Saquon Barkley over 35.5 rushing + receiving yards Justin Herbert over 94.5 passing yards Kimani Vidal over 24.5 rushing yards Cameron Dicker over 48.5 yards for longest field goal Unlock Betr Promo Code NEWSWEEK Welcome Offer Claim this offer from Betr Picks by clicking here and going through these steps: Enter the promo code NEWSWEEK Input identifying information (Legal name, birth date, address, etc.) Make a deposit with a compatible payment method to get up to $200 in bonuses (Credit card, debit card, etc.) Start making your picks for Eagles-Chargers or any other game tonight Decide how much to risk and choose a dynamic or perfect play for your first entry Newsweek may earn an affiliate commission if you sign up through the links in this article.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/betting/thescore-bet-promo-code-newsweek-claim-100-bonus-for-eagles-chargers-nba-games-11176132
Article: You do have to win your $10 bet on tonight's game to get your bonus bets, and we will show you some betting markets that you might want to consider for tonight. Some examples are listed below: Chargers +10 alternate spread (-475) Jalen Hurts 150+ passing yards (-400) Justin Herbert 1+ passing touchdowns (-450) Keenan Allen 20+ receiving yards (-450) Omarion Hampton 25+ rushing yards (-450) When you place your $10 bet, you will have to wait for it to settle to see if you win the $100 in bonus bets. The trending options are listed below: Saquon Barkley and Omarion Hamption EACH 60+ rushing yards and 15+ yards for longest run (+595) Jalen Hurts and Justin Herbert 225+ passing yards and 2+ passing touchdowns (+984) AJ Brown 6+ receptions, Ladd McConkey 5+ receptions, DeVonta Smith 4+ receptions, Keenan Allen 3+ receptions (+631) Saquon Barkley, Jalen Hurts, Ladd McConkey, Omarion Hampton EACH score a touchdown (+3169) How To Sign Up With theScore Promo Code NEWSWEEK Secure this offer from theScore by clicking here and going through the registration process.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/wrestling/top-aew-star-set-for-massive-return-report-11176822
Article: According to a new report from Fightful Select, the former AEW World Champion was originally expected to return in the weeks following an initial update in November, but that timeline has since shifted. WrestleVotes confirmed on "WrestleVotes Live" via Fightful Select that as of Thanksgiving week, MJF was factored into the creative plans for "AEW Worlds End." While the specific extent of his role is not yet known, there have been working plans for him to be involved in the pay-per-view event. More news: Nikki Bella Reunites With Ex-Boyfriend At WWE Raw Following that loss, Friedman took time off to film "Violent Night 2," a sequel to the 2022 action-comedy starring David Harbour.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/ice-detainees-abuse-threats-deportation-fort-bliss-11175791
Article: The allegations, shared by the American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) on Monday, detail multiple incidents at the Fort Bliss, Texas, facility that has rapidly expanded as the Trump administration accelerates its deportation plan. “The guards also grabbed and crushed my testicles between their fingers, which was very painful and humiliating.” The Department of Homeland Security (DHS) responded to the allegations, telling Newsweek that detainees receive excellent care and that "no detainees are being beaten or abused." "No lawbreakers in the history of human civilization have been treated better than illegal aliens in the United States," DHS Assistant Secretary Tricia McLaughlin told Newsweek. "Get a grip." Why It Matters The Trump administration has repeatedly denied claims of abuse and poor conditions at ICE detention centers, despite many sworn affidavits from immigrants and attorneys who have been able to access them. What To Know The ACLU said Monday that it had spent months interviewing more than 45 people detained at Fort Bliss, in East El Paso, with 16 agreeing to sign sworn statements that included sketches of the places on their bodies where they had allegedly been injured by agents. Isaac, his real name redacted in the statements shared by the ACLU, documented how he and a group of around 20 people were placed on a bus and taken from the detention center to what he understood to be the southwest border with Mexico. Another Cuban, named “Benjamin,” detailed a similar incident, writing that agents said “they would handcuff us, put bags over our heads and send us to Mexico,” adding “I refused to sign the papers.” Benjamin and others wrote of their lack of medical care for ongoing conditions, as well as poor food and drink provisions, and a refusal by staff for immigrants to see court orders and other documentation related to their cases. I am hopeful that I will not be here forever.” The Fort Bliss, or Camp East Montana, site has already come under scrutiny since its opening in the summer, including from Representative Veronica Escobar, a Texas Democrat who wrote to DHS and ICE in early November, urging Secretary of Homeland Security Kristi Noem and Acting ICE Director Todd Lyons to act on the concerns raised. ICE and DHS have long insisted, however, that such claims about poor conditions at detention centers are false, and that immigrants, many set for deportation, are given excellent medical care, good meals, and are often in conditions far better than the federal prison system. Such removals to these countries can happen with little notice, with groups like the ACLU raising concerns that immigrants are not given adequate time to appeal decisions, especially if they are worried they will face torture. Supreme Court has overruled a lower court’s decision to give immigrants “meaningful opportunity” to appeal, but the ruling is only temporary, with a lower court set to hear an appeal later this month. What People Are Saying The ACLU in its letter to ICE and DHS on Monday: “These actions by federal officers are clear violations of statutory, regulatory, and due process protections, including mandatory protections that require meaningful notice and an opportunity to contest a third-country removal on the basis of fear. These actions violate even the Department of Homeland Security’s (“DHS”) protocol for third-country removals, the legality of which is being challenged in federal court.” Assistant DHS Secretary Tricia McLaughlin, in a statement to Newsweek: "This is fearmongering clickbait. Constitution, are essential to the safety of our homeland and the American people." Representative Veronica Escobar, a Texas Democrat, in her November 7 letter to DHS: “Conditions at Camp East Montana are dangerous and inhumane; they have been since the facility opened at the beginning of August (when it was still an active construction site) and only seem to be deteriorating. Continuing to detain people at Camp East Montana means continually exposing people to risks from bad water, unhygienic conditions, poorly built facilities, and a general lack of security and reliable management." What Happens Next The ACLU is demanding that DHS stop holding immigrants at Fort Bliss, while also calling for an end to third-country removals until a full investigation can take place.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/ncaa/nick-saban-message-inspired-miami-coach-amid-notre-dame-cfp-backlash-11175967
Article: The College Football Playoff selection committee chose Miami because of the team's 27-24 win over Notre Dame during its season opener, which turned out to be the deciding factor for which team would snag that last spot. While he learned plenty of lessons and football knowledge under the legendary head coach, there was one quote from Cristobal's time in Tuscaloosa as an assistant that came to mind when thinking about this year's College Football Playoff. "There was observation from the coaches in the room where Notre Dame did a lot of chasing of some of the athletic receivers, especially on the Miami side, and it just felt like there was a little bit more athleticism on the side of Miami versus Notre Dame," Yurachek explained.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c4g9kx0je10o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Branding and logo for Great British Railways unveiled 23 minutes ago Share Save Michael Sheils McNamee Business reporter Share Save Department for Transport The government has unveiled its branding for Great British Railways (GBR), marking a step forward in plans to nationalise the railways. The new livery and branding uses a red, white and blue colour scheme to mirror the Union Flag and will be used on GBR trains, at stations and on its website and app. Department for Transport A mock up of what the GBR app might look like Seven train operators are already in public hands, accounting for about a third of journeys, with the franchises being acquired as their contracts have expired. The GBR logo is the distinctive double-arrow logo currently used by National Rail, which looks after Britain's rail infrastructure, and was created in the 1960s as the logo of British Rail - the state-owned company which previously operated Britain's railways. Department for Transport Transport Secretary Heidi Alexander said that the new design "isn't just a paint job", and that it represents "a new railway, casting off the frustrations of the past and focused entirely on delivering a proper public service for passengers".

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/ce86381p70eo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: How Australia found itself battling big tech over social media for children 49 minutes ago Share Save Lily Jamali , North America Technology Correspondent, San Francisco and Tiffanie Turnbull , Sydney Share Save Getty Images When Stephen Scheeler became Facebook's Australia chief in the early 2010s, he was a true believer in the power of the internet, and social media, for public good. "Australia is engaged in blanket censorship that will make its youth less informed, less connected, and less equipped to navigate the spaces they will be expected to understand as adults," said Paul Taske from NetChoice, a trade group representing several big tech companies. In January, a landmark trial will begin in the US hearing allegations that several – including Meta, TikTok, Snapchat and YouTube – have designed their apps to be addictive and knowingly covered up the harm their platforms cause. In another ongoing case, state prosecutors alleged that Zuckerberg personally scuttled efforts to improve the wellbeing of teens on the company's platforms, including vetoing a proposal to ditch Instagram face-altering beauty filters which experts say fuel body dysmorphia and eating disorders. Former Meta employees Sarah Wynn-Williams, Frances Haugen and Arturo Béjar have given testimony before the US Congress alleging a range of wrongdoing they observed during their stints at the company. "This is why we invest so much and we are going to continue doing industry wide efforts to make sure no one has to go through the things your families have had to suffer," Zuckerberg said. "While we're committed to meeting our legal obligations, we've consistently raised concerns about this law… There's a better way: legislation that empowers parents to approve app downloads and verify age allows families - not the government - to decide which apps teens can access," a statement from Meta provided to the BBC said. Watch: Annika Wells says big tech won't intimidate her over Australian social media ban Asked why her government was unsympathetic to this reasoning - why anything short of a ban was unacceptable - Wells said the tech companies have had plenty of time to improve their practices. "They have had 15, 20 years in this space to do that of their own volition now, and… it's not enough." Leaders in other countries feel the same, and have been knocking on her door for help, she says, rattling off the EU, Fiji, Greece, even Malta, as examples. As the Australia ban loomed, the mounting pressure prompted the companies to introduce versions of their products marketed as safer for young users, said Pinar Yildirim, a marketing professor at the University of Pennsylvania's Wharton School. In July, YouTube announced the rollout of AI technology that estimates a user's age in a bid to identify those younger than 18 and better shield them from harmful content. And last year, Meta unveiled Instagram Teen accounts which similarly place users younger than 18 into more restricted privacy and content settings that Meta says are designed to limit unwanted contacts and exposure to explicit content. Getty Images Forced onto the defensive, the companies have attempted to convey that they are making a good faith effort to comply with Australia's impending ban despite their disagreement with it. And the fines - a maximum of A$49.5m ($33m, £24.5m) for serious breaches - might just be seen as the cost of doing business, according to Carnegie Mellon University marketing professor Ari Lightman. "Some would argue that bad regulation is worse than no regulation, and sometimes that's true, but I think in this instance, even imperfect regulation is better than nothing, or better than what we had before," he says.

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/12/08/nx-s1-5633222/when-christmas-is-a-little-too-bright-look-to-krampus
Article: He's the owner of Fressen Artisan Bakery in Portland, Ore., and on Saturday it was filled with families eating pfeffernüsse (German spice cookies) and stollen (a marzipan-filled yeasted Christmas cake), and lining up to get their pictures taken. And she says it's because he came with the best merch: chocolates, pepper grinders and most importantly, Krampus postcards, which are made in places like Salzburg, Austria and can be cheaply and easily sent around the world. For him, Krampus provides a valuable lesson: "To make peace with winter, and with the spirit of winter, by inviting it to your party — so it does not sneak up behind you because you have failed to acknowledge it." And as the sun sets at 4:30, for some, it feels right to embrace the darkness — and to become it.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/nation/disney-changed-the-disability-policies-for-their-parks-heres-what-to-know
Article: (AP) — Changes that Disney made to a popular program that lets qualifying disabled people skip long lines at its California and Florida theme parks are too restrictive, disabled fans contend in a federal lawsuit and shareholder proposal that seek to expand eligibility. The battle over who can skip long lines on popular rides because of their disabilities marks the latest struggle by Disney to accommodate disabled visitors while cracking down on past abuses. The Disability Access Service, or DAS, program allows pass-holders and their immediate family members to make an online reservation for a ride while in the park and then get into an expedited line that typically takes about 10 minutes when it’s their time to go on the ride. The DAS program started in 2013 in response to past abuses by disabled “tour guides” who charged money, sometimes hundreds of dollars, to accompany able-bodied guests, enabling such guests to go to the front of lines. Before last year’s changes, the percentage of guests having DAS passes jumped from around 5% to 20% over the past dozen years “and showed no signs of slowing,” the company said in court papers. READ MORE: Supreme Court dismisses case that could have limited lawsuits over disability access Disney parks make other accommodations for disabled visitors, including maps in Braille, a device that helps transfer visitors from wheelchairs to ride seats, quiet break locations and American Sign Language interpreters for some live shows. Under the changes, guests seeking a DAS pass must be interviewed via video chat by a Disney worker and a contracted medical professional who determine if the person is eligible. But we don’t, and unfortunately for us, we need adaptations to how we wait.” Disney says the Americans with Disabilities Act doesn’t require equal treatment of people with varying disabilities. A shareholder proposal submitted on behalf of DAS Defenders, an advocacy group of Disney fans opposed to the DAS changes, calls on the company next year to commission an independent review of its disability policies and publicly release the findings. Disney’s attorneys told the Securities and Exchange Commission in a November letter that it intends to block the proposal ahead of the company’s 2026 shareholder meeting, saying it was false and misleading about the reasons for an attendance decline, which the company attributed to hurricanes.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/winter-weather-hits-midwest-east-pacific-northwest-rain/story?id=128204447
Article: Matt McClain/The Washington Post via Getty Images Norfolk, Virginia, could see up to 2 inches; up to 1 inch is possible for eastern Kentucky and the Raleigh-Durham area of North Carolina; and 1 to 3 inches of snow could hit western Virginia and southern West Virginia.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/business/corporations/trump-nvidia-h200-chips-ai-china-rcna248107
Article: President Donald Trump said on Monday that he has informed President Xi Jinping of China that "the United States will allow NVIDIA to ship its H200 products to approved customers in China." Nvidia's H200 is a generation behind its latest "Blackwell" chip, which is considered among the most advanced and high-powered AI chips available anywhere. Nvidia says it currently has more than $500 billion worth of orders for its best AI chips to fulfill this year and next — and that's before factoring in any buyers in China. In his social media post, Trump said: "President Xi responded positively!" "We applaud President Trump's decision to allow America's chip industry to compete to support high paying jobs and manufacturing in America," Nvidia told NBC News in a statement. John Kennedy, R-La., didn't attend the meeting because he said he did not consider Huang to be "an objective, credible source about whether we should be selling chips to China." Kennedy said Huang wants to sell to Chinese customers for financial gain. Chris Coons of Delaware to introduce a "Safe Chips Act." "Just as the American dollar is the world standard that economies are built on, we want the American tech stack for the world’s technology and industries to be built on, and that includes China,” Huang said on Yahoo Finance in August.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nfl/aaron-rodgers-throws-jab-pittsburgh-steelers-roman-wilson-11177253
Article: The Pittsburgh Steelers defeated the Baltimore Ravens on Sunday in what was one of Aaron Rodgers' stronger performance of the season, as he went 23-for-34 with 284 yards and a touchdown. The Steelers signed Adam Thielen heading into the contest, so he was active for the matchup and logged one catch for four yards, but in the process, Pittsburgh made fellow wide receiver Roman Wilson a healthy scratch. Read more: Bears Star Lands Bleak Trade Update After Latest Brutal Performance Steelers insider Mark Kaboly said that "something's weird" with the team's decision to bench Wilson, and Rodgers appeared to be taking a shot at Wilson when he described the state of the receiving corps. So, I’ve got to think that just Marquez [Valdes-Scantling] and Adam out there made a difference from a professionalism standpoint." Does that mean that Wilson perhaps was not behaving in a professional manner throughout the week? "I love all of our other guys, but I just think there was an extra level of focus this week.” Rodgers added that he wasn't taking a shot at anyone in particular, but it's hard not to read between the lines and glean that the future Hall-of-Fame quarterback was probably referring to Wilson. Read more: Rams Linked to Blockbuster Trade to Replace Matthew Stafford It's been fairly evident all year long that head coach Mike Tomlin is not a huge fan of Wilson, who won a national championship during his final season at Michigan in 2023.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/donald-trump-breaks-an-unwanted-record-11176582
Article: A record number of Americans think they’ll be worse off financially next year, marking the highest percentage in either of Trump’s presidential terms of those who are fearing the worst at any point. “It reflects an economy that is technically growing, but doesn’t feel like it is improving fast enough for regular households,” Michael Ryan, a finance expert and the founder of MichaelRyanMoney.com, told Newsweek. Why It Matters The number of Americans who feel they will be worse off financially next year is a key indicator of American sentiment on the economy and often the broader presidential administration. “Households feel squeezed from both sides: credit costs more, savings buffers from the pandemic are mostly gone, and wage gains are no longer clearly outrunning the price of everyday life.” The higher percentage reflects not only rising inflation and declining affordability but also the reality that many Americans aren’t experiencing the “wealth effect” of the stock market, said Kevin Thompson, the CEO of 9i Capital Group and the host of the 9innings podcast. What People Are Saying Michael Ryan, a finance expert and the founder of MichaelRyanMoney.com, told Newsweek: “When nearly 39 percent say ‘I’ll be worse off next year,’ they’re not doing macroeconomics, they’re doing kitchen‑table math. Think of a family whose rent jumped 20 percent over three years and whose car insurance is up 30 percent: even if inflation is “only” 3 percent now, their budget never reset lower.” Alex Beene, a financial literacy instructor for the University of Tennessee at Martin, told Newsweek: “There should be no surprise in recent polling that indicates more Americans are concerned about their financial futures in the year ahead. When you add in headlines of mass layoffs in a number of sectors this year and fears of more job cuts to come, it's easy to see why many Americans are worried about their personal economic outlooks.” What Happens Next The Fed and independent forecasters have been signaling slower growth ahead than the Trump administration’s forecasts, so households are hearing two conflicting stories about the future and “tend to trust their paychecks over press conferences,” Ryan said.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/betting/best-eagles-vs-chargers-player-props-herbert-barkley-to-get-going-11176856
Article: Against a good Chargers D -- and without star right tackle Lane Johnson -- can the Eagles get back on the right track after losing to the Cowboys and Bears the last two weeks? While I don't expect a shootout (for the record, neither do oddsmakers; the total is set at just 41.5), I do expect a solid rushing night by Justin Herbert and a commitment to the ground game by Philly, which makes Saquon Barkley a tempting bet to go over his rushing yardage total. Justin Herbert Over 18.5 Rushing Yards (-111 at DK) -- 0.5 units Bear with me as I make the case for a banged-up quarterback to make plays with his legs against a good defense. Candidly, I'm throwing this out there somewhat by default, as it's hard to figure out who will get the bulk of the carries for a Chargers backfield that is projected to have Omarion Hampton, Hassan Haskins and Kimani Vidal all in action. What I do feel confident in is the Eagles' pass rush forcing Herbert out of the pocket, even though he he's only run the ball six times for a total of 29 yards over the last two weeks. Saquon Barkley Over 69.5 Rushing Yards (-112 at FD) -- 0.5 units This one doesn't quite feel like a lock to me, either, but I do expect Philly to heavily feature Barkley and the running game against one of the best passing defenses in the NFL. The Chargers have held their last five opponents to under 160 yards through the air, and it wouldn't surprise me to see this outstanding secondary limit Jalen Hurts to another underwhelming night. This is a roll of the dice given that Barkley has only run for 70 yards or more three times this year, but the game script should be favorable, and it would make sense for the Eagles to heavily feature Barkley after going pass-heavy with little success in losses the last two weeks (Philly had 40 dropbacks and 18 rushing attempts in the Week 12 loss to the Cowboys, and it had 34 passing attempts and just 17 rushes in last week's loss to the Bears).

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nfl/lane-johnson-sparks-confusion-with-cryptic-post-before-eagles-chargers-11177167
Article: More Football: ACC Releases Statement Responding to Notre Dame’s Public Call Out The Eagles are 8-4 heading into Monday night's matchup against the Chargers, losing each of their last two games against the Dallas Cowboys and Chicago Bears.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/list-of-schools-closing-tuesday-as-winter-snowstorm-hits-11176750
Article: Officials at public and private schools along the Eastern Seaboard are already making decisions about closings and delays for Tuesday as a winter storm brings heavy snow and slick roads to several states. Amelia County Public Schools Dinwiddie County Public Schools Fuqua School Prince Edward County Public Schools North Carolina In Eastern North Carolina, several schools have already announced two-hour delays for Tuesday. Make sure your car is winterized and in good working order." Most winter storm warnings were set to expire by Monday night, but some weather advisories stretched into the early hours of Tuesday.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/betting/fanduel-promo-code-get-150-eagles-chargers-bonus-300-missouri-offer-11176377
Article: New sports bettors looking to get in on the action for the primetime Monday Night Football matchup between the Philadelphia Eagles and Los Angeles Chargers can utilize the latest FanDuel promo code offer to score a $150 bonus. Los Angeles Chargers Betting Preview A marquee non-conference showdown is set as the defending Super Bowl champion Philadelphia Eagles travel to face the Los Angeles Chargers under the Monday Night Football lights. This contest will feature a compelling quarterback duel between two of the league's most dynamic young passers, headlining what ESPN is calling a special 'Monsters Funday Football' telecast with a Disney's 'Monsters, Inc.' theme. For the visiting Philadelphia Eagles, Jalen Hurts will be under center, having posted a stellar 103.9 passer rating through 12 games this season despite recent fan frustrations over the team's back-to-back losses. The Eagles' Jalen Hurts will be matched by the Los Angeles Chargers' Justin Herbert, who has averaged 236.8 passing yards per game in his 12 appearances under head coach Jim Harbaugh's guidance.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/betting/bet365-bonus-code-week365-claim-150-bonus-for-eagles-chargers-mnf-11176031
Article: Bet365 Bonus Code WEEK365: Choose Reward For Eagles-Chargers New users will have an exciting matchup to bet on tonight, as both the Eagles and the Chargers are hoping to make the postseason. Some of the boosts for tonight are listed below: Saquon Barkley, AJ Brown, Jalen Hurts EACH score a touchdown (+1100 boosted to +1200) Eagles moneyline, Saquon Barkley 80+ rushing yards and 2+ touchdowns (+1150 boosted to +1400) Chargers moneyline, Justin Herbert 250+ passing yards and 2+ passing touchdowns (+650 boosted to +750) Eagles moneyline, Jalen Hurts 30+ rushing yards, Kimani Vidal to score a touchdown (+1200 boosted to +1400) Register With Bet365 Bonus Code WEEK365 Click here to go to the registration page and follow these steps to get set up with your preferred offer: Enter the bonus code WEEK365 Provide identifying information to create your account (Name, birth date, address, phone number, email, etc.) Make a deposit with a compatible payment method (Credit card, debit card, online banking, etc.) Place your first bet to activate the $150 bonus offer or the $1,000 safety net Use any bonus bets you receive within one week before they expire from your account Newsweek may earn an affiliate commission if you sign up through the links in this article.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/wrestling/wwe-star-threatens-to-miss-raw-once-again-11177003
Article: "The Man" then fell short in the women's WarGames match at "Survivor Series 2025." Lynch also lost her tag team match at "WrestlePalooza," where she was paired with Seth Rollins against AJ Lee and CM Punk. That was her last successful Intercontinental title defense against Nikki Bella at "Clash in Paris." A lot has changed since that match took place, including a heel turn for Bella.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nba/nba-insider-puts-kendrick-perkins-on-blast-for-anthony-davis-trade-rumor-11176846
Article: The Dallas Mavericks made one of the most controversial trades in NBA history in the 2024-25 season, sending All-NBA point guard and MVP candidate Luka Doncic for a package centered around 32-year-old power forward Anthony Davis. He's averaging 19.8 points per game as a Maverick to go with 10.2 rebounds, both of which are his lowest averages with any team — though not terrible by any means. More news: Giannis Antetokounmpo Pushed for Blockbuster Trade to East Contender This Summer: Report The Pistons are currently first in the Eastern Conference with a 19-5 record — already eclipsing their 14-win 2023-24 season. More news: Massive Knicks Trade Idea Sees New York Land Giannis Antetokounmpo The Pistons don't especially need a glass cleaner, though, as Duren has been exceptional for Detroit so far this season.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/ice-tracking-app-developer-sues-trump-after-apple-removal-11176985
Article: The lawsuit, filed in federal court in Texas, claims Attorney General Pam Bondi used “state power” to compel the tech giant to take down ICEBlock, an app that its maker says was designed to help immigrant communities stay aware of nearby Immigration and Customs Enforcement activity. On Friday, House Committee on Homeland Security Chairman Andrew Garbarino, a New York Republican, and Oversight, Investigations, and Accountability Subcommittee Chairman Josh Brecheen, an Oklahoma Republican, sent letters obtained exclusively by Newsweek to Apple CEO Tim Cook and Google CEO Sundar Pichai. “We’re basically asking the court to set a precedent and affirm that ICEBlock is, in fact, First Amendment-protected speech and that I did nothing wrong by creating it,” Aaron said in an interview Monday. He added that he also wants officials to “stop threatening myself and my family.” Aaron launched ICEBlock in April as a tool meant to help immigrants anticipate raids and avoid potential harassment. Emails shared by Aaron show Apple informed him in October it would block further downloads of the app based on information “provided to Apple by law enforcement.” The company said ICEBlock violated its policies “because its purpose is to provide location information about law enforcement officers that can be used to harm such officers individually or as a group.” Aaron disputes that claim, saying ICEBlock functioned similarly to Apple’s own navigation tools that can alert drivers to nearby police speed traps. What People Are Saying Aaron said, “These are people wearing masks — which is the antithesis of everything about this country — and they are not identifying themselves, and they’re zip-tying children and throwing women into vans. Less transparency makes it easier for a paramilitary force to operate with impunity.” Bondi has defended her stance, telling Fox News earlier this year that Aaron was “endangering law enforcement” by “giving a message to criminals where our federal officers are.” She added: “He better watch out, because that’s not protected speech.” What Happens Next The lawsuit seeks to bar the government from pursuing criminal charges against him, citing what Aaron describes as “unlawful threats” made by Bondi, Homeland Security Secretary Kristi Noem, ICE Acting Director Todd M.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/local/duolingo-former-beaumont-hooters/502-4b1668d6-a136-4e99-b32e-67857d3f07d2
Article: BEAUMONT, Texas — A new Duolingo banner is turning heads along Interstate 10 in Beaumont, where the language-learning company’s owl mascot now hangs at the former Hooters restaurant that closed in 2024. Duo spotted an empty nest and decided to make himself visible.” The company also shared a video of Duo sitting in front of a whiteboard listing humorous “business opportunities,” including crossed-off ideas such as owl funeral services and human petting zoos.

Link: https://abc7.com/post/foundations-annual-boo-yah-event-series-honoring-stuart-scott-kicks-off-week-nyc/18264829/
Article: This year, cancer survivor and former NFL pro Randy Moss will receive the first Stuart Scott Impact Award for his advocacy for early screening and fair access to care for minority communities. "What keeps researchers going is the possibility of helping patients and families who desperately need better options, and we fund them through the V Foundation, we give them freedom, tools and confidence to keep pushing forward," Greer said.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/politics/swing-district-republicans-brace-for-political-fallout-if-health-care-subsidies-expire
Article: House districts are working to contain the political fallout that may come when thousands of their constituents face higher bills for health insurance coverage obtained through the Affordable Care Act. “I think that we need to deal with the reality of where we are now and even if you have a broken system, that doesn’t mean that you shouldn’t provide or offer relief to individuals who are dealing with those high costs right now,” Mackenzie said in an interview with The Associated Press. READ MORE: 4 tips for navigating higher ACA health care premiums The party’s strategy for capturing the House majority centers on pinning higher bills for groceries, health insurance and utilities on the policies of Trump and Republicans. Mike Johnson, R-La., encouraging the temporary extension of the tax credits, saying letting them “lapse without a clear path forward would risk real harm to those we represent.” WATCH: Johnson faces growing frustration from Republicans as key issues expose rifts Johnson hasn’t committed to a short-term extension vote before Jan. Kiley said the current system isn’t working, but there’s not enough time to make systematic reforms before millions of Americans “just suddenly pay double on their premiums.” READ MORE: 3 things to watch as Congress rounds out the year U.S. Jeff Van Drew, R-N.J., also has a bill to temporarily extend the credit, and said letting the subsidy lapse will make it harder for Republicans to retain the majority next year. Richard Hudson of North Carolina, chair of the House Republicans’ campaign arm, said the tax credits won’t be “decisive” in next year’s election when other things are likely to be on voters’ minds. WATCH: Trump says the word ‘affordability’ is a ‘con job’ by the Democrats The Congressional Budget Office projects that 3.8 million more people will be uninsured in 2035 if the tax credits aren’t extended. The expiration of the tax credits means enrollees will see annual premiums more than double — from an average of $888 in 2025 to $1,904 in 2026, according to health care research nonprofit KFF. The size of the increases varies by state, age and income and will be more extreme in Mackenzie’s district, according to state data, which puts the average premium increase at 178%. Another Democrat, Carol Obando-Derstine, called the impending expiration a “crisis of (Mackenzie’s) own making.” Mackenzie says he’s made it clear repeatedly that he supports an extension, but that “I am not the speaker, I don’t set the calendar or the agenda. I’m not the leader, I can’t call up bills.” Enrollees facing hard choices In Mackenzie’s district, more than 20,000 people received the enhanced tax credits in 2025, according to state data. One of those 20,000 people in Mackenzie’s district is Patrick Visconti, who switched to a low-premium, high-deductible plan because he couldn’t afford to keep his plan with a premium that is more than doubling from under $200 to over $500 a month.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/world/trump-approves-sale-of-more-advanced-nvidia-computer-chips-used-in-ai-to-china
Article: WASHINGTON (AP) — President Donald Trump said Monday that he would allow Nvidia to sell an advanced type of computer chip used in the development of artificial intelligence to “approved customers” in China. Nvidia said in a statement that it applauded Trump’s decision, saying the choice would support domestic manufacturing and that by allowing the Commerce Department to vet commercial customers it would “strike a thoughtful balance” on economic and national security priorities. But there have been concerns that China will find ways to use the chips to develop its own AI products in ways that could pose national security risks for the U.S., a primary concern of the Biden administration that sought to limit exports.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/judge-orders-top-doj-attorney-testify-alien-enemies/story?id=128222048
Article: More than 250 suspected gang members arrive in El Salvador by plane, including 238 members of Venezuela's Tren de Aragua gang and 23 members of the MS-13 gang, who were deported to El Salvador by the US in San Salvador, El Salvador, March 16, 2025. After the Trump administration provided limited information about the decision to deport more than a hundred men under the Alien Enemies Act in March, a federal judge on Monday ordered a top DOJ attorney involved in the deportations to testify later this month. District Judge James Boasberg ordered Drew Ensign -- Deputy Assistant Attorney General for the Office of Immigration Litigation of the Civil Division -- to testify during a hearing on Dec. The Trump administration in March invoked the Alien Enemies Act -- an 18th century wartime authority used to remove noncitizens with little-to-no due process -- to deport two planeloads of alleged migrant gang members to the CECOT mega-prison in El Salvador by arguing that the Venezuelan gang Tren de Aragua is a "hybrid criminal state" that is invading the United States. Boasberg issued a temporary restraining order and ordered that the planes be turned around, but Justice Department attorneys said his oral instructions directing the flight to be returned were defective, and the deportations proceeded as planned. "The Court thus believes that it is necessary to hear witness testimony to better understand the bases of the decision to transfer the deportees out of United States custody in the context of the hearing on March 15, 2025," Judge Boasberg wrote in his order Monday. "The events surrounding this decision should shed light on this question." More than 250 suspected gang members arrive in El Salvador by plane, including 238 members of Venezuela's Tren de Aragua gang and 23 members of the MS-13 gang, who were deported to El Salvador by the US in San Salvador, El Salvador, March 16, 2025. El Salvador Presidency/Handout/Anadolu via Getty Images In his ruling, Judge Boasberg noted that it would be "premature" to refer anyone to be prosecuted for contempt because of the limited information provided by Trump administration officials about the deportations. He wrote that DHS Secretary Kristi Noem's brief sworn declaration recently submitted in the case did "not provide enough information for the Court to determine whether her decision was a willful violation of the Court's Order." Noem said in her sworn filing that she decided to continue the transfer of detainees after getting legal advice from DOJ leadership, including Joseph Mazarra, the acting general counsel of DHS. "As this declaration does not provide enough information for the Court to determine whether her decision was a willful violation of the Court's Order, the Court cannot at this juncture find probable cause that her actions constituted criminal contempt," Boasberg wrote. "A referral for prosecution, consequently, would be premature." Mazarra, in his declaration on Friday, said that he analyzed Judge Boasberg's order that sought to block the deportations and then provided Noem with legal advice. The DOJ has maintained that it doesn't believe officials deliberately violated Boasberg's order to return the planes, and has accused him of overstepping his judicial authorities by proceeding with his contempt investigation.

Link: https://www.latimes.com/california/story/2025-12-08/holiday-shipping-deadlines-when-to-ship-your-gifts-so-they-arrive-on-time
Article: Advertisement At the United States Postal Service, planning to handle the influx of holiday packages takes place throughout the year, “and we are well prepared and ready to deliver for the American public,” Postmaster General David Steiner said in a statement. In anticipation of the peak delivery season, the postal service increased daily processing from 60 million to 88 million packages by deploying more than 600 package sorters, hiring 14,000 seasonal workers, debuting new facilities and deploying 24,000 delivery vehicles. 16 for packages sent as Priority Mail Express International service Food 22 of the best holiday pop-up bars in Los Angeles Sip on seasonal cocktails at some of L.A.’s best holiday pop-up bars, including a classic Mexican American haunt in Sherman Oaks and a soulful seafood destination in downtown L.A.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/winter-storm-watch-map-shows-states-facing-possible-blizzard-conditions-11176904
Article: It really is a two-pronged event; a couple inches of snow, then the wind concern." The breadth and intensity of this system raise possible concerns for millions of Americans, especially as it coincides with the busy travel period amid the holiday season, and as an upcoming Arctic air mass deepens across the Midwest, Northeast, and Southeast. In Minnesota, Renville, Sibley, Blue Earth, Brown, Faribault, Freeborn, Le Sueur, Martin, Nicollet, Waseca, Watonwan, Redwood, Chippewa, Lac Qui Parle, and Yellow Medicine Counties are impacted by the watch and the southwest region of the state, the NWS says. "We could be looking at isolated areas seeing up to 8 inches." Bann added that the system will move out of the area, including the wind on the backend, by the latter part of Wednesday.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/how-to-watch-suns-vs-timberwolves-live-stream-nba-tv-channel-11177335
Article: How to Watch Suns vs Timberwolves When: Monday, December 8, 2025 Time: 7:30 PM ET TV Channel: Chicago Sports Network try for free ); Peacock ( watch now ) Live Stream: Fubo (); Peacock ( This game can be live-streamed locally with Fubo with a free trial or nationally with Peacock The Timberwolves come into this one on a hot streak; they've won five straight and are looking to extend that at home, riding strong offensive performances in recent games. They carry all of the channels you will need to never miss your favorite team's games, including nationally broadcast channels like ESPN, ABC, and NBA TV, as well as local team coverage.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/betting/missouri-sports-betting-apps-get-top-offers-for-eagles-chargers-mnf-11176463
Article: DraftKings Sportsbook: Bet $5, Get $300 Bonus With the DraftKings Sportsbook app, you will be able to bet $5 on tonight's game to instantly get $300 in bonus bets credited to your account. You do not have to worry about winning this first bet, so you can take advantage of unique pre-made parlays like these: Jalen Hurts, Quentin Johnston, Saquon Barkley EACH score a touchdown (+1300) Justin Herbert and Jalen Hurts 240+ passing + rushing yards and 2+ passing touchdowns (+750) BetMGM Bonus Code NEWSWEEK1500: $1.5K First Bet Bet up to $1,500 on Eagles-Chargers tonight knowing that you will get your stake back if your bet settles as a loss. Bet boosts like these are great candidates for your first bet: Saquon Barkley, Jalen Hurts, AJ Brown EACH score a touchdown (+1100 boosted to +1200) Chargers moneyline, Justin Herbert 250+ passing yards and 2+ passing touchdowns (+625 boosted to +750) FanDuel Sportsbook: Get $300 Instant Bonus Create a new FanDuel Sportsbook account in Missouri to be guaranteed $300 in bonus bets. FanDuel provides pre-made parlays for tonight's game and more: Jalen Hurts 150+ passing yards, Ladd McConkey 4+ receptions, Kimani Vidal 20+ rushing yards, AJ Brown to score a touchdown (+432) AJ Brown 80+ receiving yards, DeVonta Smith 60+ receiving yards, Ladd McConkey 70+ receiving yards, Keenan Allen 50+ receiving yards (+3341) Caesars Sportsbook Promo Code NEWSWKMO: Bet $5, Win $150 Bonus With the latest Caesars Sportsbook Missouri offer, you have an opportunity to win $150 in bonus bets. We have provided a few suggestions: Chargers +9.5 alternate spread (-417) Eagles-Chargers over 31 alternate total (-500 Fanatics Sportsbook: Bet $30, Get $300 FanCash Bet $10 on the first three days after you sign up with Fanatics Sportsbook to get $300 in FanCash. Consider some of these betting markets: Eagles +7 alternate spread (-500) Justin Herbert 175+ passing yards (-350) Newsweek may earn an affiliate commission if you sign up through the links in this article.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/mlb/yankees-aaron-boone-sends-clear-message-to-cody-bellinger-amid-free-agency-11176889
Article: "Obviously, what Cody brought to us last year in so many ways, who he was in the room, his performance between the lines on both sides of the ball, his athleticism, his versatility, who wouldn't want a player like that? The Winter Meetings are expected to be as crazy as ever, and the Yankees' financial goals for the offseason have also called into question how far the storied franchise will go to bring back Bellinger.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/wife-detained-green-card-interview-ice-san-diego-11176819
Article: A Ukrainian woman married to a United States citizen has become one of the latest applicants to be detained by federal agents at their green card interview, despite her husband saying she had always had legal status. Then, when she finished everything, she said that it was fine…She said everything is good, it’s going to be okay, but she said, ‘I need to step out, excuse me,’” Korol told Newsweek on Monday afternoon. “She stepped out of the room, she came back with two people from ICE, and they said they were going to detain my wife.” Newsweek reached out to ICE and the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) for comment via email Monday morning. Bulavina married Korol in November 2024, and the pair filed her green card application in January this year, all while her TPS extension application was pending, with USCIS telling her they needed nothing further from her. As the time approached for the green card interview, the legal team at California-based Pathways to Citizenship warned the couple that other applicants had been detained by ICE at the San Diego Field Office in recent weeks. “You don’t want to believe it is happening to her, and to us,” Korol said, adding that the couple has five children between them who have all been left distressed. He has spoken to his wife a few times on the phone, only because “a good-hearted guard gave her her personal phone to call.” Her attorneys remain unsure why ICE chose to detain Bulavina last Thursday, arguing that her TPS status remains in place while an extension is pending, and that her marriage to a U.S. Korol and the couple’s attorneys are calling for ICE to release Bulavina as soon as possible, with her husband telling Newsweek he hopes she can still be a green card holder.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/how-to-watch-the-garden-cup-live-stream-tennis-tv-channel-11177286
Article: How to Watch The Garden Cup When: Monday, December 8, 2025 Time: 7:00 PM ET TV Channel: MSG try for free ) Live Stream: Fubo ( The Garden Cup will light up Madison Square Garden on December 8 as world No. To wrap up the night, the four stars will pair up for a mixed-doubles finale, Osaka and Kyrgios teaming up against Sabalenka and Paul, offering a fun, unpredictable denouement for a one-night exhibition that blends showmanship, elite talent, and holiday-season energy. Fubo carries a wide array of sports and entertainment channels, including local sports packages and top national channels like ABC, FOX, CBS, ESPN, FS1, MTV, Comedy Central, and much more.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/entertainment/tv/the-boys-season-5-release-date-11174796
Article: The summary continues: “But when Butcher reappears, ready and willing to use a virus that will wipe all Supes off the map, he sets in motion a chain of events that will forever change the world and everyone in it. Usher (A-Train) Laz Alonso (Mother's Milk) Chace Crawford (The Deep) Tomer Capone (Frenchie) Karen Fukuhara (Kimiko) Nathan Mitchell (Black Noir II) Colby Minifie (Ashley Barrett) Cameron Crovetti (Ryan Butcher) Susan Heyward (Sage) Valorie Curry (Firecracker) Jared Padalecki (Supernatural alum, new role) Misha Collins (Supernatural alum, new role) Jensen Ackles (Soldier Boy) Is ‘The Boys’ Season 5 The Last One?

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/betting/draftkings-promo-code-claim-200-eagles-chargers-bonus-get-300-missouri-offer-11176098
Article: Let's take a look at some suggestions: Jalen Hurts 150+ passing yards (-419) Justin Herbert 1+ passing touchdowns (-410) Omarion Hampton 25+ rushing yards (-439) Kimani Vidal 20+ rushing yards (-500) DraftKings Monday In-App Promos New users should survey the in-app promos that are available for tonight as well: Eagles-Chargers SGP Boost: Get a profit boost for an Eagles-Chargers SGP bet Daily Drop: Get a profit boost that can be used for a bet on any sport Scoring Stack: Choose your boost percentage for an NFL touchdown parlay depending on the number of legs (3 legs for 30%, 4 legs for 40%, 5 legs for 50%) International Soccer Futures Boost: Get a 26% profit boost for any 2026 World Cup futures bet Sign in at the beginning of each day to see what offers are available for the biggest games. Claim DraftKings Promo Code New User Offer Click here or on any of our other links and follow these steps to get set up with this offer: Enter identifying information to the required fields (Name, date of birth, address, etc.) Make a deposit with a compatible payment method (Credit/debit card, online banking, etc.) Place your initial $5 bet on Eagles-Chargers and wait for it to settle If you win the $200 in bonuses, use them within one week before expiration Newsweek may earn an affiliate commission if you sign up through the links in this article.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nfl/travis-kelce-punish-fine-not-talking-11177242
Article: The chances for the Kansas City Chiefs to make the playoffs took a significant hit with a 20-10 loss to the Houston Texans on "Sunday Night Football." More News: Marcus Freeman ‘Upset’ With Alabama Jumping Notre Dame The defeat dropped the Chiefs to 6-7 on the season. More News: CFP Committee Explains Controversial Notre Dame-Alabama Decision The Texans made a field goal seven plays later to take a 20-10 lead with 30 seconds remaining in the game. Sometimes, the media doesn’t make waves." Kelce's decision not to speak to the media after a troubling loss to the Texans did make waves, and a fine could be coming.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/trump-threatens-tariffs-mexico-water-treaty-dispute-11177299
Article: President Donald Trump threatened new tariffs on Mexico on Monday, accusing the country of violating a decades-old water treaty and warning he would impose a 5% levy unless it quickly releases water he said is owed to the United States and needed by Texas farmers.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/nation-world/best-guess-live-netflix-mobile-game-show-how-to-play/507-56bc9079-fb2f-4b92-9218-0a992a2122a1
Article: The show is co-hosted by Howie Mandel of "America's Got Talent" and Hunter March from Netflix's "Sugar Rush." The game challenges players to identify a secret item — which could be a person, place or thing — using a series of five increasingly descriptive clues presented as riddles. The company recently announced new mobile games including "WWE 2K25: Netflix Edition" and "Red Dead Redemption." Netflix shifted its gaming strategy this year, abandoning plans for AAA titles and ambitious indie games in favor of casual experiences and games based on Netflix intellectual property.

Link: https://abc13.com/post/la-marque-city-council-holds-special-meetings-discuss-filling-several-open-positions/18265513/
Article: La Marque City Council holds special meetings to discuss filling several open positions LA MARQUE, Texas (KTRK) -- The City of La Marque has been no stranger to political scandals in the past year.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/football/articles/cn8136ewqpgo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Before that, a three-match winning run was followed by three games without a win, culminating in a home defeat by an Everton side reduced to 10 men after less than 15 minutes. Monday night's 4-1 drubbing of a hapless Wolves was United's biggest win of the season, equalling a four-goal haul Ruben Amorim's side have not bettered in the Premier League since he came to the club 13 months ago. We took advantage of that." It is why Amorim felt United were in danger of blowing a significant chance to climb into the top six and on the coattails of the sides in contention for Champions League qualification. Certainly not one he wanted on a night when Sir Jim Ratcliffe had come to watch and was pictured in animated conversation with director of football Jason Wilcox in the directors' box. It didn't matter the result." Analysing the game for Sky Sports, Jamie Carragher praised the performance but said: "We make the assumption there is a bad result around the corner." He is not on his own with that opinion. United remain in talks with the respective national associations of Morocco, Ivory Coast and Cameroon, which Amorim says is a "good sign" but says he "doesn't know" if Noussair Mazraoui, Amad Diallo and Bryan Mbeumo will be cleared to play against Bournemouth before they leave for Africa Cup of Nations duty.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/show/supreme-court-hears-arguments-on-trumps-power-over-independent-agencies
Article: The case looks at whether President Trump acted legally in firing Rebecca Slaughter, a Democratic member of the bipartisan Federal Trade Commission, saying her service was inconsistent with Trump administration priorities. Supreme Court Associate Justice: You're asking us to destroy the structure of government and to take away from Congress its ability to protect its idea that the government is better structured with some agencies that are independent. It said Congress enacted these removal statutes precisely because it wants agencies like the FTC to be independent and it isn't infringing on FDR executive power because the agency doesn't exercise substantial executive power. Amna Nawaz: So we heard from Justice Sotomayor there saying that this is about the rebalancing of power,it takes Congress's power away and gives it more to the president, reshapes the government. They were concerned that, under Rebecca Slaughter's theory, Congress could in essence take executive departments like the Department of the Interior, the Department of Agriculture out of the executive branch and make them independent multimember agencies like the FTC, over which the president would then have limited control because of these removal restrictions. Justice Brett Kavanaugh suggested that this would be sort of an end run that could thwart presidents' ability to carry out their policies because Congress could, for example, have a removal statute like this and enact long terms for the members of these agencies, so that one president could have all of the appointees on the commission at once and the president wouldn't be able to fire them and they could resist carrying out the president's policy initiatives. And it seems likely that it would apply to a lot of these independent agencies like the Consumer Safety Protection Commission and the National Labor Relations Board, the Merit Systems Protection Board. The solicitor general, John Sauer, said well, of course, the Fed is different when it comes to the Federal Reserve Board's for-cause removal provision, that the president is seeking to fire Lisa Cook, one of the Fed's Board of Governors, essentially for cause.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/show/european-leaders-rally-around-ukraine-after-u-s-appears-to-shift-strategy-to-favor-russia
Article: Friedrich Merz, German Chancellor: We are still and remain strongly behind Ukraine and giving support to your country, because we all know that this — the destiny of this country is the destiny of Europe. On that, Zelenskyy said there was no agreement, telling Bloomberg today — quote — "There are visions of the U.S., Russia and Ukraine, and we don't have a unified view on Donbass." Zelenskyy says he needs the U.S. It reads: "It is a core interest of the United States to negotiate an expeditious cessation of hostilities in Ukraine in order to stabilize European economies, prevent unintended escalation or expansion of the war, and reestablish strategic stability with Russia." And it warns of "European civilizational erasure, the larger issues facing Europe include activities of the European Union and other transnational bodies that undermine political liberty and sovereignty. On the question of Russia and pursuing strategic stability, I think that's in the interest of the United States and Europe, because instability leads to a risk of a war. Dan Caldwell: Well, again, in the document, it actually gets into this as well too, is the way to achieve that is, first and foremost, got to end the Ukraine war. But also, too, again, as the document points out, is that Europe has tremendous power and that they can do a lot more themselves to ultimately deter and contain Russia. Nick Schifrin: Heather Conley, this is a fundamental difference between the United States government that now sees the future with Russia as strategically stable and a Europe that generally sees Russia as the adversary beyond the war in Ukraine, right? And if the United States, rather than being, again, on the side of our European allies pressing for sovereignty and territorial integrity, something that the national security strategy continues to emphasize — well, Russia has violated that for the last 11 years, creating the instability in Europe. And it includes this language, a reference to 19th century opposition to European colonialism in Latin America — quote — "The United States will reassert and enforce the Monroe Doctrine to restore American preeminence in the Western Hemisphere." And this now is a reference to China and Russia: "We will deny non-hemispheric competitors the ability to position forces or other threatening capabilities or to own or control strategically vital assets in our hemisphere. That does not mean that every single national security resource, whether it's a diplomatic efforts, whether it's a military efforts, other parts of soft power, is going to be solely focused on the Western Hemisphere. What I have been disappointed to see is, is that that's been kind of the framing that you have seen leading up into the release of this document and the coming release of the national defense strategy. But because of where we focused and because we have been distracted by things overseas that aren't necessarily core to our safety and prosperity, I do think that we have neglected the Western Hemisphere too much. Heather Conley: Well, I think, for the last 20 years, yes, we have been overly concentrating on the Middle East and that, in some ways, the first Trump administration's 2017 national security strategy reset that balance and said we have great power competition.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/show/some-indiana-republicans-resist-white-house-calls-to-redraw-their-congressional-maps
Article: He's been very vocal about it on social media as well, posted on TRUTH Social at least a half-a-dozen times about this in the last three weeks, including on Friday, when he posted this. And part of this comes down to the concerns both at the White House and within the larger Republican Party in Washington that the Republicans could lose the House next year in the 2026 midterms and how that could impact the president's agenda. We understand from reporting that House Speaker Mike Johnson has been talking with lawmakers on the phone in Indiana about this as well, so sort of this all-hands-on-deck effort from Republicans here in D.C. Liz Landers: We have counted more than 10 Republicans in the Indiana Statehouse who've publicly posted or talked to local press about some of these death threats that they're getting. And he wrote on social media — quote — "This is not the first time our president has used these insulting and derogatory references and his choice of words will have consequences." Amna Nawaz: Our White House correspondent, Liz Landers, reporting tonight.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/show/trump-proposes-12-billion-in-aid-to-farmers-after-exceptionally-difficult-year
Article: Secretary of Agriculture: The money will move by February 28 of 2026, but by the end of this month, so just in the next couple of weeks, every farmer that is able to apply for it will know exactly what that number looks like. Before we get to the aid package, I mentioned some of the stresses on farmers, but can you tell us a little bit more about the pressures that they are under right now? Patrick Thomas: Yes, that is the plan, as indicated by Trump administration officials today, saying that they will allow farmers to begin applying over the next couple of weeks if they will be eligible. And then, by February, the USDA secretary said that they will start sending one-time cash payments to farmers as kind of a Band-Aid fix, if you will, for over this last year of troubles and, again, what has been a challenging year. And so what this does, it allows a farmer to go to the bank and say, I'm going to get this aid from the government, I need to operate for another year and be able to get that loan, if they can. You have this deal with China that has — some farmers are still skeptical about China holding up its end of the bargain, if we're going to have long-term problems with their buying. William Brangham: The deal you're mentioning here, this is the deal that Trump and President Xi of China struck last fall about China saying, well, we will now start to buy soybeans again from the U.S.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/show/tamara-keith-and-amy-walter-on-the-pushback-against-trump-policies
Article: NPR’s Tamara Keith and Amy Walter of the Cook Political Report with Amy Walter join Amna Nawaz to discuss the latest political news, including how President Trump is starting to face some pushback on several fronts, including from within his own party, and the impact of the president's economic policies.

Link: https://feeds.texastribune.org/link/16799/17226726/texas-llano-county-library-book-ban-lawsuit-scotus
Article: Supreme Court has declined to hear a challenge against a small Central Texas county’s removal of 17 books from its public libraries, including some that focus on race and gender. It is also a major blow to the yearslong legal fight led by seven Llano County residents against what they have called a coordinated censorship campaign by the county government, amid a broader wave of book bans in Texas. “Leaving the Fifth Circuit’s ruling in place erodes the most elemental principles of free speech and allows state and local governments to exert ideological control over the people with impunity,” said Elly Brinkley, staff attorney for the group’s U.S. “The government has no place telling people what they can and cannot read.” The legal fight started in 2022 after the seven residents filed a federal lawsuit against the Llano County judge and other county officials, alleging that they had taken several books off the library shelves, paused new book orders and replaced the county library board members with those in favor of book bans. Some of the affected books include Jazz Jennings’ “Being Jazz: My Life as a (Transgender) Teen” and Susan Campbell Bartoletti’s “They Called Themselves the K.K.K.: The Birth of an American Terrorist Group.” U.S. Judge Stuart Kyle Duncan, a Trump appointee, wrote in the majority opinion that the right to information couldn’t be invoked to push back against a public library’s decision about which books to keep and which to remove. If you doubt that, next time you visit the library ask the librarian to direct you to the Holocaust Denial Section.” Seven judges out of 17 dissented, with Judge Stephen Higginson — an Obama appointee — calling these arguments “disturbingly flippant and legally unsound.” “Because I would not have our court ‘join the book burners,’ I dissent,” Higginson wrote.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/top-eu-official-warns-us-interfering-europes-affairs-128202697
Article: A top European Union official has warned the United States against interfering in European affairs Top EU official warns the US against interfering in Europe's affairs European Council President Antonio Costa arrives for the second day of the G20 Leaders' Summit, in Johannesburg, South Africa, Sunday, Nov. (Marco Longari/Pool Photo via AP) BRUSSELS -- A top European Union official on Monday warned the United States against interfering in Europe’s affairs and said only European citizens can decide which parties should govern them. European Council President Antonio Costa’s remarks came in reaction to the Trump administration’s new national security strategy, which was published on Friday and paints European allies as weak while offering tacit support to far-right political parties. Fabian Zuleeg, chief executive at the European Policy Centre think tank, said that stridently nationalist parties in Europe will be emboldened by the strategy document and "will intensify efforts to hollow out the EU from within.” “Pro-European liberal forces need to finally wake up: Trump’s America is not an ally but an adversary to Europe’s freedoms and fundamental values. But Costa, who chairs summits of the 27 national EU leaders, said Europe’s “history has taught us that you can’t have freedom of speech without freedom of information.” The former Portuguese prime minister also warned “there will never be free speech if the freedom of information of citizens is sacrificed for the aims of the tech oligarchs in the United States.” Speaking to reporters in Berlin, German government spokesperson Sebastian Hille underlined that “Europe and the U.S. interest to “reestablish strategic stability with Russia.” Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov has said the document “absolutely corresponds to our vision.” Over the course of the war, Russia has worked to drive a wedge between NATO allies, particularly between the U.S. It’s only (about) the end of hostilities, and the stability of relations with Russia.” “Everyone wants stable relations with Russia,” he added, but “we can’t have stable relations with Russia when Russia remains a threat to our security.” Top EU officials and intelligence officers have warned Russia could be in a position to launch an attack elsewhere in Europe in three to five years should it defeat Ukraine. We are sticking with NATO’s joint analysis.” Trump and his NATO counterparts noted in a summit statement in June “the long- term threat posed by Russia to Euro-Atlantic security.” However, Hille insisted that “in view of the great security policy challenges, trans-Atlantic cooperation is now and will be in the future of central significance for our common security.” ___ Associated Press writer Geir Moulson in Berlin contributed to this report.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/things-stand-peace-talks-ukraine-war-128204627
Article: President Donald Trump has unleashed the most extensive diplomatic effort to end the fighting since Russia’s full-scale invasion of Ukraine nearly four years ago Where things stand in the peace talks on the Ukraine war FILE - Russian President Vladimir Putin and U.S. President Donald Trump has unleashed the most extensive diplomatic effort to end the fighting in Ukraine since Russia’s full-scale invasion nearly four years ago, but Washington’s efforts have run into sharply conflicting demands by Moscow and Kyiv. Witkoff and Kushner then held several meetings with senior Ukrainian officials in Florida in an attempt to iron out the differences over a plan that has been criticized for heavily favoring Moscow. Moscow has also insisted that Ukraine abandon its bid to join NATO, limit the size of its army, grant official status to the Russian language, and recognize the Russian Orthodox Church.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/protesting-greek-farmers-swarm-apron-area-international-airport-128206827
Article: Enraged farmers protesting delays in the payment of subsidies have swarmed onto the apron of the international airport on the southern Greek island of Crete Farmers gather next to an overturned police vehicle during clashes with officers blocking their march to Chania's airport on Crete, Greece, Monday, Dec. (AP Photo/Giannis Angelakis) ATHENS, Greece -- Enraged farmers protesting delays in the payment of subsidies swarmed onto the apron area of the international airport on the southern Greek island of Crete on Monday, managing to evade riot police who used tear gas and stun grenades to keep them back. Images from local media showed dozens of farmers standing on the apron at the Nikos Kazantzakis international airport in Heraklion, the main town in Crete, forcing the airport to suspend all flights. The clashes in Crete are the latest escalation in farmer protests over delays in the payment of European Union-backed agricultural subsidies in the wake of a scandal which revealed fraudulent subsidy claims. Police have been enforcing traffic diversions in several parts of northern and central Greece to skirt the blockades, while farmer roadblocks at the country’s northern borders with Bulgaria, Turkey and North Macedonia have already hampered truck traffic, causing long backup lines of freight vehicles.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/myanmar-military-air-strike-tea-shop-kills-18-128206092
Article: An air strike by Myanmar’s military on a tea shop in Sagaing region has killed at least 18 civilians and wounded 20 others BANGKOK -- An air strike last week by Myanmar’s military on a tea shop in the country’s upper-central region of Sagaing killed at least 18 civilians and wounded 20 others, a local villager and Myanmar’s independent online media said Monday. The villager, who rushed to the site of the attack to help the victims, told The Associated Press that a five-year-old child and two schoolteachers were among those killed in the attack in the tea shop where dozens of people gathered to watch the Myanmar vs Philippines football tournament on a television. Tea shops in Myanmar are essentially the equivalent of the West’s neighborhood coffee shops, where people linger over cups of sweet tea, gather to talk, eat, and stay connected to community life.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Business/wireStory/pepsico-cut-prices-eliminate-products-part-deal-activist-128225984
Article: PepsiCo plans to cut prices and eliminate some of its products under a deal with an activist investor announced Monday PepsiCo to cut prices, eliminate products as part of a deal with an activist investor PepsiCo plans to cut prices and eliminate some of its products under a deal with an activist investor announced Monday. The Purchase, New York-based company, which makes Cheetos, Tostitos and other Frito-Lay products as well as beverages, said it will cut nearly 20% of its product offerings by early next year. PepsiCo said it also plans to accelerate the introduction of new offerings with simpler and more functional ingredients, including Doritos Protein and Simply NKD Cheetos and Doritos, which contain no artificial flavors or colors. In a letter to PepsiCo’s board, Elliott said the company is being hurt by a lack of strategic clarity, decelerating growth and eroding profitability in its North American food and beverage businesses. In a joint statement with PepsiCo Monday, Elliott Partner Marc Steinberg said the firm is confident that PepsiCo can create value for shareholders as it executes on its new plan. “We believe the plan announced today to invest in affordability, accelerate innovation and aggressively reduce costs will drive greater revenue and profit growth.” Elliott said it plans to continue working closely with the company. “We feel encouraged about the actions and initiatives we are implementing with urgency to improve both marketplace and financial performance,” PepsiCo Chairman and CEO Ramon Laguarta said in a statement.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/09/asia-markets-live-today-tuesday-fed-decision-nikkei-225-kospi-hang-seng-index-nifty-50.html
Article: "I would not be surprised for Jerome Powell to be like, 'We've cut, and now we're in a place where we really need to watch the data,' and he'll stop just short of being hawkish, because we have seen the softness in the labor market," said Stephen Kolano, chief investment officer at Integrated Partners.

Link: https://abc7.com/videoClip/drama-club-arts-youth-incarceration/18265534/
Article: "We live in a life of 'no, but.' Your life cannot begin until you accept the present circumstances and acknowledge that there's more," said Drama Club Programs Manager Ashley Hart Adams.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c4g45ev3gkdo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Hungry mothers on dirty wards, finds ongoing maternity review 2 hours ago Share Save Michael Buchanan Social affairs correspondent Share Save Getty Images The review looks at the worst-performing maternity and neonatal services Hungry mothers, dirty wards and poor care are blighting England's maternity services while staff receive death threats for working in some units, according to a new report. "I know that NHS staff are dedicated professionals who want the best for mothers and babies, and that the vast majority of births are safe, but the systemic failures causing preventable tragedies cannot be ignored," he said. The National Maternity and Neonatal Investigation is meant to draw up a series of national recommendations to improve maternity and neonatal services after previous inquiries had exposed the problems but not led to enough sustained improvements. And I think the fact that the Secretary of State has taken such a close interest is the thing that will make a big difference." Several inquiries over the past decade, including investigations into maternity services in Morecambe Bay, Shrewsbury & Telford and East Kent, have led to 748 recommendations for improvements being made, according to the Amos review. Yet still the harm continues – the biggest maternity inquiry in the history of the NHS, examining around 2,500 case in Nottingham, is due to report in June while another inquiry was recently announced into care at Leeds Teaching Hospitals NHS trust.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c0kdn78v8ero?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: 'A critical moment' for Ukraine and 'Southport families' courage' 50 minutes ago Share Save Share Save The Guardian leads with Sir Keir Starmer hosting Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky and senior European leaders at Downing Street, in what it calls "a critical moment" for the embattled country. The leaders of the UK, France, and Germany will push for the frozen Russian funds - currently sitting in European bank accounts - to be freed, an approach which faces opposition from Belgium over concerns it could be "legally liable for a sum equal to a third of its annual GDP". In a major speech today, Cooper will tell diplomats that there is an increased danger of "hybrid threats" - both physical and cyber - from hostile states, "designed to weaken critical national infrastructure, undermine our interests and interfere in our democracies". The paper's investigation, which it has shared with the Home Office and National Crime Agency (NCA), suggests some groups offer "VIP crossings" for those willing to act as "drug mules" from northern France. After sharing baby photos of Elsie Dot Stancombe, Alice da Silva Aguiar and Bebe King as part of a BBC documentary, the families say their friendship allows them "to pull the light out" of the darkness.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cvgd9l8wxjpo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: 'Living off grid is not a dream, it's a nightmare' 2 hours ago Share Save Jo Lonsdale and Jane Downs North East and Cumbria Investigations Share Save BBC Vanessa Corby was quoted £44,000 for a connection to mains electricity Some 2,000 households are thought to be off-grid in the UK, having no access to mains power. Solar panels and a generator bring some comforts, but Vanessa Corby would much prefer mains electricity In 2017 she was quoted £44,000 for a connection to mains electricity but access issues meant she could not go ahead. "There's no priority services register for off-grid pensioners." Doris Englemayer has to drive to a garage to collect diesel for her generator Ms Corby's house is connected to her neighbour Doris Englemayer's home via a track that requires a 4x4 vehicle and a stout constitution. "I know I could never afford it, but running my off-grid system is pretty intensive." Anne Hutchinson says in 2000 she and her neighbours were quoted £180,000 for a connection to the mains Anne Hutchinson has also spent decades trying to get mains electricity to her isolated farmstead near Wark in Northumberland and leaves torches "in strategic places". Steve Batey Steve Batey has accepted a mains connection is not arriving anytime soon The energy regulator Ofgem admits it does not know exactly how many households are off grid in the UK. It tried to find out in 2019 with a call for evidence and concluded there could be as many as 2,000, but there was not enough data for an exact figure. "People have to constantly monitor their energy use, they have that worry day in, day out." Northumberland National Park Authority Red dots marked the off-grid properties identified by the Northumberland National Park Authority in 2015 The answer to why Northumberland has so many properties off grid probably lies in its geography; it is one of England's most sparsely populated counties with extensive uplands. Ellie Langley Ellie Langley chose to live off grid at a smallholding in Upper Weardale Ellie Langley bought her smallholding at Ireshopeburn in Upper Weardale, County Durham, because she wanted to be "more connected to the planet". Malcolm Hogg Malcolm Hogg chose not to have mains electricity in his new house because it would have cost him £27,000 Not everyone off grid is in an older or remote property. Off grid energy advisor Dave Richardson says cost keeps many people off the mains Northern Powergrid, which maintains electricity supplies across the north-east of England, says it is "committed to supporting communities through rural electrification projects", but that industry rules exist "to ensure consistency and fairness to all customers". "How are these households going to cope in the future?" The Department for Energy Security and Net Zero said it was "working closely with Ofgem to lower costs and help those in rural areas connect to the grid".

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cd0k7g202l2o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Sudan air force bombing of towns, markets and schools has killed hundreds, report says 2 hours ago Share Save Barbara Plett Usher Africa correspondent Share Save AFP via Getty Images Millions have fled the fighting which began in April 2023 Sudan's air force has carried out bombings in which at least 1,700 civilians have died in attacks on residential neighbourhoods, markets, schools and camps for displaced people, according to an investigation into air raids in the country's civil war. "For us to say that the Sudanese Armed Forces conducted an airstrike on a certain location at a certain time would more or less require that the SAF be caught in the act in footage that can be verified," says Mr Snoeck. So what we therefore have done is analysed hundreds of airstrikes claims to paint the bigger picture." The main patterns that emerge are repeated hits on residential neighbourhoods and markets, says Mr Snoeck, as well as a large number of alleged strikes on essential humanitarian and medical facilities. Justin Lynch, managing director at Conflict Insights Group which tracks foreign weapons supplies to Sudan, told the BBC that Sudanese civilians were bearing the brunt of the battles between the army and the RSF. "Air power and other heavy weapons disproportionately target civilian, more than military, sites." Sudan Witness calculates the credibility level of a reported airstrike based on publicly available digital information known as open source. Facebook A photographer in Zamzam camp captured this image of an unexploded bomb that fell there last year It appeared to match the SH-250 unguided munition produced by Military Industry Corporation, a Sudanese arms manufacturer. This area wasn't even under RSF control at the time, and the logic behind that strike still puzzles me." In another strike, Sudan Witness verified a rare video that captured the moment of impact, with the roar of an aircraft followed by multiple explosions as civilians took cover. The Sudan Tribune, an independent online news portal, quoted a spokesman for the Justice and Equality Movement, who said citizens were surprised by the indiscriminate airstrikes targeting hospitals and homes. AFP via Getty Images The bombs that have fallen on markets have killed civilians as well as disrupted the lives of many others Sudan Witness verified the location of footage of the destroyed market and corroborated it with satellite imagery showing new burn scars over the area. Al-Kuma is located some 80km (50 miles) north-east of el-Fasher, until recently the focus of a fierce battle, and has been caught in the crossfire of SAF air assaults on the RSF. "It is impossible for a country's army to bomb people with its air force and claim that it is doing so to protect the country," a local official told Dabanga, an independent Sudanese broadcaster. "This evidence of military airstrikes hitting marketplaces and other civilian areas, shows a clear and unacceptable disregard for the safety of innocent Sudanese civilians," said a British foreign office official. "Whatever side of the conflict they are on, the perpetrators of these heinous crimes must be held accountable." The Sudan Witness Project has continued monitoring air raids beyond July 2025 but says there has been a shift towards drone strikes by both parties in recent months. The devastating cycle of aerial warfare sometimes targets groups seen as supporting the other side, says the Sudan War Monitor, highlighting an alleged SAF drone attack on al-Kuma in October, this time hitting a social gathering at the home of a local religious leader. "Neither side utilises drones and their airpower to primarily target military locations — they are either indiscriminate or designed to terrorise civilian populations under each other's control, which are war crimes," says Mr Lynch from Conflict Insights Group. The SAF says the RSF seeks refuge within residential neighbourhoods and insists it is strictly observing international humanitarian laws and rules of engagement, including protection of civilians and their properties. This week the RSF and its ally the Sudan Liberation Movement-North was accused of drone strikes that hit a kindergarten and a hospital in the South Kordofan town of Kalogi. "Similarly, the RSF use foreign mercenaries backed by the UAE to fly drones, but with a few exceptions it hasn't actually achieved results." You can access the Sudan Witness report here when it is published on 10 December.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/show/news-wrap-paramount-skydance-starts-bidding-war-for-warner-bros-discovery
Article: In a social media post, Habba said she's stepping down — quote — "to protect the stability and integrity of the office which I love" adding — quote — "But do not mistake compliance for surrender." Habba says she will remain with the Justice Department as a senior adviser to Attorney General Pam Bondi. Amna Nawaz: In remarks today, Syrian President Ahmed al-Sharaa announced that — quote — "Victory is only the start." The former al-Qaida commander pledged a new chapter for the nation, saying his government would help to rebuild the country. Amna Nawaz: Cambodia's prime minister called for his country to — quote — "unite for the cause of the nation during this difficult period." President Trump says he will allow Nvidia to sell its H200 chips to what he called approved customers in China and other countries.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/show/why-native-americans-are-facing-high-rates-of-mental-decline
Article: But researchers have found that some of the highest rates of cognitive impairment and dementia exist in a population that’s long been one of the most difficult to study: Native Americans. But researchers have found that some of the highest rates of cognitive impairment and dementia exist in a population that's long been one of the most difficult to study, Native Americans. Dirk Keene: So the fact that we don't have very many Native American donor brains makes it a lot more difficult for us to understand what's happening before they die. (Laughter) Stephanie Sy: He says the program uses fellow Native Americans to not only help recruit participants like Holt into the study, but to guide them throughout the research process.

Link: https://feeds.texastribune.org/link/16799/17226798/marc-veasey-tarrant-county-judge-democratic-primary-2026
Article: Marc Veasey, D-Fort Worth, is running for Tarrant County judge, according to a source with knowledge of his plans, marking a surprise last-minute pivot for the seven-term congressman who was expected to run for the seat being vacated by U.S. “It’s about strengthening our party, opening the door for new leadership and ensuring that our community continues to thrive.” The Fort Worth Democrat has represented Texas’ 33rd Congressional District since its creation by court order, becoming the first Black member of Congress from Texas’ third-largest county. Instead, Veasey will take on Republican Judge Tim O’Hare, who narrowly won his first campaign in 2022 with 53% of the vote and has taken the swing county on a more right-wing path, inserting it into the forefront of various culture wars. “I’ve seen firsthand how racially gerrymandered maps were designed to weaken the power of Black and Latino voters in North Texas — communities I have spent my entire career fighting for. “I’m not running away from a fight — I’m running toward the next battle.” O’Hare, a former Farmers Branch mayor and Tarrant County GOP chair, is closely tied to prominent evangelical church leaders in the region and has forged a high profile through battles with schools to end diversity, equity and inclusion initiatives, as well as cracking down on nonprofits that he says are pushing radical ideologies around race and gender. In a statement, O’Hare campaign spokesperson Nick Maddux said Veasey has been “soft on crime, weak on border security and supportive of higher taxes” and that his record does not stand up to O’Hare’s. “That’s why we welcome a clear contrast between Judge O’Hare’s record of delivering lower taxes, safer communities and keeping his promises, and not Congressman Veasey’s 20-year radical Washington record.” Tarrant County, once among the largest solidly GOP counties in the nation, has shifted between the two political parties in recent elections as it has become larger and more diverse. House in 2012 — in a majority-minority district that combines heavily Hispanic areas of Dallas with majority-Black and majority-Hispanic precincts of Tarrant County — Veasey became the newly created district’s first-ever representative.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/symphony-woofs-2397-golden-retrievers-gather-argentina-park-128227440
Article: Maximiliano Rivero holds up his pet Manola at a Palermo neighborhood park as people try to set a world record of most Golden Retrievers gathered in a park, in Buenos Aires, Argentina, Monday, Dec. (AP Photo/Natacha Pisarenko) Maximiliano Rivero holds up his pet Manola at a Palermo neighborhood park as people try to set a world record of most Golden Retrievers gathered in a park, in Buenos Aires, Argentina, Monday, Dec. (AP Photo/Natacha Pisarenko) BUENOS AIRES, Argentina -- A passerby could hear the cacophony from miles away in the Argentine capital, the unmistakable sound of 2,397 dogs barking — and breaking the unofficial world record for the largest-ever gathering of golden retrievers. Excitement pulsed through Bosques de Palermo, a sprawling park in Buenos Aires, as golden retriever-owners from all over Argentina transformed the park's grassy expanse into a sea of bright yellow fur. With 2,397 golden retrievers recorded, the event's organizer, Fausto Duperre, announced that Argentina had broken the informal world record set last year when an event in Vancouver drew 1,685 goldens. “This is a historic event,” gushed Duperre, a 28-year-old Argentine actor who has become something of a golden retriever influencer on social media, where he regularly posts content about his 10-year-old golden named Oli. “I was afraid I would lose her, I was afraid she would fight, I was afraid another dog would attack her,” said Elena Deleo, 64, stroking her golden retriever Angie.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/08/trump-ban-on-wind-power-projects-overturned-by-federal-judge.html
Article: A federal judge on Monday struck down President Donald Trump's sweeping ban on new wind power projects in the U.S., a major victory for an industry that has been singled out by the White House since the administration's first day. They argued that it created "an existential threat to the wind industry." "This is a big victory in our fight to keep tackling the climate crisis and protect one of our best sources of clean, reliable, and affordable energy," James said in a post on social media platform X. White House spokeswoman Taylor Rogers said in a statement that "offshore wind projects were given unfair, preferential treatment while the rest of the energy industry was hindered by burdensome regulations."

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/08/iceblock-developer-sues-us-after-doj-demanded-apple-remove-app-.html
Article: After Apple removed the app from its store in October, creator Joshua Aaron criticized the Trump administration for pressuring the iPhone maker to ban ICEBlock over fears it could be used to harm U.S. Attorney General Pam Bondi made clear that the government "used its regulatory power to coerce a private platform to suppress First Amendment-protected expression," when she said the Department of Justice demanded that Apple remove the app, which was only available on iOS. After Apple's move to remove ICE Block, Google parent Alphabet also agreed to ban apps that help people track the whereabouts of law enforcement from its app store, he said. According to new data obtained by the University of California at Berkeley via the school's Deportation Data Project, "more than a third of the roughly 220,000 people arrested by ICE officers in the first nine months of the Trump administration had no criminal histories." Gallup's polling data released on Nov.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/08/trump-threatens-mexico-with-5percent-tariff-increase-over-water-dispute.html
Article: A drone view shows the Morelos Dam, which diverts Colorado River water to the Mexicali Valley, as the Mexican government announced an immediate water delivery to Texas farmers to help address a shortfall under a treaty that has strained U.S.-Mexico relations and prompted tariff threats by U.S. "That is why I have authorized documentation to impose a 5% Tariff on Mexico if this water isn't released, IMMEDIATELY." A spokesperson for Mexico's economy ministry did not immediately respond to a request for comment.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/09/cnbc-daily-open-investors-are-loving-the-paramount-warner-bros-netflix-drama.html
Article: The company is "here to finish what we started," CEO David Ellison told CNBC, upping the ante with a $30-per-share, all-cash offer compared to Netflix's $27.75-per-share, cash-and-stock offer for WBD's streaming and studio assets. President Donald Trump permitting Nvidia to export its more advanced H200 artificial intelligence chips to "approved customers" in China and other countries — so long as some of that money flows back to the U.S. "The market action you've seen the last one or two weeks is kind of essentially baking in the very high likelihood of a 25 basis point cut," said Stephen Kolano, chief investment officer at Integrated Partners.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/09/japan-threatening-us-militarily-china-foreign-minister-tells-german-counterpart.html
Article: Japan is threatening China militarily which is "completely unacceptable", Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi told his German counterpart, after Japan said that Chinese fighter jets had aimed their radar at Japanese military aircraft. Japan has denounced the encounter as a dangerous act, though China has blamed Japan for sending aircraft to repeatedly approach and disrupt the Chinese navy as it was conducting previously announced carrier-based flight training east of the Miyako Strait. Relations have soured in the past month since Japanese Prime Minister Sanae Takaichi warned that Japan could respond to any Chinese military action against Taiwan if it also threatened Japan's security. Speaking during a meeting with German Foreign Minister Johann Wadephul in Beijing on Monday, Wang said that given this year is the 80th anniversary of the end of World War Two, Japan, "as a defeated nation", should have acted with greater caution. "Yet now, its current leader is trying to exploit the Taiwan question - the very territory Japan colonised for half a century, committing countless crimes against the Chinese people - to provoke trouble and threaten China militarily. Japan ran Taiwan as a colony from 1895 to 1945, and at the end of the war, it was handed over to the Republic of China government, which then fled to the island in 1949 after losing a civil war with Mao Zedong's communists. Taiwan's government, which rejects Beijing's territorial claims, has repeatedly accused China of misrepresenting history, saying the People's Republic of China did not exist in 1945 and has never ruled Taiwan. Asked about Beijing's justification of its use of radar on Japan's military jets at the weekend, Chief Cabinet Secretary Minoru Kihara repeated Tokyo's stance disputing China's characterisation of the incident.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/09/trump-brokered-truce-under-threat-as-thailand-cambodia-fighting-reignites.html
Article: The fighting was the fiercest since a five-day exchange of rockets and heavy artillery in July that marked their heaviest clashes in recent history, when at least 48 people were killed and 300,000 displaced before Trump intervened to broker a ceasefire. "The objective of the army is to cripple Cambodia's military capability for a long time to come, for the safety of our children and grandchildren," Thai army chief of staff General Chaipruak Doungprapat said, according to the military. Cambodia accused Thailand of "inhumane and brutal acts" of aggression, stressing it had not retaliated, while Bangkok said it carried out airstrikes on military targets after its neighbour mobilised heavy weaponry and repositioned combat units. Each side blamed the other for starting clashes that broke out during the night and intensified before dawn and spread to several locations, with one Thai soldier and four Cambodian civilians killed, according to officials. Thailand said its fighter jets struck Cambodia on Monday in an attempt to cripple its military capability, as a re-eruption of border hostilities derailed a fragile ceasefire brokered by U.S. Tensions have simmered since Thailand last month suspended de-escalation measures that were agreed at a summit in Trump's presence, after a Thai soldier was maimed by a landmine that Bangkok said was newly laid by Cambodia. Some of the mines that have wounded seven Thai soldiers since July were likely newly laid, Reuters reported in October, based on expert analysis of material shared by Thailand's military. A senior Trump administration official said, "President Trump is committed to the continued cessation of violence and expects the governments of Cambodia and Thailand to fully honor their commitments to end this conflict." The U.S. Secretary-General Antonio Guterres urged Thailand and Cambodia to exercise restraint and avoid further escalation, said his spokesperson, adding: "The United Nations stands ready to support all efforts aimed at promoting peace, stability, and development in the region."

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/9/agent-tracking-app-iceblock-sues-trump-administration-in-free-speech-fight?traffic_source=rss
Article: The developer of a popular app used to monitor and share alerts about immigration enforcement activities has sued the administration of United States President Donald Trump for pressuring Apple to remove it. “When we see our government doing something wrong, it’s our duty as citizens of this nation to hold them accountable, and that is exactly what we’re doing with this lawsuit,” Aaron said in the lawsuit. Since returning to office for a second term, Trump has pushed a campaign of mass deportation, targeting a wide range of immigrants, many of whom are in the country legally. “We’re basically asking the court to set a precedent and affirm that ICEBlock is, in fact, First Amendment-protected speech and that I did nothing wrong by creating it,” Aaron told The Associated Press news agency in an interview.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/9/trump-slaps-mexico-with-5-percent-tariff-over-violations-of-water-treaty?traffic_source=rss
Article: “Mexico still owes the U.S over 800,000 acre-feet [986.8 million cubic metres] of water for failing to comply with our Treaty over the past five years.” The US president’s message set a demand and a deadline. The longer Mexico takes to release the water, the more our Farmers are hurt.” Drought-stricken Mexico struggles Trump’s demands are part of a long-running dispute over the 1944 Water Treaty, which governs the output of the waterways that spider across the border region — namely the Rio Grande, the Colorado River and their tributaries. Advertisement Under the terms of the treaty, each year, the US must allow Mexico to receive 1.5 million acre-feet of water, or 1.85 billion cubic metres, from waterways streaming south. “Because of their pattern of neglect, Texas farmers are enduring preventable hardship and an erosion of the agricultural viability of the Rio Grande Valley.” A water ‘debt?’ The issue has been an ongoing source of cross-border strife. In 2020, desperate farmers in Mexico went so far as to take over a dam in the border state of Chihuahua to prevent the “water payments” from flowing to the US, while their crops shrivelled. “Mexico’s continued shortfalls in its water deliveries under the 1944 water-sharing treaty are decimating American agriculture — particularly farmers in the Rio Grande valley,” the US State Department said in a statement. It also stipulated that Mexico would boost the amount of water flowing from the Rio Grande northwards through the end of the last five-year cycle, which expired in late October. River flows are not the only point of tension between the two countries: Trump has pushed for a crackdown on cross-border drug trafficking and migration, while Sheinbaum has warned against US threats to Mexico’s sovereignty.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/economy/2025/12/9/us-tariffs-ruin-education-dreams-for-children-in-indias-diamond-hub?traffic_source=rss
Article: This was something he never imagined possible while growing up in his village in the Indian state of Gujarat, where his family survived on small fields of fennel, castor and cumin, with their earnings barely enough to cover basic needs. His finances improved once he joined the diamond cutting industry in Surat, a city perched along India’s Arabian Sea coast, where nearly 80 percent of the world’s diamonds are cut and polished. Monthly earnings of 35,000 rupees ($390) for the first time brought Alpesh a sense of stability, and with it, the means to give his children the education he never had. For decades, Surat’s diamond‑polishing industry has offered migrant workers from rural Gujarat, many with little or no education, higher incomes, in some cases up to 100,000 rupees ($1,112) a month, and a path out of agrarian hardship. Even before Russia’s war on Ukraine began in February 2022, Surat’s diamond industry faced multiple challenges: disrupted supplies from African mines, weakening demand in key Western markets, and inconsistent exports to China, the second-largest customer. With the onset of the war, India’s exports of cut and polished diamonds in the financial year ending on March 31, 2024, fell by 27.6 percent, with sharp declines in its top markets – the US, China, and the United Arab Emirates. I tell them we’ll put them back in the private school soon, but I don’t know when that will happen.” ‘An exodus’ Some workers have returned to their villages, as many migrant families in Surat can no longer afford rent or find alternative work. “Most migrants come to Surat to settle – the city has entire [neighbourhoods] and housing clusters built for diamond workers,” said Bhavesh Tank, vice president of the Diamond Workers Union Gujarat. “An exodus in the middle of the year is unprecedented, and the drop in school enrolment suggests many are not coming back soon.” The union estimates that about 50,000 workers have left Surat over the past 12 to 14 months. The Vishwa Hindu Parishad (VHP), a Hindu nationalist group allied with Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s governing Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP), has been closely observing the diamond industry crisis in Surat. After a slow start – it had provided assistance to only 170 children by July – officials reported disbursing 82.8 million rupees ($921,000) towards school fees for 6,368 children of jobless diamond workers in Surat by mid-September. In the past few days, nearly 1,000 diamond polishers have filed applications with the local government, demanding to know who rejected their forms and on what grounds, and alleging opacity in the process. “They’re struggling just as much and need support equally.” Tank added that education remains one of the most common concerns among workers reaching out to the union’s suicide prevention helpline, which was set up by the Diamond Workers Union after Surat had already recorded at least 71 suicides among diamond workers by November 2024. Now, I don’t have a son – only a loan.” She lives in Surat with her husband, who has been unable to work due to prolonged illness, and their younger son, Karmdeep, 18.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/nation-world/ziac-blood-pressure-medication-recalled-contamination-concerns/507-0ed85b49-c540-4ef7-8f8b-808a5b0522a4
Article: WASHINGTON — A New Jersey pharmaceutical company has voluntarily recalled more than 11,000 bottles of a widely used blood pressure medication after testing revealed contamination with a cholesterol-lowering drug, the Food and Drug Administration announced.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/politics/elections/dallas-pastor-frederick-haynes-iii-running-us-house-of-represenatatives/287-eb6f183d-2a58-4707-9301-16988d6af3b4
Article: Haynes has been a significant public figure, leading a congregation of 13,000 and serving on multiple boards, including the Conference of National Black Churches, the National Action Network, and the IC3 Church and Development Conference.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/crime/pretrial-hearing-begins-athena-strand-capital-murder-case/287-c59a1711-a18f-4927-a099-26612727e8bc
Article: In 2022, shortly after her daughter's death, Athena's mother Maitlyn Gandy said raising Athena "was the best seven years of my life, and I just expected a lot more years." Defense attorneys and prosecutors spent much of Monday discussing the jury questionnaire and what questions will be asked during jury selection.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/politics/elections/colin-allred-files-run-new-house-seat-also-sought-after-rep-julie-johnson/287-4a128864-f352-4034-b930-00083565eb84
Article: DALLAS COUNTY, Texas — Collin Allred spent Monday morning filing to run in the Democratic primary for a newly drawn congressional district, hoping to be a strong candidate and pull the party together. "We'll have fewer voices there, but we can have stronger ones.” Allred first entered Congress in 2018 when he unseated longtime Republican Pete Sessions, flipping the Dallas-area seat for Democrats. The newly drawn Texas District 33 is part of a statewide map designed to help Republicans pick up five more congressional seats, a move the Supreme Court has ruled legal.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/local/dallas-texas-grand-avenue-break-ins/287-c09f38a3-9a5e-442c-a958-92dfc410a050
Article: Example video title will go here for this video Next up in 5 Example video title will go here for this video Next up in 5 To stream WFAA on your phone, you need the WFAA app. DALLAS, Texas — Small businesses run on tight margins, and owners in East Dallas say they’re feeling the strain after a string of break-ins and attempted burglaries caught on camera.

Link: https://abc7.com/videoClip/digital-women-stem-science/18265683/
Article: Digital Girl provides youth a step up on STEM NEW YORK -- Digital Girl is empowering inner city youth, especially young girls, to pursue careers in Science, Technology, Engineering and Math (STEM).

Link: https://abc13.com/post/pedestrian-bridge-milby-high-school-scheduled-break-ground-summer-2026-officials-confirm/18265634/
Article: Pedestrian bridge by Milby High School scheduled to break ground in summer 2026, officials confirm Officials confirm a pedestrian bridge will be completed in 2026 in memory of a teen who was killed by a train in Houston outside Milby High School.

Link: https://abc13.com/post/how-does-russias-siberia-snowpack-impact-winter-weather-patterns-here-america/18265588/
Article: From December through February, these resulting weather conditions and shape of the jet stream in the lower atmosphere, or troposphere, can begin to impact the region around the polar vortex. Additionally, there have been several winter storms that have brought cities like Chicago over a foot of snow already, which is as much snow as they picked up for the entire winter season last year.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/ckg9q635q6po?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Trump gives Nvidia green light to sell advanced AI chips to China Nvidia - both the world's leading chip firm and most valuable company - has found itself at the centre of a geopolitical tug-of-war between the US and China in recent months, and had been banned from selling its most advanced chips to Beijing. The decision will apply to other US chip companies like AMD and comes after extensive lobbying by Nvidia boss Jensen Huang, who visited Washington last week to drum up support. "We applaud President Trump's decision to allow America's chip industry to compete to support high paying jobs and manufacturing in America," Nvidia said in a statement provided to BBC News. Mr Huang told the BBC in September that the US needed "to make sure that people can access this technology from all over the world, including China." He has also repeatedly warned that China, which has cultivated a chip production ecosystem of its own, was close behind the US in chip development. The sale of H200 chips to some Chinese customers "buys time" for the US to negotiate a deal with Beijing over rare earths and prevent major disruptions to global supply chains, Alex Capri from the National University of Singapore said. "By making it easier for the Chinese to access these high-quality AI chips, you enable China to more easily use and deploy AI systems for military applications," said Cole McFaul, senior research analyst at CSET.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/hegseth-national-security-leaders-brief-gang-8-lawmakers/story?id=128228703
Article: Dan Caine, chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, are scheduled to brief top lawmakers known as the “Gang of Eight” behind closed doors on Tuesday, three officials told ABC News. Julia Demaree Nikhinson/AP The Gang of Eight briefing by President Donald Trump’s national security team follows the completion of the administration’s national security strategy, a planning document that spells out America’s long-term vision for protecting the nation. But lawmakers also were expected to raise questions about the legality of military strikes in the Caribbean and, in particular, the killing of two survivors from a lethal attack on Sept. Sources said that before Holsey announced his retirement, he had expressed concerns to Hegseth’s team about military operations in the Latin America region, although it was not clear whether he had reservations about the legality of the campaign. The Gang of Eight refers to the chairs and ranking members of the House and Senate intelligence committees, along with House and Senate minority and majority leaders, including House Speaker Mike Johnson and Senate Majority Leader John Thune.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/09/tata-electronics-deal-intel-building-india-chip-supply-chain-semiconductor-mission.html
Article: Tata Electronics has lined up American chip designer Intel as a prospective customer as the division of Mumbai-based conglomerate Tata Group works to expand India's domestic electronics and semiconductor supply chain. "Together [with Intel], we will drive an expanded technology ecosystem and deliver leading semiconductors and systems solutions, positioning us well to capture the large and growing AI opportunity," said N Chandrasekaran, Chairman of Tata Sons, the principal investment holding company of Tata companies. However, the Indian government has been working to change that as part of efforts to reduce dependence on chip imports and capture a bigger share of the global electronics market, which is shifting away from China. Intel CEO Lip-Bu Tan said the partnership with Intel was a "tremendous opportunity" to rapidly grow in one of the world's fastest-growing computer markets, fueled by rising PC demand and rapid AI adoption across India.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/economy/2025/12/9/trump-clears-way-for-sale-of-powerful-nvidia-h200-chips-to-china?traffic_source=rss
Article: US President Donald Trump has cleared the way for tech giant Nvidia to sell its advanced H200 chip to China, in a significant easing of Washington’s export controls targeting Chinese tech. Trump said on Monday that he had informed Chinese President Xi Jinping of the decision to allow the export of the chip under an arrangement that will see 25 percent of sales paid to the US government. Trump said exports would be allowed to “approved customers” under conditions that protect national security, and that his administration would take the “same approach” in relation to other chipmakers, such as AMD and Intel. Trump’s announcement marks a major departure from the policy of former President Joe Biden’s administration, which confined Nvidia and other chipmakers to exporting downgraded versions of their products specifically designed for the Chinese market. Advertisement While not Nvidia’s most advanced chip, the H200 is almost six times as powerful as the previous generation H20 chip, according to the Washington-based Institute for Progress, a non-partisan think tank. Under an agreement with the Trump administration announced in August, Nvidia agreed to pay the US government 15 percent of revenues from its sales of the H20, which was designed to comply with restrictions imposed on the Chinese market. “The priority is moving away from purely blocking or slowing China’s tech progress, more towards competing for market share and securing the commercial benefits of selling their own tech solutions,” Zhang told Al Jazeera. “Trump is letting NVIDIA export cutting-edge AI chips that his own DOJ revealed are being illegally smuggled into China,” Warren said on X, referring to multiple probes into illegal chip shipments carried out by the US Department of Justice. “His own DOJ called these chips ‘building blocks of AI superiority’.” Chris McGuire, a senior fellow at the Council on Foreign Relations, said Trump’s move was a blow to US efforts to stay ahead of China in the race to dominate AI. “Loosening export controls on AI chips will allow Chinese AI firms to close the gap with frontier US AI models, and will allow Chinese cloud computing providers to build ‘good enough’ data centres around the world,” McGuire, who worked on tech policy in Biden’s White House, told Al Jazeera.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/9/ukraines-allies-say-efforts-to-end-russias-war-at-critical-moment?traffic_source=rss
Article: Ukraine’s European allies have agreed to increase their support for Ukraine and put more economic pressure on Russian President Vladimir Putin as they say efforts to end Moscow’s “barbaric” war are at a “critical moment”, according to Downing Street. The statement from UK Prime Minister Keir Starmer came as Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy said that he would share Ukraine’s version of a 20-point plan on Tuesday, as both Ukraine and Russia continue to refine a 28-point plan put forward by US President Donald Trump last month to end the war. “The mood of the Americans, in principle, is for finding a compromise,” Zelenskyy told reporters in London after a meeting with the leaders of France, Germany and the United Kingdom on Monday. “Of course, there are complex issues related to the territory, and a compromise has not yet been found there.” The London meeting kicked off a busy two days of diplomacy for Zelenskyy as European allies scramble to show their support for the Ukrainian leader as he continues to face public criticism from the US president. Russia’s Ministry of Defence also claimed on Monday that Moscow’s troops had seized the Ukrainian villages of Novodanylivka in the Zaporizhia region and Chervone in the Donetsk region, according to the state-owned TASS news agency. Ukrainian monitoring site DeepState reported that Russian troops advanced near the embattled town of Pokrovsk in the Donetsk region, saying Russian troops have seized Lysivka, Sukhyi Yar, Hnativka, Rih and Novopavlivka, and advanced in the towns of Siversk and Myrnohrad.

Link: https://www.latimes.com/california/story/2025-12-08/lapd-cite-activists-for-painting-westwood-crosswalk-to-improve-safety
Article: A member of Crosswalk Collective LA prepares to paint a crosswalk in August at the intersection of 4th Street and New Hampshire Avenue in Koreatown where a 9-year-old boy was killed in a hit-and-run. The arrest marks the latest clash between the City of Los Angeles and civilian traffic safety advocates who are frustrated by the delays in getting street intersections painted and are taking it upon themselves to do the work they say can’t wait. The mayor’s office said in a Monday statement that it offered to collaborate with Hale, noting that it is “willing to work with any Angeleno who wants to make our streets safer” and that it hopes to “develop solutions to expedite the installation of crosswalks that meet legal and accessibility requirements.” Advertisement “Despite communication about City, State, and Federal laws and parameters, Jonathan has chosen to continue to pursue his own course of action,” the mayor’s office said. “Mayor Bass is determined to ensure the safety and accessibility of streets and sidewalks for Angelenos, no matter how they bike, roll, walk or ride.” Hale said he met with representatives from the mayor’s office as well as from the Department of Transportation in September but there has been little follow-up. Since the meeting, however, he said he takes care to alert the mayor’s office when he is planning an action, which he sees as a way to “protest for safer streets and a more effective government.” Hale’s group, dubbed the People’s Vision Zero, is a reference to the city’s 10-year-old “Vision Zero” plan to eliminate traffic-related deaths by 2025. There were too many potholes at that intersection for his group to paint a crosswalk so it chose the nearby intersection of Wilkins and Kelton avenues for Sunday’s action instead.

Link: https://www.latimes.com/environment/story/2025-12-08/federal-judge-strikes-down-trumps-order-blocking-development-of-wind-energy
Article: A federal judge on Monday struck down the Trump administration’s ban on federal permits for wind energy projects in what supporters said was an important victory for the embattled industry. President Trump issued the ban on his first day back in office through an executive order that called for the temporary withdrawal of nearly all federal land and waters from new or renewed wind-energy leasing. Saris, for the District of Massachusetts, ruled that the ban is “arbitrary and capricious and contrary to law,” and said the concern about “grave harm” was insufficient to justify the immense scope of a moratorium on all wind energy. At least seven major offshore wind projects were paused as a result of the federal permitting ban, according to the nonprofit Natural Resources Defense Council, plus several more that were in early phases of development. The administration should use this as a wake-up call, stop its illegal actions and get out of the way of the expansion of renewable energy,” said Kit Kennedy, the council’s managing director for power, in a statement. Advertisement The lawsuit noted the president’s executive order was issued the same day as his National Energy Emergency Declaration, which encouraged domestic energy development not tied to wind and other renewables. In a statement to The Times, White House spokeswoman Taylor Rogers said offshore wind projects were given “unfair, preferential treatment” under the Biden administration while the rest of the energy industry was “hindered by burdensome regulations.” “President Trump’s day one executive order instructed agencies to review leases and permitting practices for wind projects with consideration for our country’s growing demands for reliable energy, effects on energy costs for American families, the importance of marine life and fishing industry, and the impacts on ocean currents and wind patterns,” Rogers said. “President Trump has ended Joe Biden’s war on American energy and unleashed America’s energy dominance to protect our economic and national security.” California has vowed to stay the course on offshore wind despite the federal challenges. Advertisement The state has an ambitious goal of 25 gigawatts of floating offshore wind energy by 2045, by which point California officials say offshore wind could represent 10% to 15% of the Golden State’s energy portfolio. clean energy at the nonprofit Environmental Defense Fund, said obstructing the build-out of clean power is the wrong move as the country’s need for electricity is surging from data centers, industry and other demands.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/wrestling/top-wwe-raw-star-seemingly-written-off-tv-11177875
Article: The attack occurred following Knight's loss to Paul thanks to the same masked man who interfered in the men's WarGames match at "Survivor Series 2025." Backstage, Reed and Paul put Knight through a table. Knight hasn't had the best of luck in storyline, and he even admitted as much during a promo on "Monday Night Raw." While Knight scored three wins in the Last Time is Now tournament, he was ultimately forced to submit against Gunther in the finals.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/ncaa/indiana-hoosiers-curt-cignetti-emerging-transfer-sam-leavitt-11177874
Article: Joe Cox of College Football HQ on SI has named the Hoosiers as potential team to watch when it comes to star Arizona State quarterback Sam Leavitt in the transfer portal. "Assuming Mendoza does go to the NFL (which seems like a foregone conclusion), the spot is open for an immediate splash." Leavitt made the decision to enter the transfer portal back on Monday. During the 2025 college football season at Arizona State, Leavitt completed 60.7 percent of his passes for 1,628 yards, 10 touchdowns, and three interceptions, while also running for 306 yards and five scores.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nba/ex-lakers-champion-makes-eye-opening-luka-doncic-kobe-bryant-comparison-11177736
Article: He believes that the newest Los Angeles Lakers star Luka Doncic, who was acquired in a blockbuster trade in February for All-Star forward Anthony Davis, is the one to carry on Bryant’s legacy. He understands the geometry of the basketball court very well, but there’s something in his eyes when he plays the game of basketball that is just that killer.” More news: Lakers’ LeBron James Latest Comments Raise Big Retirement Questions ... More news: Lakers Star LeBron James Reacts to Making NBA History vs 76ers Vujacic went on to describe that the pair of stars have a similar sense of “smelling blood” when a team can get taken over by their offensive gifts. Doncic is a public fan and admirer of Bryant’s game, citing the legend’s time with the Lakers as one of the reasons he was excited to join the franchise following last season’s shock transfer from Dallas. If the Slovenian superstar wants to truly carry on Bryant’s legacy in Los Angeles, Vujacic and any former Laker know there is only one way to do so: win a ring.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/congress-defense-budget-bill-could-force-hegseth-to-release-strike-videos-11177569
Article: Why It Matters Lawmakers are pressing Hegseth to release unedited footage and specific orders related to a series of strikes, including a second attack that killed survivors, on an alleged drug boat in the Caribbean, raising concerns over legality, accountability and possible war crimes. What To Know The annual NDAA, now advancing through Congress, incorporates provisions that compel the Pentagon to furnish committees on Armed Services of the House of Representatives and Senate with raw videos of strikes carried out by the U.S. The wording says that the Department of Defense (DOD) "provides to the Committees on Armed Services of the House of Representatives and the Senate unedited video of strikes conducted against designated terrorist organizations in the area of responsibility of the United States Southern Command." When reached via email for comment on Monday night, the Pentagon told Newsweek, "We do not comment on pending legislation." According to Politico, who was first to report the demand, Congress is planning to withhold part of Hegseth's travel budget until the DOD provides lawmakers with the unedited videos. When asked by ABC News Senior Political Correspondent Rachel Scott on Monday about whether he would release the full video of the second strike, Trump said, "whatever Hegseth wants to do is OK with me." The president also called Scott "obnoxious" and a "terrible" reporter for her line of questioning. We should KILL EVERY DAMN ONE of these Narco TERRORISTS." DOW Rapid Response, on X Saturday: ".@SECWAR The days in which designated terrorist organizations operate freely in our hemisphere are OVER. We are killing them, and we will keep killing them so long as they poison our people with narcotics.'” Texas Democratic Congressman Joaquin Castro, on X Friday: "Trump is illegally striking ships in the Caribbean to 'go after cartels' only to pardon drug kingpins. It's complete hypocrisy, it's recklessness, and it's lawlessness." What Happens Next The House is expected to approve the act later this week without changes and then it will head to the Senate, according to Politico.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nfl/jon-gruden-makes-opinion-of-philip-rivers-potential-nfl-comeback-crystal-clear-11177646
Article: He might not love any single player more than Philip Rivers, who today turns 44 years old on Monday and is reportedly on a flight to Indianapolis to possibly stage one of the wildest comebacks in sports history. Backup Riley Leonard, who came in for Jones following his non-contact injury, is currently dealing with knee issues and might not be able to suit up for a must-win game on Sunday against the 10-3 Seattle Seahawks. More news: Colts to Attempt to Bring Philip Rivers Out of Retirement After the news that Rivers would be hopping on a plane to try and save his former team that he retired from in 2020, Gruden couldn’t help but show his support for the former Pro Bowler.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/ncaa/alabama-crimson-tide-paul-finebaum-head-turning-cfp-prediction-11177856
Article: The Alabama Crimson Tide had a lot of nerves awaiting the committee's decision on their College Football Playoff fate, but they ended up getting into the field as the No. While many have already written Alabama off as a potential national championship contender, there is one notable analyst who believes that the Crimson Tide still have a path to winning it all. Read more: Ohio State’s Ryan Day Sends Warning Ahead of College Football Playoff One weakness that Finebaum sees has been the recent play of quarterback Ty Simpson and Alabama's running game.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/blue-jays-not-done-with-32-million-hurler-yet-11177657
Article: On Monday, Blue Jays insider Keegan Matheson of MLB.com shared on X that the team's plan moving forward is that Rodríguez will "continue as a reliever" and has a shot at winning back his 40-man roster spot. "Not an ideal situation, but the Blue Jays can handle the contract and there’s still a path for him to win his 40-man spot back (like Tim Mayza post-surgery in 2021)." Rodriguez still has three years left on his deal, but Toronto has shown that it isn't afraid to open up its wallet, so money shouldn't really be a concern.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/thailand-cambodia-trade-blame-as-clashes-spread-on-disputed-border-11177806
Article: Battles fanned out across the Thai-Cambodian border on Tuesday as the warring neighbors traded accusations of firing into each other’s territory, casting new doubts on a ceasefire that President Donald Trump helped broker in July.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/mlb/mets-accept-pete-alonso-meeting-with-other-teams-at-winter-meetings-11177595
Article: I think he'll take the time here to perhaps meet with organizations he doesn't know quite as well and I'm sure we'll be in touch." The Mets know Alonso will have suitors just as they did last year. Both teams are in need of power hitters, and the Red Sox are also searching for a right-handed bat and a first baseman; Alonso would check both boxes for Boston.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/red-sox-urged-to-sign-yankees-reliever-after-down-year-insider-11177394
Article: Boston boasted one of the best bullpens in baseball this season, but with multiple relievers set to test free agency this offseason, the team could target a hurler from their hated rivals, the New York Yankees. "The Red Sox had a tremendous bullpen in 2025, finishing second in the majors with a 3.41 ERA thanks in large part to the duo of Garrett Whitlock and Aroldis Chapman at the back end," Randhawa wrote Monday. "Weaver is coming off a down year by his standards in his second season with the Yankees, but there is plenty of reason to believe he’ll bounce back in 2025, and adding him could create a three-headed monster in the Boston pen. Beyond that, it’s always nice for the Red Sox when they can take from their archrivals in the Bronx." Weaver began his career as a starting pitcher but has flourished as a reliever. The 32-year-old was claimed by the Yankees in September 2023, but he will hit free agency after struggling this season, posting a 3.62 ERA and allowing five earned runs while only recording one out in three postseason appearances.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/ncaa/rg3-calls-out-major-snub-in-heisman-trophy-finalists-reveal-11177769
Article: Robert Griffin III rose to fame as a star quarterback for the Baylor Bears over 10 years ago and won the Heisman Trophy in 2011 for an impressive college season. Over the past several days, he reacted to some of the biggest stories on college football on social media, with his take on a major Heisman finalist snub arriving on Monday evening.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/ncaa/lane-kiffin-makes-key-decision-on-lsu-coaches-joining-ole-miss-for-cfp-run-11177597
Article: The break-up between Kiffin and the Rebels played out in an ugly fashion, as the school refused to let him coach in the playoffs after he announced his intention to join LSU. Rather than risk letting Kiffin poach talent or gain any advantage for next season, the Rebels decided to promote defensive coordinator Pete Golding to the full-time head coach role to provide stability and continuity amid a National Championship pursuit. More than a week ago, Kiffin announced his decision, and multiple coaches boarded the plane out of Oxford to Louisiana, signaling their intent to join the head coach at LSU. More news: Deion Sanders Makes His Heisman Preference Clear Amid Mendoza-Pavia Debate Among those staff members was offensive coordinator Charlie Weis Jr., who Kiffin later allowed to rejoin Ole Miss and help them in their playoff push. On Monday, per a new report from ESPN's Pete Thamel, tight ends coach Joe Cox, wide receiver coach George McDonald, assistant quarterback coach Dane Stevens, and slot wide receiver coach Sawyer Jordan have all joined Ole Miss after Kiffin approved their return. More news: Lane Kiffin Gets LSU Defensive Coordinator Decision Amid Head Coach Buzz On the day of Kiffin's decision, reports surfaced that he was giving Ole Miss staff members an ultimatum: join him at LSU now or miss out on the chance to make the move. Before boarding his LSU-bound plane, Kiffin dispelled that notion, claiming that it was a "narrative." "Someone pumped a narrative in that there was an ultimatum to coaches or something," Kiffin said. Those are all their own individual decisions." Whether or not the reports are accurate, Kiffin has become an undisputed villain in college football for his handling of the entire coaching carousel. However, his willingness to let the LSU coaching staff join Ole Miss in the postseason could be a small step on a long road to becoming a popular figure again.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nfl/kirby-smart-doesnt-hold-back-on-floridas-potential-under-jon-sumrall-11177711
Article: Kirby Smart and the Georgia Bulldogs came out on top in the SEC this season, taking down the Alabama Crimson Tide with a dominant 28-7 final score in the conference championship game this past Saturday. More Football: Alabama Hit With Troubling Prediction After Notre Dame’s CFP Snub Smart's Georgia team had a closely-contest matchup against Florida in the regular season, notching a 24-20 final score over the Gators in Gainesville.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/mlb/carl-edwards-jr-mets-11177269
Article: After one of the most devastating collapses in recent memory, falling from a 5 1/2-game lead in the National League East with the best record in either league on June 12, to 13 games behind the Philadelphia Phillies and out of the playoffs altogether on the last day of the season, the New York Mets are looking to do more than simply fine-tune their roster. But a fine-tuning move is what they reportedly made on Monday, the first full day of baseball's annual Winter Meetings, when, in their first transaction of the meetings, they agreed to sign a veteran reliever whose career highlight came in 2016 when he was a member of the Chicago Cubs team that won the first World Series for the beloved franchise in 108 years. pitched four years for the Cubs at the outset of his career, from 2015 until the trade deadline in 2019, when the Cubs sent him to the San Diego Padres. Most recently, Edwards, now 34 years old, pitched for the Texas Rangers, returning to the team that drafted him in 2011 in the 48th round, a round that no longer exists. More MLB: Yankees Quietly Acquire Controversial 6-Foot-4 Free Agent Outfielder SB Nation Mets correspondent Linus Lawrence described Edwards as "a three-pitch pitcher, sporting a four-seam fastball, a 12-6 curveball, and a changeup which he sparingly sprinkles in." According to Will Sammon of The Athletic, Edwards' reported agreement with the Mets includes an invitation to spring training, where he will compete for a spot in a revamped New York bullpen that looks to be anchored by former New York Yankees and Milwaukee Brewers closer Devin Williams, who was signed earlier this month to a three-year, $51 million free-agent contract.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/wrestling/wwe-adds-unexpected-match-for-saturday-nights-main-event-11177674
Article: During "Monday Night Raw," WWE announced that World Tag Team Champions AJ Styles and Dragon Lee will take on "NXT" star Je'Von Evans and TNA X Division Champion Leon Slater. More News: WWE Star Threatens to Miss Raw Once Again WWE SNME Card Cena will meet "The Ring General" Gunther in the final match of his professional wrestling career at "Saturday Night's Main Event." Gunther has vowed to be the first man to break Cena's spirit and submit him.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/ncaa/future-first-round-qb-fuels-transfer-portal-buzz-after-skipping-team-gala-11176957
Article: Star college quarterback Sam Leavitt is no stranger to scrambling with the football, and he might very well be running away from his Arizona State team to head to the transfer portal. The Sun Devils held their annual celebration dinner to honor the team and staff for the year, and every captain for Arizona State was in attendance except for its quarterback, who led them to the College Football Playoff in 2024. More News: Texas A&M’s Marcel Reed Makes 2026 NFL Draft Decision Before CFP Since coming to Arizona State from Oregon as the offensive coordinator under Dan Lanning, Dillingham has completely changed the school’s outlook. He became the first Arizona State alumnus to serve as head coach of his alma mater and, following a down year in 2023, has helped the Sun Devils become a force in the new-look Big 12 Conference. It would not be the first time Leavitt has transferred, as he began his college career as a Michigan State Spartan before moving to the desert before the 2024 season. If reports are true that Levitt will enter the portal, he will have several top suitors, including Miami, LSU, and Indiana, all of which are set to lose their starting quarterbacks this offseason. With a strong 2026 season, Leavitt could position himself to be a potential first-round pick in the 2027 draft, though he'll have plenty of competition from Ohio State QB Julian Sayin, Texas QB Arch Manning, Nebraska QB Dylan Raiola, and Florida's DJ Lagway.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/red-sox-eyeing-shocking-reunion-with-23-year-old-breakout-star-report-11177449
Article: "A year ago at the Winter Meetings, the Red Sox parted with catching prospect Kyle Teel as the centerpiece of the blockbuster trade that netted them ace Garrett Crochet," McAdam and Cotillo wrote. "In an ironic twist, Teel is once again a trade candidate this winter after debuting in 2025 — and the Red Sox have shown at least some interest in bringing him back." Teel would be a huge addition for the Red Sox this winter. He had a huge year with the White Sox, posting an .886 OPS in Triple-A before hitting .273 with eight home runs and 35 RBIs in 78 big league games.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/desantis-designates-muslim-brotherhood-cair-as-terrorist-organizations-11177604
Article: Florida Republican Governor Ron DeSantis has announced that his state is designating the Muslim Brotherhood and Council on American-Islamic Relations (CAIR) as “foreign terrorist organizations,” directing state agencies to cut off support to anyone who backs them. In a post to X from his official account Monday evening, DeSantis wrote: “EFFECTIVE IMMEDIATELY Florida is designating the Muslim Brotherhood and the Council on American-Islamic Relations (CAIR) as foreign terrorist organizations,” adding that Florida agencies must “undertake all lawful measures to prevent unlawful activities by these organizations, including denying privileges or resources to anyone providing material support.” In a separate post from his personal X account, the governor said members of the Florida legislature “are crafting legislation to stop the creep of sharia [sic] law,” adding that he hopes lawmakers “codify these protections for Floridians against CAIR and the Muslim Brotherhood in their legislation.” CAIR, which describes itself as “the nation’s largest Muslim civil rights and advocacy organization,” responded by announcing plans to sue DeSantis over what it called a “defamatory and unconstitutional” order “baselessly smearing the group as [a] foreign terrorist organization.” In a joint statement from its national office and Florida chapter, CAIR accused DeSantis of prioritizing "the Israeli government over serving the people of Florida,” pointing to his decision to hold his first official Cabinet meeting in Israel, saying "he diverted millions in Florida taxpayer dollars to the Israeli government’s bonds,” and threatened to shut down Students for Justice in Palestine chapters on Florida campuses, “only to back off when CAIR sued him." The group called DeSantis “an Israel First politician who wants to smear and silence Americans, especially American Muslims, critical of U.S. support for Israel’s war crimes,” insisting that “CAIR-Florida is an American civil rights organization that has spent decades advancing free speech, religious freedom, and justice for all, including for the Palestinian people.” CAIR said it looks forward to defeating what it described as the governor’s “latest Israel First stunt in a court of law” and urged “all Floridians and all Americans to speak up against this latest attempt to shred the Constitution for the benefit of a foreign government.” This is a developing story.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/politics/elections/us-rep-marc-veasey-announces-candidacy-tarrant-county-judge/287-dac83040-1717-443b-9363-9a8c536740d5
Article: Mark Veasey, who has represented Fort Worth in the House of Representatives since 2013, announced Monday he would be dropping his bid for reelection, instead announcing his candidacy for Tarrant County Judge. "I've seen firsthand how racially gerrymandered maps were designed to weaken the power of Black and Latino voters in North Texas — communities I have spent my entire career fighting for," Veasey wrote. "The people here deserve leadership grounded in truth, service and respect — not division, extremism and political stunts." This announcement comes following the Republican redistricting of Texas, which has redrawn the district maps to favor Republican candidates — including in Veasey's district. "I'm running because this county deserves a leader who will unite our communities, protect our democracy, expand economic opportunity, and fight for ever family — from Stop Six to Arlington, from the Stockyards to Southlake, Colleyville and Grapevine, all the way to Mansfield and the heart of Fort Worth," Veasey wrote. "The path to our state's future runs straight through Tarrant County — where our diversity, our grit and our determination set the course for the entire state." Incumbent Tarrant County Judge Tim O'Hare issued a statement following Veasey's announcement, where he accused Veasey of bringing a "consistently liberal Washington record of being soft on crime, weak on border security and supportive of higher taxes." "Tarrant County families do not need a 20-year Washington, D.C.

Link: https://abc7.com/post/magnitude-75-earthquake-strikes-off-japans-northern-coast-triggers-tsunami-alert/18263899/
Article: Magnitude 7.5 quake strikes off Japan's northern coast, injuring dozens; triggers 2-foot tsunami TOKYO -- A powerful 7.5 magnitude earthquake struck off northern Japan late Monday, injuring at least 23 people and triggering a tsunami in Pacific coast communities, officials said. "I've never experienced such a big shaking," convenience store owner Nobuo Yamada told the public broadcaster NHK in the Aomori prefecture town of Hachinohe, adding that "luckily" power lines were still operating in his area. A tsunami of up to 70 centimeters (2 feet, 4 inches) was measured in Kuji port in Iwate prefecture, just south of Aomori, and tsunami levels of up to 50 centimeters struck other coastal communities in the region, the Japan Meteorological Agency said. Most of them were hit by falling objects, NHK reported, adding that several people were injured in a hotel in Hachinohe and a man in Tohoku was slightly hurt when his car fell into a hole. The Nuclear Regulation Authority said about 450 liters (118 gallons) of water spilled from a spent fuel cooling area at the Rokkasho fuel reprocessing plant in Aomori, but that its water level remained within the normal range and there was no safety concern. It said there is a slight increase in risk of a magnitude 8-level quake and possible tsunami occurring along Japan's northeastern coast from Chiba, just east of Tokyo, to Hokkaido. Satoshi Kato, a vice principal of a public high school in Hachinohe, told NHK that he was at home when the quake struck, and that glasses and bowls fell and smashed into shards on the floor. "Please be prepared so you can immediately evacuate as soon as you feel a tremor." The quake struck about 80 kilometers (50 miles) northeast of Hachinohe, and about 50 kilometers (30 miles) below the sea surface, the meteorological agency said. It was just north of the Japanese coast that suffered the magnitude 9.0 quake and tsunami in 2011 that killed nearly 20,000 people and destroyed the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant.

Link: https://abc7.com/videoClip/autism-vocational-training-art-therapy-day-programs/18265730/
Article: "Through the action of creating something, we are also creating relationships with our students and helping them create an identity for themselves that's based on being productive and being a productive member of their community," Janet explains.

Link: https://abc7.com/videoClip/v-sattui-winery-dario-thomas-c-davies-50th-anniversary/18095457/
Article: " As a kid, I always dreamed about resurrecting my great-grandfather's winery, but I didn't do so until I was 32 years old." In the early days of the winery, Sattui faced his fair share of challenges. "And now, we have this amazing selection of cheeses and foods and wines." To celebrate this golden milestone, the winery threw a crush party for about 600 people, giving them a unique behind-the-scenes look at a working winery during harvest. "I think we have 60 different wines you can taste." Davies loves the hospitality aspect of the business and invites everyone to come experience a true taste of Napa Valley history.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cy95n8e9lx7o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Zohran Mamdani will live in historic Gracie Mansion as New York mayor "This decision came down to our family's safety and the importance of dedicating all of my focus on enacting the affordability agenda New Yorkers voted for," Mamdani said in a statement on Monday. New York City Mayor-Elect Zohran Mamdani will live in the Manhattan mansion that his predecessors have called home, leaving behind a rent-stabilised apartment that became the subject of heated debate during his campaign. Michael Bloomberg, the billionaire entrepreneur and founder of the eponymous financial terminals, chose to live in his own townhouse on the Upper East Side neighbourhood of Manhattan during his three terms, which ended in 2012.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/9/honduras-issues-arrest-warrant-for-ex-president-hernandez-after-us-pardon?traffic_source=rss
Article: Honduras’s top prosecutor has issued an international arrest warrant for former President Juan Orlando Hernandez, intensifying legal and political turmoil just days after the ex-leader walked free from a United States prison. Attorney General Johel Antonio Zelaya announced the move on Monday in a post on X, saying he instructed the Agencia Técnica de Investigación Criminal, the main investigative body of the Public Prosecutor’s Office, and urged Interpol “to execute the international arrest warrant against former President Juan Orlando Hernández”. Es por ello que en el marco del Día Internacional Contra la Corrupción que se conmemora mañana 9 de diciembre, informo al pueblo hondureño… pic.twitter.com/8V4cpyrKq2 — Johel Antonio Zelaya Alvarez (@jaza_hn) December 8, 2025 Zelaya’s announcement comes as Hernandez was released from a 45-year prison sentence in the US after President Donald Trump pardoned him. Hernandez’s wife, who insists he is innocent, said he will not return to Honduras immediately due to safety concerns and that he is currently in a “safe place” in the US. Hernandez was extradited to the US in 2022, where New York prosecutors had accused him of three drug- and weapons-related offences and alleged he used his presidency to transform Honduras into a “narco-state”. Trump’s decision to pardon Hernandez came as he urged Hondurans to rally behind presidential candidate Nasry “Tito” Asfura, a member of Hernandez’s right-wing National Party, in the country’s November 30 presidential election. “I will be granting a Full and Complete Pardon to Former President Juan Orlando Hernandez who has been, according to many people that I greatly respect, treated very harshly and unfairly”, Trump wrote in a social media post last week.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/9/israel-launches-new-wave-of-air-attacks-on-lebanon-straining-fragile-truce?traffic_source=rss
Article: Israel’s military has carried out waves of air attacks in southern Lebanon, causing damage to several homes, according to Lebanese state media, as anger mounts over repeated Israeli violations of a ceasefire with Hezbollah agreed upon last year. Lebanon’s National News Agency reported late on Monday that Israeli jets targeted Mount Safi, the town of Jbaa, the Zefta Valley, and the area between Azza and Rumin Arki in “several waves”. The attacks come days after Israel and Lebanon dispatched civilian envoys to a military committee tasked with overseeing their ceasefire, a step towards a months-old demand by the United States, which has been urging the two countries to broaden their talks. Lebanese President Joseph Aoun said on Friday that his country “has adopted the option of negotiations with Israel”, and that the talks were aimed at stopping Israel’s continued attacks on his country. Lebanese Prime Minister Nawaf Salam said last week that Lebanon wanted to see the ceasefire monitoring mechanism play a more robust role in verifying Israel’s claims that Hezbollah is rearming, as well as the work of the Lebanese army in dismantling the armed group’s infrastructure. Hezbollah has said it is unwilling to let go of its arms as long as Israel continues its strikes on Lebanese territory and its occupation of five points in the country’s south.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/nation-world/powerball-winning-numbers-december-8-2025/507-d92e0d54-99e1-4ca8-9149-a60e7087d0c1
Article: WASHINGTON — Check your tickets: Powerball's jackpot has climbed to an estimated $875 million for Monday's drawing, marking the second-largest Powerball prize of 2025 as it inches closer to another possible billion-dollar jackpot. Monday's jackpot still falls nearly a billion dollars below September's historic $1.8 billion jackpot, which was split by two tickets sold in Missouri and Texas — the second-largest lottery prize in U.S. Monday's prize represents the cash value of an annuity paid over 29 years; winners can also choose a lump sum payment, which amounts to $403.6 million before accounting for taxes. This year has produced three major Powerball wins: the $1.8 billion September prize, a $526.5 million jackpot claimed in California in March and a $328.5 million prize won in Oregon in January.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/local/tarrant-county/police-investigating-murder-suicide-fort-worth-apartment/287-8306ba62-7d7d-409f-aee6-e1b9b2732d70
Article: Officers were called Monday to an apartment complex at 5700 Remington Circle for a welfare check after the victim's employer became concerned when she didn't show up for work, police say.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/japan-assesses-damage-75-magnitude-quake-injured-33-128230020
Article: Japan is assessing damage and cautioning people of potential aftershocks after a late-night 7.5 magnitude earthquake caused injuries, light damage and a tsunami in Pacific coastal communities This aerial photo shows a vehicle sitting on a damaged road in Tohoku town, Aomori prefecture, northern Japan Tuesday, Dec. (Kyodo News via AP) TOKYO -- Japan was assessing damage Tuesday and cautioning people of potential aftershocks after a late-night 7.5 magnitude earthquake caused injuries, light damage and a tsunami in Pacific coastal communities. A tsunami of up to 70 centimeters (2 feet, 4 inches) was measured in Kuji port in Iwate prefecture, just south of Aomori, and waves up to 50 centimeters struck other communities in the region, the Japan Meteorological Agency said. Chief Cabinet Secretary Minoru Kihara said about 800 homes were without electricity and Shinkansen bullet trains and some local lines were suspended in parts of the region in the early hours of Tuesday. The Nuclear Regulation Authority said about 450 liters (118 gallons) of water spilled from a spent fuel cooling area at the Rokkasho fuel reprocessing plant in Aomori, but that its water level remained within the normal range and there was no safety concern. It said there is a slight increase in risk of a magnitude 8-level quake and possible tsunami occurring along Japan's northeastern coast from Chiba, just east of Tokyo, to Hokkaido. The agency urged residents in 182 municipalities in the area to monitor their emergency preparedness in the coming week, reminding them that the caution is not a prediction of a big one. Monday's quake occurred just north of the coastal region where the magnitude 9.0 quake and tsunami in 2011 killed nearly 20,000 people and destroyed the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/mexican-governor-expected-face-charges-money-laundering-128229516
Article: César Duarte, accused of laundering money diverted from state coffers FILE - Governor of the Mexico's Chihuahua state Cesar Duarte attends the 30th annual Border Governors' Conference in Albuquerque, New Mexico, Oct. (AP Photo/Susan Montoya Bryan, File) MEXICO CITY -- Mexican federal authorities took a former governor of the northern border state of Chihuahua into custody in preparation for charging him with laundering money diverted from state coffers while in office, the Attorney General’s Office said Monday. César Duarte — identified in a statement only as "César N” in keeping with rules over the protecting the identity of the accused — was extradited by the United States three years ago to face state charges of embezzlement and was under house arrest. Juan Carlos Mendoza Luján, a lawyer representing Duarte, told the newspaper El Heraldo de Chihuahua that Duarte had been detained and that his lawyers were still gathering information, but that his detention appeared unlawful. The 62-year-old, of the Institutional Revolutionary Party, travelled to the United States in 2016 with his family to seek medical treatment for an injury he suffered in a helicopter crash.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Technology/wireStory/japan-assesses-damage-75-magnitude-quake-injured-33-128230021
Article: Japan is assessing damage and cautioning people of potential aftershocks after a late-night 7.5 magnitude earthquake caused injuries, light damage and a tsunami in Pacific coastal communities This aerial photo shows a vehicle sitting on a damaged road in Tohoku town, Aomori prefecture, northern Japan Tuesday, Dec. (Kyodo News via AP) TOKYO -- Japan was assessing damage Tuesday and cautioning people of potential aftershocks after a late-night 7.5 magnitude earthquake caused injuries, light damage and a tsunami in Pacific coastal communities. A tsunami of up to 70 centimeters (2 feet, 4 inches) was measured in Kuji port in Iwate prefecture, just south of Aomori, and waves up to 50 centimeters struck other communities in the region, the Japan Meteorological Agency said. Chief Cabinet Secretary Minoru Kihara said about 800 homes were without electricity and Shinkansen bullet trains and some local lines were suspended in parts of the region in the early hours of Tuesday. The Nuclear Regulation Authority said about 450 liters (118 gallons) of water spilled from a spent fuel cooling area at the Rokkasho fuel reprocessing plant in Aomori, but that its water level remained within the normal range and there was no safety concern. It said there is a slight increase in risk of a magnitude 8-level quake and possible tsunami occurring along Japan's northeastern coast from Chiba, just east of Tokyo, to Hokkaido. The agency urged residents in 182 municipalities in the area to monitor their emergency preparedness in the coming week, reminding them that the caution is not a prediction of a big one. Monday's quake occurred just north of the coastal region where the magnitude 9.0 quake and tsunami in 2011 killed nearly 20,000 people and destroyed the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/longform/2025/12/9/satellite-images-show-the-scale-of-destruction-from-asia-floods?traffic_source=rss
Article: The Asian Water Development Outlook 2025, released by the Asian Development Bank (ADB) on Monday, cautioned that the effects of climate change on Asia’s water systems threaten billions of people.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/health/health-news/glp-1-drugs-ozempic-zepbound-risk-obesity-related-cancer-rcna248065
Article: Despite previous excitement around a potential link between GLP-1 drugs and a reduced risk of cancer, new research suggests the popular medications “probably have little or no effect” on a person’s risk of developing one of the 13 obesity-related cancers. “GLP-1 can make people lose weight, and so, if obesity increases the risk of cancer, then, hypothetically speaking, losing weight through GLP-1 may actually reduce the risk of developing cancer,” said Chiang, now a medical oncology fellow at the Northwell Health Cancer Institute in New York. “That was the excitement in this whole research of GLP-1 and cancer risk.” Accordingly, previous research had suggested the drugs — which include Ozempic and Zepbound — may help lower cancer risk. For example, a 2024 study published in the journal JAMA Network Open showed that people with Type 2 diabetes who took GLP-1s had significantly reduced risks of 10 obesity-related cancers. Researchers focused on the 13 types of obesity-related cancers identified by the International Agency for Research on Cancer Working Group and their possible links to GLP-1 drugs, with varying levels of statistical certainty. “Some of that may be just the makeup of the studies, rather than the actual data itself.” “From a cancer prevention perspective, I think more data is needed,” Chiang said, noting that there’s also a lack of data on GLP-1 usage among patients who already have cancer. “While you may not effect a difference in the first two to three years, you may effect a difference five, 10 years down the road with continued use” of GLP-1s. Could there be a small increase of risk that we’re not recognizing yet?” He added, “The patients who are using the drugs at this moment are safer than what we thought before this paper came out.” Still, El-Rayes cited tobacco-related cancers as an example of the need for longer-term GLP-1 research. “You need to follow them up for a longer time to really see the effects of tobacco on cancer development.” “Of course,” he added, “we’re not saying that GLP-1 [drugs] are as risky as using tobacco. “They’re going on these medications to lose weight, to improve their diabetes, their sleep apnea, their heart failure — all their obesity-related conditions, but not cancer.” Wolver praised the thoroughness of Chiang’s research, noting that it broke down analyses by factors such as GLP-1 type, including older versions of the drug that were approved more than a decade ago. Because GLP-1 drugs are relatively young — the FDA didn’t approve Wegovy and Zepbound for weight loss until 2021 and 2023, respectively — physicians and scientists have much to learn of their long-term effects on the body, Wolver said. “I am relieved with the findings of this study that there does not appear to be any increased cancer signals,” Wolver said, “but I am also not dismayed that there was no reduction in the development of cancer or metastases, because I think we just didn’t have a long enough time.”

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/local/kaufman-officers-death-comes-same-day-community-gathers-another-fallen-first-responder/287-cc61255e-33fe-4639-b5ca-17501328547a
Article: KAUFMAN COUNTY, Texas — Family and coworkers gathered outside the Terrell Police Department along Highway 34 Monday night to mark the one-year anniversary of the death of Officer Jacob Candanoza — shot and killed during a traffic stop. When they realized that, it took a really good emotional toll on the responding engine crew.” Cooley had aspirations to become a fire marshal and devoted his time to both the City of Kaufman and South Hunt Fire Rescue. On Monday in downtown Kaufman, Cooley’s coworkers placed his squad car in front of the police department to serve as a memorial to his life of service — a life of service that ended one year to the day of the death of Candanoza.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cg7vdd115vjo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Ukraine prepares new peace plan as Zelensky rules out giving up land 31 minutes ago Share Save Share Save Reuters While peace talks continue, so does fighting along the front line in eastern Ukraine Ukraine is preparing to present a revised peace plan to the White House, as it seeks to avoid making territorial concessions to Russia. Kyiv is set propose alternatives to the US after President Volodymyr Zelensky again ruled out surrendering land, saying he had "no right" to do so under Ukrainian or international law. He made the comments as he met European and Nato leaders on Monday, part of a collective push to deter the US from backing a peace deal which includes major concessions for Ukraine, and which allies fear would leave it vulnerable to a future invasion. Zelensky's ongoing diplomatic tour of Europe comes after days of intensive talks between US and Ukrainian negotiators over the weekend, that failed to produce a deal Kyiv could agree to. Zelensky was due to be briefed on that private summit on Monday by his chief aide Rustem Umerov, who wrote on Telegram that he would feed back details of direct talks between the US and Russian President Vladimir Putin. On the subject of surrendering land, Zelensky said: "Russia is insisting that we give up territories, but we don't want to cede anything." He continued: "We have no legal right to do so, under Ukrainian law, our constitution and international law. Elsewhere, he told reporters that the initial 28-point plan proposed by the US - and rejected by Kyiv and European leaders as being too favourable to Russia - had been cut down to 20 points, according to Interfax-Ukraine news agency. The original leaked version of the US-backed plan proposed that Ukraine hand over total control of the Donbas to Russia, despite the fact that Kremlin forces have been unable to capture it in full after almost four years of war. Leaders in Kyiv and across Europe have indicated there has been progress in refining that draft in recent weeks, and have praised the Trump administration for seeking to mediate an end to the fighting. But Monday's hastily arranged Downing Street summit - attended by Zelensky, UK Prime Minister Sir Keir Starmer, French President Emmanuel Macron and German Chancellor Friedrich Merz - was widely viewed as a show of support for Ukraine as it seeks to resist White House pressure. No 10 said there had been an agreement that the US-led talks represented a "critical moment" to ramp up support for Ukraine, and repeated calls for a "just and lasting peace...

Link: https://www.morningbrew.com/stories/2025/12/09/hostile-territory-paramount-makes-a-bid-for-wbd?utm_source=&utm_medium=syndication&utm_campaign=feed
Article: “We’re really here to finish what we started,” Paramount CEO David Ellison told CNBC, referencing the six bids his company made before Netflix’s offer was accepted, and making sure his words were as hostile as the takeover bid itself. Paramount is relying on more money for shareholders and what it sees as a more straightforward path to a green light from regulators to bolster its bid: Paramount’s offer is $30 per share in cash, and could reportedly go higher. The Netflix deal was already facing scrutiny, with President Trump saying Sunday that Netflix’s large market share “could be a problem.” Paramount is perceived as more likely to get the nod. That’s partly because it lacks Netflix’s streaming dominance and partly because of who’s involved: Some of Paramount’s funding comes from Affinity Partners, an investment firm started by Trump’s son-in-law Jared Kushner. Sovereign wealth funds of Saudi Arabia, Abu Dhabi, and Qatar have also kicked in $24 billion, per Bloomberg—but they and Kushner would forgo any board voting rights, which could help push the deal through.

Link: https://www.morningbrew.com/stories/2025/12/09/supreme-court-considers-expanding-presidential-firing-power?utm_source=&utm_medium=syndication&utm_campaign=feed
Article: The Supreme Court heard arguments yesterday in a momentous case that’ll decide to whom the president can say “you’re fired!” The case directly concerns President Trump’s removal of Democratic Federal Trade Commissioner Rebecca Slaughter over policy differences, but the verdict will determine the president’s power over dozens of independent government agencies. And now, the court seems likely to make the removal permanent, as the Conservative justices appeared receptive to the administration’s arguments that presidents can’t exercise their full constitutional powers without the ability to remove agency leaders. The justices permanently green-lighting the firing would overturn a 1935 landmark ruling known as Humphrey’s Executor, which allowed Congress to limit the president’s authority to dismiss leaders of independent federal agencies.

Link: https://www.morningbrew.com/stories/2025/12/09/china-export-1t-surplus-despite-tariffs?utm_source=&utm_medium=syndication&utm_campaign=feed
Article: One of the main targets of President Trump’s trade war had other toys to play with in timeout: China’s annual trade surplus surpassed $1 trillion for the first time this year as it ramped up exports of semiconductors and vehicles to pretty much everyone but the US, China’s customs agency announced yesterday.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/trump-walking-republicans-into-perilous-trap-over-economy-david-axelrod-11177891
Article: President Donald Trump is repeating former President Joe Biden’s most damaging political mistake by denying the reality of the affordability crisis gripping American households, former Obama strategist David Axelrod warns in a new essay for The Atlantic. Axelrod argues the president is “walking himself – and his party – into the same perilous trap” that helped doom the Democratic Party in the 2024 election, even as voters continue to list rising prices as their top concern. But nearly a year into Trump’s return to the White House, “inflation is as high today as it was the day he took office,” he says, and voters now judge Trump just as harshly as Biden on economic management. In The Atlantic, Axelrod argues Trump’s insistence on portraying the economy as an “economic miracle,” despite ongoing cost-of-living pain, mirrors Biden’s failed attempt to sell “Bidenomics” to skeptical voters in 2023 and 2024. Instead, he says, the president’s “signature economic initiative,” a sweeping round of import tariffs described as the steepest since the Great Depression, has “predictably increased costs for American consumers.” Trump’s across-the-board tariffs plan risked raising prices on everyday goods, with economists warning that broad duties can fuel higher inflation even as wage growth slows. In July, Alberto Cavallo, Harvard Business School professor, told Newsweek that price increases were "largely driven by goods from China, particularly in categories such as household goods, furniture, and electronics." However, Cavallo added, the retail price impacts remained modest when compared with the actual size of the tariffs announced, saying this is in line with trends observed during the U.S.-China trade war in 2018-2019, when "prices at the border rose quickly, but pass-through to retail prices was slow and uneven." "A similar dynamic appears to be unfolding now," he said. firms are experiencing higher import costs, as suggested by stable or rising import prices, but have not yet passed most of these increases on to consumers." Axelrod says job growth has indeed weakened this year and notes that public approval of Trump’s handling of the economy has mirrored Biden’s anemic numbers. The former Obama adviser argues Trump is now resorting to the same messaging issue that sunk Biden—claiming success, dismissing voters’ concerns and blaming his predecessor for economic discomfort nearly a year after leaving office. When asked this week about affordability, Axelrod notes Trump called inflation a “Democrat scam” and “fake narrative,” even as Americans confront higher prices “every time they go to the store or pay their bills.” Axelrod writes that Democrats have seized on Trump’s vulnerability. He highlights last week's special election in Tennessee, where Democrat Aftyn Behn focused heavily on inflation and health care costs and came far closer to flipping a deep-red district than expected—“the latest warning flare for Trump and his party” less than a year before the midterms. Inside the White House, Axelrod describes Trump presiding over Cabinet meetings filled with “fawning praise,” even as the president “drifted in and out of sleep.” When pressed by reporters about inflation’s political potency last week, Trump lashed out, calling affordability concerns a “con job.” What People Are Saying Trump, last week calling the affordability issue a “fake narrative” and “con job” created by Democrats, during a Cabinet meeting: “They just say the word. But we understand that people understand as they look at their pocketbooks and go to the grocery store, that there’s still work to do.” What Happens Next Trump “will never be on a ballot again,” Axelrod writes, but he is now fighting to preserve a loyal Republican Congress. With inflation still elevated, tariffs raising costs and job growth slowing, Axelrod warns Republicans are courting the same backlash that crippled Biden: “asking voters… to believe him over their lying eyes.” If Trump continues downplaying economic pain, Axelrod argues, Democrats could be positioned to retake one or both chambers of Congress in the 2026 midterms—an outcome driven, he writes, by the president’s own refusal to confront the crisis he promised to fix.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nfl/jalen-hurts-just-did-something-thats-never-happened-in-the-nfl-before-11177835
Article: On "Monday Night Football" in Week 14, Philadelphia Eagles quarterback Jalen Hurts delivered a play that has never been recorded in NFL history and might not be seen again for quite a while. In the second quarter of the game against the Los Angeles Chargers on the road at SoFi Stadium, Hurts dropped back and lasered a ball into the welcoming hands of a defender for an interception. More news: Aaron Rodgers Seemingly Throws Jab at Steelers WR The team attempted to lighten the mood during the week by bringing an inflatable Easter Bunny into the locker room, hoping it would change the vibes and bring good fortune.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/most-registered-voters-think-second-boat-strike-was-wrong-poll-11177914
Article: The findings come as President Donald Trump's administration faces intensifying scrutiny over its tactics in the Caribbean, with newly reported details potentially undermining initial justifications that the boat posed an imminent threat to American shores. According to CNN reporting last week, Admiral Frank "Mitch" Bradley told lawmakers that the boat targeted in the September 2 strike was headed to link up with a larger vessel bound for Suriname, not directly to the United States as initially said by the Trump administration. For the warriors, always." Trump, in a message posted across social media in November: "To all Airlines, Pilots, Drug Dealers, and Human Traffickers, please consider THE AIRSPACE ABOVE AND SURROUNDING VENEZUELA TO BE CLOSED IN ITS ENTIRETY. "This briefing confirmed my worst fears about the nature of the Trump Administration’s military activities and demonstrates exactly why the Senate Armed Services Committee has repeatedly requested – and been denied – fundamental information, documents, and facts about this operation. Not a word from libs on 'war crimes.' Meanwhile, over 70% of Americans support @POTUS and @SecWar blowing up narco-terrorists who’ve poisoned our friends, family members, and neighbors before they reach our shores.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/09/private-credit-public-debt-market-red-flags.html
Article: The private credit industry's assets under management are projected to grow to about $5 trillion by 2029, from the roughly $3 trillion at the beginning of 2025, a Morgan Stanley report showed . "In the year ahead, we expect private credit to deepen its role as a mainstream financing solution and to resemble public bond markets more closely," said Emily Bannister, credit portfolio manager at Wellington Management. The market is beginning to display "a private credit analog for each of the public market fixed income sectors," Bannister said, meaning that nearly every type of debt that one can normally find in the public bond market now has a private-credit equivalent. "The lines between public and private markets are blurring." Private credit players used to focus on lending to mid-sized companies, but now they offer versions of investment-grade loans, high-yield debt, asset-backed financing, infrastructure and real-estate credit, according to experts. Credit Portfolio Manager, Wellington Management Emily Bannister The merging pathways between public and private markets are showing up across segments such as commercial real estate and data centers, where financing packages often mix banks, commercial mortgage-backed securities, real estate investment trusts and private credit, said Bannister. The most "evident convergence" lies between direct lending — customized loans provided by private credit players — and broadly syndicated loans — traditionally offered by a clutch of banks — said Danielle Poli, managing director at Oaktree Capital Management. "We're observing the two markets settling into a symbiotic coexistence, as distinctions continue to blur between direct lending and broadly syndicated loans." Growth drivers Private lenders are expanding across industries and credit profiles, just like bond market players. The convergence is also happening because private credit managers accumulated massive pools of capital largely driven and accelerated by investors hunting for yield when public rates were near zero, particularly during 2020 to 2021, said Christopher Acito, CEO of Gapstow Capital Partners. "One implication of private-public convergence is that increased competition in some segments of the market can impact credit profiles by increasing the risk of aggressive underwriting and weaker covenant protections," Bannister said. Amid intensifying competition, "risks might include managers getting caught in a fight for deal flow and thus accepting credit risk that comes without commensurate reward." The recent First Brands fiasco underscored those concerns. The auto-parts maker defaulted on more than $1.5 billion of private loans after a sudden liquidity crunch , blindsiding its lenders and exposing how quickly the market can experience stress when underwriting is aggressive and private lenders do not have enough visibility into deteriorating fundamentals. "Investors might actually double or triple down in their exposure to select names rather than getting the diversification they were seeking." Another concern is liquidity, or the lack of it. While new tools are emerging, she said it's "too soon to say whether these new solutions will provide meaningful liquidity." Regulatory reports have also flagged the risk that highly leveraged non-bank lenders , operating in relatively opaque structures, could amplify stress in a future downturn .

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/liveblog/2025/12/9/thailand-cambodia-live?traffic_source=rss
Article: blinking-dot Live updates Live updates, Thailand-Cambodia live: Renewed fighting kills more civilians, soldiers Cambodia says Thailand’s military resumed attacks on Tuesday morning in border regions, killing at least two people.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cg4nrrxrprvo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: 'New lease of life': Nothing beats Jess Glynne for TikTok's UK song of the year 22 minutes ago Share Save Georgia Levy-Collins and Jordan Kenny , BBC Newsbeat Share Save Getty Images Glynne's 2015 song Hold My Hand features in the viral Jet2 advert Ready for this? The 2015 hit has become associated with adverts for the holiday company over the years, but it gained a new life when TikTok users began using the audio to make a joke out of their holiday fails, travelling chaos and mishaps. After claiming the title of TikTok's UK and global song of the summer earlier this year, the track has gone on to soundtrack about 6.6 million videos on the platform, according to TikTok. "It's the most amazing feeling knowing that 10 years later a song that means so much to me, and was such an important part of my journey into music and earning my stripes as a solo artist - to 10 years later to be able to celebrate again and again throughout this year - has been insane," she said. The pop star revealed she has had to listen to herself over the plane airways once when she went on a Jet2 holiday to the Greek island Corfu with her family. Getty Images Hold My Hand was a UK number one for three weeks in 2015 Despite being part of the internet meme that was on everyone's TikTok feed this summer, Jess said her own tends to look a little different. The signer rose to fame in 2014 following her feature on the Clean Bandit's hit Rather Be, followed by her collab with Route 94 on My Love, with both reaching the top spot in the UK charts. Getty Images Connie Francis sold millions of records, and was the first female recording artist to top the US Billboard Hot 100 singles chart Other titles include: Global girl group KATSEYE named as TikTok's global artist of the year Taylor Swift was the global most-saved artist in 2025 US singer EJAE, who co-wrote many of the tracks on the hit film KPop Demon Hunters, was TikTok's songwriter of the year Anxiety by US singer Doechii is TikTok's music trend of the year

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c23e7p40y04o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Goa nightclub owners fled to Thailand hours after deadly fire, police say 2 hours ago Share Save Share Save Reuters The nightclub is located in a busy tourist area The owners of a nightclub in Goa, India, where a devastating fire killed 25 people on Sunday, fled the country hours after the tragedy, police have said. Investigators believe the fierce blaze was triggered by fireworks being set off inside the venue, Birch By Romeo Lane, which is located in a busy nightlife area of Goa, a coastal state popular with domestic and international tourists.

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/12/09/g-s1-101277/honduras-seeks-arrest-hernandez-trump-pardon
Article: Honduras seeks arrest of ex-President Hernández after Trump pardon toggle caption Moises Castillo/AP TEGUCIGALPA, Honduras — Honduras Attorney General Johel Zelaya said Monday that he had ordered Honduran authorities and asked Interpol to execute a 2023 arrest order for ex-President Juan Orlando Hernández, pardoned by U.S. The order says that it must be executed "in the case that the accused is freed by United States authorities." Dozens of Honduran officials and politicians were implicated in the so-called Pandora case in which Honduran prosecutors alleged government funds were diverted through a network on nongovernmental organizations to political parties, including Hernández's 2013 presidential campaign. A lawyer for Hernández, Renato Stabile, said in an email that, "This is obviously a strictly political move on behalf of the defeated Libre party to try to intimidate President Hernandez as they are being kicked out of power in Honduras. It is shameful and a desperate piece of political theatre and these charges are completely baseless." toggle caption Moises Castillo/AP Zelaya had said after Trump announced his intention to pardon Hernández that his office would have to take action to end impunity. While some Hondurans remain nostalgic for Hernández's two terms in office, many were shocked that a man convicted of drug trafficking in a closely watched trial could suddenly be released early in his sentence.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/florida-execute-man-convicted-1989-home-invasion-killing-128231226
Article: A total of 44 men have died by court-ordered execution so far this year in the U.S., and a handful of executions are scheduled for the rest of the year.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/ice-arrests-afghans-rise-wake-national-guard-attack-128231135
Article: The suspect in the attack is an Afghan national ICE arrests of Afghans are on the rise in the wake of National Guard attack, immigration lawyers say By SAHAR AKBARZAI Associated Press , MARTHA BELLISLE Associated Press , REBECCA SANTANA Associated Press , and JULIE WATSON Associated Press Rohullah R., who did not want his face to be shown or to disclose his last name out of fear of ICE, is photographed at his home in North Highlands, Calif., Friday, Dec. Vásquez) Rohullah R., who did not want his face to be shown or to disclose his last name out of fear of ICE, is photographed at his home in North Highlands, Calif., Friday, Dec. Coming just days after the shooting of two National Guard troops by an Afghan national suspect, federal authorities have carried out increased arrests of Afghans in the U.S., immigration lawyers say as Afghans both in and outside the country have come under intense scrutiny by immigration officials. “His wife was trying to hold back tears, but I could see her in the rearview mirror silently crying.” They had fled Afghanistan under threat by the Taliban because the wife’s father had assisted the U.S. In Sacramento, home to one of the nation’s largest Afghan communities, volunteers monitoring ICE activities say they witnessed at least nine arrests at the federal building last week after Afghan men received calls to check in there. Tricia McLaughlin, a spokesperson for the Department of Homeland, said in an email that the agency "has been going full throttle on identifying and arresting known or suspected terrorists and criminal illegal aliens that came in through Biden’s fraudulent parole programs and working to get the criminals and public safety threats OUT of our country.” Rahmanullah Lakanwal, the 29-year-old Afghan suspect in the shooting, was granted asylum earlier this year, according to advocate group #AfghanEvac. “A lot of these people kept our troops safe and served side by side with our soldiers for two decades in Afghanistan." In Sacramento, Afghan men arrived one by one to the ICE office Dec. 1 after being asked to immediately report there, drawing the attention of volunteers who have been at the federal building for more than six months to monitor ICE activities and alert immigrants. Iqbal Wafa, an Afghan immigration consultant in Sacramento, said officials told his client when he went to his appointment last week that that interviews for Afghans are canceled, and he observed interviews for other Afghan immigrants were canceled as well inside a federal building in Sacramento.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/supreme-court-weighs-republican-appeal-end-limits-party-128231044
Article: The Supreme Court is considering a Republican-led drive, backed by President Donald Trump’s administration, to overturn a quarter-century-old decision and erase limits on how much political parties can spend in coordination with candidates for Congress... Scott Applewhite, File) WASHINGTON -- WASHINGTON (AP) — The Supreme Court is considering a Republican-led drive, backed by President Donald Trump’s administration, to overturn a quarter-century-old decision and erase limits on how much political parties can spend in coordination with candidates for Congress and president. A day after the justices indicated they would overturn a 90-year-old decision limiting the president's power to fire independent agency heads, the court is revisiting a 2001 decision that upheld a provision of federal election law that is more than 50 years old. Instead, they should hold the case is moot now that the FEC agrees with Republicans that the law is unconstitutional and there is “no credible risk” the agency will try to enforce it, Martinez wrote.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/cambodia-vows-fierce-fight-thailand-escalating-border-conflict-128231316
Article: Cambodia’s President Hun Sen has vowed a fierce fight against Thailand amid ongoing combat between the two countries A Thai resident who fled clashes between Thai and Cambodian soldiers, uses mobile phone while taking shelter in Buriram province, Thailand, Tuesday, Dec. (AP Photo/Wason Wanichakorn) SURIN, Thailand -- SURIN, Thailand (AP) — Cambodia’s powerful Senate President Hun Sen on Tuesday vowed that his country would carry out a fierce fight against Thailand as a second day of widespread renewed combat between the Southeast Asian neighbors drove tens of thousands of people to flee border areas. Fighting broke out following a skirmish in which one Thai soldier was killed Sunday night, despite a ceasefire that ended five days of fighting in July over competing territorial claims along their border, which resulted in dozens of civilian and military dead on both sides, and the evacuation of over 100,000 civilians. In a statement posted to Facebook and Telegram, Hun Sen claimed that his country had refrained from firing back on Monday, but overnight began to shoot back at Thai forces. He wrote that a strategy of concentrating on where Thailand was advancing would allow Cambodia to "to weaken and destroy enemy forces through counterattacks.” Thailand’s army said Cambodian forces had fired artillery at a village in Sa Kaeo province early Tuesday morning, though the strike caused no casualties. Surasant said such operation would continue “until attacks stop.” A separate statement from Thailand's 2nd Army Region, situated along the border, said almost 500 temporary shelters have been set up in four border provinces, accommodating 125,838 people. A more detailed agreement signed in October called for removing heavy weapons and equipment from the border; desisting from disseminating false information, accusations, and harmful rhetoric; implementing measures to restore mutual trust and full diplomatic relations; and coordinating operations to remove land mines.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/wireStory/ice-arrests-afghans-rise-wake-national-guard-attack-128231136
Article: The suspect in the attack is an Afghan national ICE arrests of Afghans are on the rise in the wake of National Guard attack, immigration lawyers say By SAHAR AKBARZAI Associated Press , MARTHA BELLISLE Associated Press , REBECCA SANTANA Associated Press , and JULIE WATSON Associated Press Rohullah R., who did not want his face to be shown or to disclose his last name out of fear of ICE, is photographed at his home in North Highlands, Calif., Friday, Dec. Vásquez) Rohullah R., who did not want his face to be shown or to disclose his last name out of fear of ICE, is photographed at his home in North Highlands, Calif., Friday, Dec. Coming just days after the shooting of two National Guard troops by an Afghan national suspect, federal authorities have carried out increased arrests of Afghans in the U.S., immigration lawyers say as Afghans both in and outside the country have come under intense scrutiny by immigration officials. “His wife was trying to hold back tears, but I could see her in the rearview mirror silently crying.” They had fled Afghanistan under threat by the Taliban because the wife’s father had assisted the U.S. In Sacramento, home to one of the nation’s largest Afghan communities, volunteers monitoring ICE activities say they witnessed at least nine arrests at the federal building last week after Afghan men received calls to check in there. Tricia McLaughlin, a spokesperson for the Department of Homeland, said in an email that the agency "has been going full throttle on identifying and arresting known or suspected terrorists and criminal illegal aliens that came in through Biden’s fraudulent parole programs and working to get the criminals and public safety threats OUT of our country.” Rahmanullah Lakanwal, the 29-year-old Afghan suspect in the shooting, was granted asylum earlier this year, according to advocate group #AfghanEvac. “A lot of these people kept our troops safe and served side by side with our soldiers for two decades in Afghanistan." In Sacramento, Afghan men arrived one by one to the ICE office Dec. 1 after being asked to immediately report there, drawing the attention of volunteers who have been at the federal building for more than six months to monitor ICE activities and alert immigrants. Iqbal Wafa, an Afghan immigration consultant in Sacramento, said officials told his client when he went to his appointment last week that that interviews for Afghans are canceled, and he observed interviews for other Afghan immigrants were canceled as well inside a federal building in Sacramento.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/wireStory/supreme-court-weighs-republican-appeal-end-limits-party-128231054
Article: The Supreme Court is considering a Republican-led drive, backed by President Donald Trump’s administration, to overturn a quarter-century-old decision and erase limits on how much political parties can spend in coordination with candidates for Congress... Scott Applewhite, File) WASHINGTON -- WASHINGTON (AP) — The Supreme Court is considering a Republican-led drive, backed by President Donald Trump’s administration, to overturn a quarter-century-old decision and erase limits on how much political parties can spend in coordination with candidates for Congress and president. A day after the justices indicated they would overturn a 90-year-old decision limiting the president's power to fire independent agency heads, the court is revisiting a 2001 decision that upheld a provision of federal election law that is more than 50 years old. Instead, they should hold the case is moot now that the FEC agrees with Republicans that the law is unconstitutional and there is “no credible risk” the agency will try to enforce it, Martinez wrote.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/9/cuba-sentences-ex-economy-minister-to-life-in-prison-for-espionage?traffic_source=rss
Article: The former minister’s case is the highest profile among officials who have fallen from grace since 2009, when then-Vice President Carlos Lage and Foreign Minister Felipe Perez Roque were dismissed.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c8xd8prjvj0o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: AI tools transform Christmas gifting as shoppers turn to chatbots 43 minutes ago Share Save Danielle Kaye Business reporter Share Save Bloomberg via Getty Images Shoppers carry Target bags outside of Macy's flagship store on Black Friday in New York, US, on Friday, Nov. People are increasingly turning to AI tools, from Copilot to OpenAI's ChatGPT to Google's Gemini, for help with gift ideas and to compare prices, with implications for bargain hunters and retailers alike. While there is not a great deal of data on spending directly linked to AI, Salesforce has said AI is expected to drive 21% of all holiday orders globally, for a total of $263bn (£197bn) in sales. In the UK and Ireland, a survey of 2,000 consumers by technology company CI&T, released this month, found that 61% use or have used AI tools while shopping - most often to find where to buy an item or locate the best deal. Rachael Dunfell Rachael Dunfell used ChatGPT to find a niche gift for her husband's 21-year-old cousin AI firms 'hold the cards' The technology is starting to move beyond using AI tools to help find a product on a retailer's website, to letting shoppers buy items without even leaving a chat-bot. "The smaller ones will be left out for the time being, until they're able to convert their data and get approved to have it listed on OpenAI." Analysts said retailers could draw in shoppers by prioritising partnerships with AI companies.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/football/articles/cly0mr6n0gyo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Raul Jimenez, Ruben Neves, Adama Traore, Pedro Neto, Max Kilman, Conor Coady and Joao Moutinho were all crucial to success under Nuno Espirito Santo and reaching the Europa League quarter-finals in 2020. The five who arrived in the summer, excluding Jorgen Strand Larsen after he made his loan from Celta Vigo permanent, had no Premier League experience and are taking too long to adapt. Edwards has already admitted they need more know-how, which will be an aim in January - although who they are able to sign will largely depend on how far adrift they have fallen. There have been concerns about the squad's ability to gel given the number of nationalities and their fitness levels, with boss Edwards eager to get them to the levels he wants to play with his levels of intensity. The Derby side of 2007-08 had six points at this stage of the season and striker Robert Earnshaw, part of the Rams' squad, knows how badly it can go wrong. If you come in on Monday morning it's heavier to pick yourself up and heavier to look past the results." "You've sold the team, now sell the club" is a regular chant at Molineux from the South Bank as they direct their anger at owners Fosun and executive chairman Jeff Shi. If Wolves are relegated they will remain and there are no immediate plans to sell, though they are open to minority investment into Fosun Sports Group, having spoken to former Crystal Palace co-owner John Textor in October. Former director of player recruitment and development Matt Jackson was also promoted to technical director last month, a move met with scepticism by fans who want to see wholesale change. Even before November's sacking of Pereira, this season was viewed as a new phase for Wolves in terms of reducing the wage bill and transfer fees - while homegrown players will be targeted both in January and beyond.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/luigi-mangione-returns-court-day-4-pretrial-evidence/story?id=128206620
Article: 'There's a weapon!': Officer testifies in evidence hearing about finding gun in Luigi Mangione's bag Luigi Mangione appears for his hearing in the murder case of UnitedHealthcare CEO Brian Thompson at Manhattan Supreme Court in New York, December 8, 2025. A supervising police officer who was present at the McDonald's in Pennsylvania when police apprehended accused CEO killer Luigi Mangione was heard on body camera footage saying Altoona police "probably" needed a warrant to continue searching Mangione's backpack. The footage was played during Day 4 of a pretrial hearing Monday in which Mangione's defense lawyers are trying to exclude from trial critical evidence that they say was illegally seized from his backpack without a warrant. Altoona police arrested Mangione last December after being called to a McDonald's where Mangione was eating, five days after he allegedly gunned down UnitedHealthcare CEO Brian Thompson on a Manhattan sidewalk. Patrolman Christy Wasser had conducted a cursory search of Mangion's backpack, telling the superior officer on body camera footage, "We just wanted to make sure there's no bomb." Corporal Garrett Trent replied, "I understand. At this point we probably need a search warrant." Another officer is heard saying, "But it's search incident to arrest," the term that authorizes Pennsylvania police officers to search individuals once they're taken into custody. Altoona officers may have been aware of the fatal shooting of Thompson, but at that point, Mangione only had been arrested for forgery based on the fake driver's license police said he was carrying. "Isn't it true that you were actually searching his bag because you thought he was the New York City shooter?" defense attorney Karen Friedman Agnifilo asked Wasser on the stand Monday. The defense also seized on a statement Wasser is heard making near the end of the search at the stationhouse: "Isn't this awesome." Wasser testified she said it "because I'm proud of our department." Agnifilo jumped in, "Because you caught the NYC shooter?" Wasser responded, "Possibly." Agnifilo accused Wasser of pulling over on the way from the McDonald's to the police station and searching the bag again, nothing the drive took her 11 minutes -- two minutes longer than it took other officers. When Mangione was formally placed under arrest at 9:58 a.m., Wasser -- a 19-year Altoona Police Department veteran -- testified that she "walked over and picked up his backpack," immediately pulling out a pocketknife and a loaf of bread. Altoona Police Department officer Christy Wasser is questioned by prosecutor Joel Seidemann at a court hearing before the murder trial of Luigi Mangione in New York City, December 8, 2025 in a courtroom sketch. Wasser was heard joking that she preferred to check it at the McDonald's because she "didn't want to pull a Moser" -- a sarcastic reference, she said, to a former Altoona officer who brought a bomb to the police station. The defense is also trying to cast doubt on Wasser's claim that she was searching for a potential bomb, arguing in court filings that the mention of a bomb was an "excuse designed to cover up an illegal warrantless search of the backpack." During cross examination, defense attorney Karen Friedman Agnifilo asked Wasser if she cleared the McDonald's while searching for a potential bomb, and Wasser replied, "No." Friedman Agnifilo asked, "Do you ask anyone to leave the area you are in?" and, "Do you prevent anything from coming into that side area of the McDonald's to use the bathroom?" Wasser replied, "No" to both questions. Luigi Mangione appears with his lawyers for a suppression of evidence hearing in the killing of UnitedHealthcare CEO Brian Thompson in Manhattan Criminal Court on December 8, 2025 in New York City. Pool/Getty Images Friedman Agnifilo also attempted to highlight that Wasser eagerly arrived at the McDonald's after the officer who first responded to the call told her that he was busy. "There's a weapon!" she's heard shouting on the video footage to the other officers in the intake area, as Mangione was being searched just feet away with his ankles shackled. Wasser testified that she was cautious when checking the back because the nature of Mangione's alleged crime "greatened [her] concern." Luigi Mangione listens as Altoona Police Department officer Christy Wasser testifies at a hearing ahead of his murder trial in New York City, December 8, 2025 in a courtroom sketch. The stationhouse backpack search also turned up a slip of paper with a crude, handwritten map of Pittsburgh, Wasser testified, as well as what Seidemann described as possible escape routes. The note said, "Keep momentum, FBI slower overnight" and "Break CAM continuity." Another line read, "3+ hrs off cam, exit diff method (ex: megabus, rail)" and a note saying "check reports for current situation." The note also said, "bus to Penn station," "change hat" and "either taxi ... or cross river." Luigi Mangione appears for a suppression of evidence hearing in the killing of UnitedHealthcare CEO Brian Thompson in Manhattan Criminal Court on December 8, 2025 in New York City. Earlier in the body camera video -- when she was still searching the bag at the McDonald's while "The Twelve Days of Christmas" blared in the background -- prosecutors highlighted an exchange between officers and a supervisor about whether a warrant was necessary. Smith said she and Weeks advised Altoona police to charge Mangione with forgery, carrying a firearm without a license, tampering with records for identification, possessing instruments of a crime and providing false identification to law enforcement. Luigi Mangione appears in Manhattan Supreme Court alongside his attorney Karen Friedman Agnifilo during an evidentiary hearing in the murder case of UnitedHealthcare CEO Brian Thompson, in New York, on December 8, 2025. Sarah Yenesel/POOL/AFP via Getty Images Smith described a search warrant that obtained a court's permission to seize Mangione's belongings, including items in his backpack, and transfer them to the NYPD. "When they search the bag and they discover, for instance, the firearm, the ammunition and the suppressor, when he does not have a valid permit to carry those items concealed, they become contraband." Handwritten notes that police said they also discovered in Mangione's backpack were not relevant to the local charges in Pennsylvania. Friedman Agnifilo objected to Seidemann referring to the writings as an alleged "manifesto" and Thompson's killing as an "execution." Judge Gregory Carro said it was fine for the ongoing suppression hearing but said, "You're certainly not going to do that at trial." The hearing was scheduled to resume on Tuesday for the fifth day of testimony.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/wireStory/trump-fixing-affordability-problems-hell-test-message-rally-128231132
Article: (AP Photo/Julia Demaree Nikhinson) WASHINGTON -- President Donald Trump will road-test his claims that he's tackling Americans' affordability woes at a Tuesday rally in Mount Pocono, Pennsylvania — shifting an argument made in Oval Office appearances and social media posts to a campaign-style event. Following dismal results for Republicans in last month's off-cycle elections, the White House has sought to convince voters that the economy will emerge stronger next year and that any anxieties over inflation have nothing to do with Trump. The president has consistently blamed his predecessor, Democrat Joe Biden, for inflation even as his own aggressive implementation of policies has pushed up prices that had been settling down after spiking in 2022 to a four-decade high. Companies warned that the import taxes could be passed along to consumers in the form of higher prices and reduced hiring, yet Trump continues to insist that inflation has faded. “You can call it ‘affordability’ or anything you want — but the Democrats caused the affordability problem and we’re the ones that are fixing it.” The president's reception in the county hosting his Tuesday rally could give a signal of just how much voters trust his claims. Monroe County flipped to Trump in the 2024 election after having backed Biden in 2020, helping the Republican to win the swing state of Pennsylvania and return to the White House after a four-year hiatus. White House chief of staff Susie Wiles said on the online conservative talk show “The Mom View” that Trump would be on the “campaign trail” next year to engage supporters who otherwise might sit out a congressional race. Wiles, who helped manage Trump's 2024 campaign, said most administrations try to localize midterm elections and keep the president out of the race, but she intends to do the opposite of that. “We’re actually going to turn that on its head," Wiles said, "and put him on the ballot because so many of those low-propensity voters are Trump voters.” Wiles added, “So I haven’t quite broken it to him yet, but he’s going to campaign like it’s 2024 again.” Trump has said he's giving consumers relief by relaxing fuel efficiency standards for autos and signing agreements to reduce list prices on prescription drugs. But many Americans see the prices of housing, groceries, education, electricity and other basic needs as swallowing up their incomes, a dynamic that the Trump administration has said it expects to fade next year with more investments in artificial intelligence and manufacturing. Since the November elections where Democrats won key races with a focus on kitchen-table issues, Trump has often dismissed the concerns about prices as a “hoax” and “con job” to suggest that he bears no responsibility for inflation, even though he campaigned on his ability to quickly bring down prices.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/9/woman-linked-to-trump-press-secretary-leavitt-freed-by-immigration-agency?traffic_source=rss
Article: A Brazilian-born woman with familial ties to White House Press Secretary Karoline Leavitt is being released from United States Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) custody as she has contested possible deportation, her lawyer has said. Her lawyer, Todd Pomerleau, said in a text message that “we argued that she wasn’t a danger or a flight risk,” and added: “The government stipulated to our argument and never once argued that she was a criminal illegal alien and waived appeal.” The White House has sought to distance Leavitt from the case, saying in a statement that Ferreira had not spoken to the press secretary “in years”. He said Ferreira came to the US as a toddler and later enrolled in the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) programme, which grants protection from deportation to people brought to the country without authorisation as children.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/9/us-court-orders-trump-admin-to-restore-rumeysa-ozturks-legal-status?traffic_source=rss
Article: The United States government must restore Rumeysa Ozturk’s student visa record, a federal court has ruled, months after the Tufts student was released from immigration detention where she was being held for speaking out against Israel’s genocidal war on Gaza. United States District Judge Denise Casper delivered an interim ruling on Monday that US President Donald Trump’s administration must restore Ozturk’s name to a database of foreign students administered by US Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE), known as SEVIS. The return of her SEVIS record would allow Ozturk, who is a doctoral student in childhood development and the media at Tufts University in Boston, Massachusetts, to work and participate in research related to her studies, her lawyers said. “Going through this brutality, which began with my unlawful arrest and 45 days of detention at a shameful for-profit ICE prison in Louisiana, I feel more connected to everyone whose educational rights are being denied – especially in Gaza,” Ozturk added, noting that “countless scholars have been murdered and every university has been intentionally destroyed,” in the Palestinian enclave. Ozturk, who came to the US from Turkiye to study as a Fullbright scholar, was taken into immigration detention on March 25 after her student visa was revoked as part of a wider Trump administration’s crackdown on students who spoke out against Israel’s brutal war on Gaza. Advertisement Many universities had already begun harshly cracking down on the protests, which included the student encampment at Columbia University in New York, in a bid to repress criticism of the war, which received considerable funding and political support from the US government and companies. “Here in the US, it is truly sad how much valuable knowledge is currently being lost due to the widespread fear of punishment within the academic community,” Ozturk said in her statement on Monday. She was one of four Tufts students who co-authored an article published on March 26, 2024 in the Tufts Daily student newspaper, calling on the university to implement student resolutions to “acknowledge the Palestinian genocide” as well as to “disclose its investments and divest from companies with direct or indirect ties to Israel”. Jessie Rossman, legal director at the American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) of Massachusetts, one of the organisations representing Ozturk, said they were grateful her record would now be reinstated after months of “unlawful, and unfair, treatment”. “Ms Ozturk came to Massachusetts as a scholar to study childhood development and the media, and we all benefit when she is able to fully participate in her doctoral program,” Rossman said in a statement. Although many of the students arrested by the Trump administration for pro-Palestinian activism have since been released from detention, several, including former Columbia University student Mahmoud Khalil, have continued to face legal issues related to their immigration status. Meanwhile, Leqaa Kordia, a 32-year-old Palestinian woman who participated in the Columbia University protests, is still being detained in immigration detention, according to Amnesty International, months after she was arrested on March 13.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/tensions-flare-israel-lebanon-border-war-torn-communities-128200182
Article: One year into a shaky ceasefire between Israel and the militant group Hezbollah, people are trickling back to communities along the Israel-Lebanon border and struggling to rebuild METULA, Israel -- Ilan Rosenfeld walks through the burnt-out shell of his former business, stepping over crackling pieces of clay plates that used to line his cafe and past metal scraps of Hezbollah rockets littering the rubble. “Everything I had, everything I saved, everything I built – it’s all burned,” he said as he scanned the damage of the business he'd run for 40 years in Metula, which has long been at the crosshairs of flare-ups along the volatile border. “Every day I wake up, and all I have left are tears.” Rosenfeld was among tens of thousands of people forced from their homes when war broke out between Israel and the militant group Hezbollah in October 2023, following Hamas' attack in southern Israel. Communities like Metula that were in the center of the conflict remain little more than ghost towns, most still half empty, with many people skeptical of their government's promise to keep them safe. I can barely survive the day-to-day.” Metula residents were among the 64,000 forced to evacuate and relocate to hotels and temporary homes farther south when Hezbollah began firing rockets over the border into Israel in fall 2023. “The residents who live on Israel’s northern border, we are Israel’s human shield.” A spokesman for Zeev Elkin, a Cabinet minister overseeing reconstruction in the north, said the local government has not used funds allocated to reconstruction “due to narrow political and oppositional considerations.” As Hezbollah refuses to disarm, Israel has accused Lebanon’s government of not doing enough to neutralize the militant group. The strikes are among a number of offensives Israel has launched – including those in Gaza, the West Bank and Syria – in what it calls an effort to crack down on militant groups. special rapporteur Morris Tidball-Binz said the strikes amount to “war crimes.” Israel has maintained that it has the right to continue strikes to protect itself from Hezbollah rearming and accuses the group of using civilians as human shields. The local government's list of public shelters reads: “Metula is prepared for an emergency.” Explosions and gunfire periodically echo from military drills while farmer Levav Weinberg plays with his 10-, 8- and 6-year-old children.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/clashes-notorious-ecuadorian-prison-kill-13-inmates-government-128226306
Article: Clashes that erupted among prisoners in one of Ecuador’s most notorious prisons have left 13 inmates dead QUITO, Ecuador -- Clashes that erupted among prisoners in one of Ecuador's most notorious prisons left 13 inmates dead, authorities said Monday as the country grapples with drug violence and narcotics shipments that are often run from inside prisons. The violence broke out on Sunday following the “detonation of an explosive device” outside the Machala Prison in southwestern Ecuador, according to the National Service for People Deprived of Liberty. Ecuador’s homicide rate has tripled over the past four years, as the South American nation becomes a key transit point for cocaine shipments headed to Mexico and the United States. Ecuador’s military took charge of the nation’s prisons following Noboa’s decree, but the situation in many facilities is still tenuous with the Interamerican Commission of Human Rights in January urging the government to investigate crimes committed in prisons and protect the lives of inmates.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/honduras-waiting-final-presidential-election-count-week-after-128227176
Article: Honduras is still waiting for final election results, more than a week after voting for a new president Honduras is still waiting for the final presidential election count, over a week after the vote Screens show the results of the ongoing vote count of Sunday's presidential election at a National Electoral Council facility in Tegucigalpa, Honduras, Thursday, Dec. (AP Photo/Moises Castillo) TEGUCIGALPA, Honduras -- More than a week after Hondurans voted to elect a new president, results continue to trickle in as complaints grow about the slow process and allegations of irregularities by the three top candidates. The two leading candidates are Nasry Asfura, of the conservative National Party, who has 40.21% of the votes and Salvador Nasralla, of the also conservative Liberal Party, who has 39.49%. “LIBRE does not recognize the elections held under the interference and coercion of the President of the United States, Donald Trump, and the allied oligarchy that have attacked the Honduran people with an ongoing electoral coup,” Moncada said. President Donald Trump endorsed Asfura and announced his pardon of ex-President Juan Orlando Hernández, who belongs to the same party and last year was sentenced to 45 years in a U.S. Eduardo Fuentes, election director of the National Electoral Council, asked Hondurans for patience and on Monday told The Associated Press that the vote is being done in the correct way and according to the law, which gives the council 30 days to complete the count. That process is very important — it will process 7,776 tally sheets with issues, of which 2,294 are for a presidential candidate and could make a significant difference between the two top candidates, who are now separated by about 20,000 votes. If there is a special recount, the CNE will establish 150 Special Verification Boards, each comprised of one representative from each party, one from the electoral council, an international observer and a representative from an auditing company.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/photos-golden-retrievers-gathered-buenos-aires-world-record-128214803
Article: Photos of golden retrievers gathered in Buenos Aires for a world record attempt By NATACHA PISARENKO Associated Press The Associated Press The Associated Press Maximiliano Rivero holds up his pet Manola at a Palermo neighborhood park as people try to set a world record of most Golden Retrievers gathered in a park, in Buenos Aires, Argentina, Monday, Dec. (AP Photo/Natacha Pisarenko) Maximiliano Rivero holds up his pet Manola at a Palermo neighborhood park as people try to set a world record of most Golden Retrievers gathered in a park, in Buenos Aires, Argentina, Monday, Dec. (AP Photo/Natacha Pisarenko) BUENOS AIRES, Argentina -- Dog lovers gathered Monday in Argentina’s Buenos Aires to try to set a world record for the most golden retrievers assembled in a park.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/wireStory/tracking-retirement-announcements-members-congress-128212302
Article: House, tracking the GOP members set to leave the chamber — some of whom have been among President Donald Trump's top Capitol Hill champions — can provide a window into what work the party has ahead of it in angling to maintain control. 5, 2025 Reason: Retiring Doggett, who has represented an Austin-based district for more than three decades, said that he would be departing the House after the end of his current term, citing the U.S. In 2024, Doggett was the first sitting lawmaker in the party to publicly call for President Joe Biden to step down as the party’s nominee for president, citing Biden’s debate performance against Trump failing to “effectively defend his many accomplishments.” Date of announcement: Nov. 21, 2025 Reason: Resigning Greene’s transformation from Trump loyalist to one of his harshest critics culminated in her surprise announcement that she would end her congressional career in January 2026. Greene’s resignation followed a public falling-out with Trump in recent months, as the congresswoman criticized him for his stance on files related to Jeffrey Epstein, along with foreign policy and health care. House delegation (and only by a technicality; fellow retiring representative Jerry Nadler was also first elected in 1992 but took his seat a few months early due to his predecessor’s death). Arrington, a fiscal hawk, is the chair of the House Budget Committee and played a key role in passing Trump’s One Big Beautiful Bill Act, a large-scale tax and spending bill. House, Watson Coleman has served the district around the state capital of Trenton and the tony college town of Princeton sine 2014, after spending almost two decades representing part of the region in the state legislature. 6, 2025 Reason: Running for governor Garcia turned in nominating petitions for the 2026 primary in October but confirmed right when the filing period ended that he would not seek a seventh term in his western Chicago seat. Pelosi represented San Francisco but made her mark on the national stage, ushering through impactful legislation like the Affordable Care Act and keeping an unruly Democratic caucus in line throughout the Obama, Trump and Biden administrations. Golden, first elected in 2018, is one of the most moderate Democrats in Congress and has shown his willingness to break with his party on issues ranging from impeaching Trump to reopening the government during this fall’s shutdown. Hunt’s runs deep: He was the first Republican to endorse him after the former president’s 2022 comeback campaign announcement, and he gave a prime-time speech on opening night of the 2024 Republican National Convention in Milwaukee. Still, according to his campaign consultant, he hopped into a Republican field against the White House’s wishes that already included two Trump-backed candidates, housing developer Karrin Taylor Robson and House Freedom Caucus member U.S. A former anti-terrorism prosecutor and past chairman of the House Homeland Security and Foreign Affairs committees, McCaul, is part of an older generation of foreign policy hawks who’ve tried to counter a younger crop of Republicans who are more skeptical about U.S. Luttrell cited a desire to spend more time in Texas, describing this summer’s deadly Central Texas flooding as a “moment of clarity.” His current district’s boundary lines will change slightly due to mid cycle redistricting but remains heavily Republican. Ernst’s surprise retirement came after she drew heavy criticism for her hesitation on one of Trump’s cabinet picks; in a radio interview that served as her official campaign announcement, Hinson said she was running to be “President Trump’s top ally in the United States Senate.” Hinson flipped her district in 2020 and won her relatively split district by larger margins in 2022 and 2024. House, and years of challenging party leadership as a prominent member of the House Freedom Caucus, Roy announced he would run to succeed Attorney General Ken Paxton, who is running for Senate next year. While he’s known as a fiscal conservative, his relationship with Trump has been complicated at times as one of the few Republicans who initially pushed back against Trump’s claims that the 2020 election was stolen. House, and a member of the House Freedom Caucus, Norman has nevertheless had a strained relationship with Trump over the years as he endorsed longtime colleague and primary opponent Nikki Haley in 2024. Johnson has a largely conservative voting record, but has sometimes joined a minority of Republicans in voting against Trump, including when he voted to override Trump’s veto of a measure that revoked his declaration of an emergency at the southern border. Date of announcement: June 30, 2025 Reason: Retiring Forced to navigate an ever-thinning line between staying in his party’s and Trump’s good graces without alienating his increasingly Democratic district, Bacon has said he is proud of his bipartisan approach in the face of bitter partisanship in Washington. First elected in 2016, Bacon has said he believes Republicans will have a good shot at keeping the seat in 2026, because he believes Democrats in the race so far appeal mainly to the hard left. More circumspect when Trump first entered the White House in 2017, Carter has grown to cast himself as a “MAGA Warrior,” supporting Trump's false claims that he had won the 2020 presidential election and now among those vying for his endorsement in the Senate primary. Date of announcement: May 6, 2025 Reason: Running for Senate Kelly, among the Illinois Democrats vacating other offices to seek Durbin's Senate seat, was first elected to the House in a 2013 special election. While her territory was once considered a swing district, it has trended Democratic in recent years — running as a centrist, she won reelection by a 13-point margin in 2024 — and could conceivably become competitive again with her out. Date of announcement: April 22, 2025 Reason: Running for Senate Stevens sailed to victory in her last election representing Michigan's Oakland County, a key voting block in the battleground state. After flipping what had been a reliably Republican seat in 2018 and narrowly defeating her 2020 opponent in 2020, she cruised to reelection in 2022 and 2024 after her district was redrawn and became more favorable to Democrats. Date of announcement: April 22, 2025 Reason: Running for Senate Defeating a Democratic incumbent in 2012, Barr has — in all but one contest — been reelected by wide margins ever since. Democrats have signaled that they plan to target Barr’s seat among others in trying to win back the House next year, drawing derision from Republicans, who say the Lexington-area district is more GOP-friendly following the last round of redistricting. Date of announcement: April 7, 2025 Reason: Running for governor James' April 2025 announcement — just months into his second term — that he's running to replace term-limited Michigan Gov. Making history in 2018 by becoming New Hampshire's first openly gay member of Congress, Pappas in 2022 defeated GOP opponent Karoline Leavitt, who is now Trump's White House press secretary. Date of announcement: March 20, 2025 Reason: Running for governor Rose, who announced his bid for governor in March 2025, has voiced strong support for Trump in a state he's easily won in the past three presidential elections. A frequent surrogate for the president, Donalds was also on a short list of people considered to be Trump’s vice presidential running mate last year and had Trump's backing immediately upon announcing his gubernatorial bid in February 2025. First elected to the House in 2016, the former chair of the hard-right Freedom Caucus supported Trump's false claims about the 2020 presidential election being stolen, and he was among the Republicans who helped oust Kevin McCarthy as speaker in 2023. 28, 2024 Reason: Running for governor Sherrill announced the impending end of her House career less than a month after winning her fourth term in November 2024, subsequently launching her bid for governor.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/wireStory/sanders-named-browns-starting-qb-rest-season-decisions-128221614
Article: Shedeur Sanders has been named Cleveland's starting quarterback for the rest of the season but questions remain about Kevin Stefanski's failed 2-point conversion decisions in Sunday's 31-29 loss to Tennessee Cleveland Browns head coach Kevin Stefanski reacts to play in the first half of an NFL football game against the Tennessee Titans in Cleveland, Sunday, Dec. (AP Photo/Sue Ogrocki) Not even Shedeur Sanders being named Cleveland's starting quarterback the rest of the season on Monday could quiet the second-guessing about Kevin Stefanski's failed 2-point conversion decisions in the 31-29 loss to Tennessee. The two conversions on Sunday were poorly executed, and brought up the debate of when does playing it safe with a young roster, especially at the offensive skill positions, win out over analytics? “I think every decision you make is based on, I mean, you can say analytics, but you know how good the defense is on short yardage, what their percentage is of stopping the other team — the statistics, and use that to make your decisions,” Stefanski said Monday. The decision to go for two when you’re down, you know, to start the series at 14, that’s also based on the plays you have available to you, the matchups, those type of things. So I don’t think it’s ever just a black and white picture, if you will.” Sanders' 5-yard scramble up the middle brought the Browns within 39-31 when Stefanski decided to go for 2 the first time. Sanders came off the field for the next 2-point play as running back Quinshon Judkins lined up for a direct snap, something they have done at points throughout the season. Stefanski is also convinced that Sanders can learn from his mistakes, such as the ill-fated interception in the third quarter where he scrambled and threw a deep pass to the middle of the field where it was picked off by Tennessee's Xavier Woods. He knows there are always going to be plays that he can be better and those types of things, but he’s very intentional about getting better each and every game he’s out there.” The run defense allowed 5.3 yards per carry as Tennessee's Tony Pollard had a career-high 161 yards.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/wireStory/mcvays-illness-slow-rams-healthy-victory-bigger-tests-128226040
Article: Sean McVay fell ill last Friday night, and he was forced to miss parts of the Los Angeles Rams’ final preparations while he traveled to Arizona separately from the team LOS ANGELES -- Sean McVay fell ill last Friday night, and he was forced to miss parts of the Los Angeles Rams' final weekend preparations while he traveled to Arizona separately from his team. With offensive coordinator Mike LaFleur taking an increased role in the game plan and Matthew Stafford controlling the field, the Rams routed the Cardinals 45-17 Sunday for their seventh win in eight games since early October. “Whether it’s dialogue in the walkthroughs or dialogue with Matthew in terms of how we categorize how we want to call the game, we were able to do that collectively.” The Rams have secured double-digit victories for the seventh time under McVay, the winningest coach in franchise history. “Mike ended up having that yesterday because of some of the things that I missed, and he did a phenomenal job and made some great decisions,” said McVay, who has called the Rams' plays for his entire tenure. The Rams as a whole didn't appear to be seriously ailing even after their rain-soaked, turnover-plagued loss at Carolina last week, but they snapped back into top form during their trip to Arizona. He’ll need to recover quickly: The Rams are getting a visit from powerhouse Detroit on Sunday, followed by a Thursday night trip to Seattle for a critical game in the NFC West race. Opponents who can get the ball out quickly to three or four capable receivers will be able to cause trouble for Los Angeles — although that's true for most of the league. The Rams have one of the NFL's best receiver duos in Puka Nacua and Davante Adams, but a dependable third wideout has not emerged — making McVay's sets with multiple tight ends even more important. Jordan Whittington, Xavier Smith and rookie Konata Mumpfield had one short catch apiece at Arizona, and the Rams have just 37 total receptions for 531 yards and two TDs all season by wide receivers who aren't Nacua or Adams. McVay said he doesn't change preparations when the Rams are facing two games in five days, but he was grateful to get several offensive starters off the field in the fourth quarter at Arizona.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/wireStory/titans-needed-boost-ugly-season-ending-7-game-128223910
Article: The Tennessee Titans needed a win in the worst way if only to make one Monday at work enjoyable The Titans get much-needed boost in an ugly season ending their 7-game skid Tennessee Titans quarterback Cam Ward (1) celebrates after throwing a touchdown pass in the second half of an NFL football game against the Cleveland Browns in Cleveland, Sunday, Dec. (AP Photo/David Richard) Tennessee Titans quarterback Cam Ward (1) celebrates after throwing a touchdown pass in the second half of an NFL football game against the Cleveland Browns in Cleveland, Sunday, Dec. “So just getting a win, build some more confidence, and hopefully it will roll over as we get another win, it rolls over into the new year and into the next season,” Woods said. “It’s just big for everybody, big for the young players for them to really understand it doesn’t matter how you win, you just got to find a way to win and the game’s never over, so you just got to keep playing,” interim coach Mike McCoy said.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/wireStory/colts-playoff-hopes-teetering-qb-daniel-jones-season-128221963
Article: The Indianapolis Colts confirmed their worst fear Monday — quarterback Daniel Jones will miss the rest of this season with a torn right Achilles tendon Indianapolis Colts quarterback Daniel Jones (17) grabs his leg after an injury during the first half of an NFL football game against the Jacksonville Jaguars, Sunday, Dec. It's a two-punch combination the Colts (8-5) simply cannot afford as their once-promising season teeters, their playoff hopes fade and coach Shane Steichen and general manager Chris Ballard are likely to start hearing more questions about their future prospects. Amid all that, their hunt for a new quarterback has them linked to a surprise name — 44-year-old Philip Rivers — who may need a crash course in the Colts' playbook, especially if Leonard can't play Sunday at Seattle (10-3). 8 seed without their starting quarterback and maybe their backup quarterback as they head to Seattle before playing back-to-back home games against San Francisco (9-4) and Jacksonville (9-4) and a regular season-ending trip to Houston (8-5). Well, they're bringing in Rivers who hasn't taken a snap since leading the Colts to the playoffs in 2020 and has been a high school coach in Fairhope, Alabama, since retiring in January 2021. Jones’ interception on the first pass of the game led to one Jags TD, Jonathan Taylor’s fumble led to another, and without Jones the offense seemed to be stuck in the mud on a rainy day. In March, he signed a one-year deal worth $14.5 million including bonuses — a bargain for an NFL starting quarterback — and seemed destined to hit the jackpot this spring.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/wireStory/former-trump-aides-allege-judicial-misconduct-wisconsin-fake-128225316
Article: President Donald Trump’s former attorney in battleground Wisconsin is alleging that a judge presiding over his case and that of two other Trump aides charged with felonies related to the 2020 election is guilty of misconduct and must step aside FILE - Jim Troupis reads a statement after his court appearance outside a Dane County courtroom Dec. -- President Donald Trump's former attorney in battleground Wisconsin alleged Monday that a judge presiding over his felony forgery case related to the 2020 election is guilty of misconduct and must step aside. The attorney and two other former Trump associates charged in relation to their roles in the 2020 fake elector scheme asked that the preliminary hearing in their case set for Dec. Jim Troupis, who was Trump’s attorney in Wisconsin in the 2020 election, filed the motion one week before he and two others were scheduled to appear for the preliminary hearing in Dane County Circuit Court. They face 11 felony charges for allegedly using forgery in an attempt to defraud each of the 10 Republican electors who cast their ballots for Trump in 2020 as part of a plan to submit paperwork falsely claiming that the Republican had won the battleground state that year. In addition to vacating the order to dismiss, Troupis and the two other defendants asked that the preliminary hearing be canceled, all Dane County judges step aside and the entire case be moved to another county. The Wisconsin complaint details how Troupis, Chesebro and Roman created a document that falsely said Trump had won Wisconsin’s 10 Electoral College votes and then attempted to deliver the document to then-Vice President Mike Pence.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/wireStory/bruce-blakeman-launch-new-york-governor-bid-setting-128225502
Article: Bruce Blakeman, a Republican county official in New York City’s Long Island suburbs, is expected to launch a campaign for New York governor on Tuesday, according to a person with knowledge of his plans NEW YORK -- Bruce Blakeman, a Republican county official in New York City’s Long Island suburbs, is expected to launch a campaign for New York governor on Tuesday, according to a person with knowledge of his plans. In a statement, Bernadette Breslin, a spokesperson for Stefanik's campaign, said Stefanik is a stronger candidate than Blakeman and that “it is unfortunate that he is putting his ego first to help prop up Kathy Hochul.” Gov.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/wireStory/florida-governor-declares-muslim-civil-rights-group-terrorist-128228405
Article: The order instructs Florida agencies to prevent the two groups and those who have provided them material support from receiving contracts, employment and funds from a state executive or cabinet agency. Greg Abbott's proclamation, saying in a lawsuit that it was “not only contrary to the United States Constitution, but finds no support in any Texas law.” The Muslim Brotherhood was established in Egypt nearly a century ago and has branches around the world.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/wireStory/bengals-playoff-hopes-miracle-after-uncharacteristic-error-burrow-128218092
Article: Joe Burrow's return from a turf toe injury hasn't been enough to save the Bengals' playoff hopes Cincinnati Bengals quarterback Joe Burrow (9) shovels the ball during the first half of an NFL football game against the Buffalo Bills, Sunday, Dec. Puskar) Expecting Joe Burrow to play perfect football for six weeks after returning from a turf toe injury and lead the Bengals to the playoffs was always a tall order, even though they nearly managed it last year by winning their last five games. “I know we’re up against the wall here with whatever our opportunities are, but we got a big home game this week in the division, so we’ve got to be able to pick ourselves up and find a way to respond,” coach Zac Taylor said. The defeat to the Bills marked the seventh time in two seasons — and the third game this year — where Cincinnati has scored at least 30 points and lost. As a result, the Bengals are assured their first losing record since 2020 and are likely to miss the postseason for the third straight year, despite boasting one of the league’s best quarterback and receiving units. I hope that comes across, and I hope that I know I’m going to continue to work hard to put myself in a good position to make plays.” The Bengals were 10 of 12 on third down, with an 83.3% success rate, their best since 1991.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/wireStory/former-colorado-clerk-remain-state-prison-after-federal-128225587
Article: A federal magistrate judge has rejected a bid by a former Colorado county clerk to be released from prison while she appeals her state conviction for orchestrating a data breach scheme driven by false claims about voting machine fraud in the 2020 presi... Former Colorado clerk will remain in state prison after a federal judge rejects her bid for freedom DENVER -- A federal magistrate judge on Monday rejected a bid by a former Colorado county clerk to be released from prison while she appeals her state conviction for orchestrating a data breach scheme driven by false claims about voting machine fraud in the 2020 presidential race. "When Tina is released, and she will be released in time, hopefully soon, it will mean that we are healing from the atrocities which have befallen Tina and the people of Colorado," Case wrote. During Peters’ October 2024 sentencing, Judge Matthew Barrett called the defendant a “charlatan” and said she posed a danger to the community for spreading lies about voting and undermining the democratic process. It also said the DOJ was reviewing whether the prosecution was “oriented more toward inflicting political pain than toward pursuing actual justice or legitimate governmental objectives,” a line from an executive order entitled “Ending the Weaponization of The Federal Government” that Trump signed shortly after his inauguration. In that 1977 case, a judge freed the late Native American activist Russell Means after he was placed back behind bars because he remained active in the American Indian Movement while free on bond from state custody.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/wireStory/nfc-north-leading-packers-face-major-challenges-back-128224243
Article: Jordan Love realizes the Green Bay Packers can’t afford to get complacent now that they have regained first place in the NFC North Green Bay Packers quarterback Jordan Love looks to throw a pass against the Chicago Bears during the first half of an NFL football game Sunday, Dec. So, it doesn’t really mean anything right now, but tonight was a huge win and going in the right direction going forward.” The Packers have won four straight, including three consecutive victories over NFC North opponents. Nixon wasn’t even responsible for defending Chicago’s Cole Kmet on the play — that assignment had gone to Evan Williams — but Nixon still noticed how the play was developing and alertly put himself in position to make the leaping catch. ”(I) was praying that somebody was behind me to make the play on the corner, and sure enough, like, Jesus himself, 25 (Nixon) comes out the blue and makes a play,” Williams said. It’s not going to be easy from here on out.” The defense is starting to produce takeaways in clutch situations, whether it's Williams' game-clinching interception against the New York Giants to start this winning streak or Nixon's interceptions that sealed Sunday's win. Bo Melton broke into the NFL as a receiver but has practiced primarily at cornerback this year, though all 56 of his non-special-teams snaps this season have come on offense.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/wireStory/shoughs-growth-steady-defense-roster-wide-effort-saints-128228254
Article: Rookie Tyler Shough took another step as an NFL quarterback by showing he could improvise under pressure and in the clutch New Orleans Saints quarterback Tyler Shough (6) passes against the Tampa Bay Buccaneers in the second half of an NFL football game, Sunday, Dec. (AP Photo/Chris O'Meara) NEW ORLEANS -- Rookie Tyler Shough took another important step in his growth as an NFL quarterback by showing he could improvise effectively under pressure and in the clutch. Not only did it add up to a surprising victory on the road and in the rain at NFC South-leading Tampa Bay, but it provided coach Kellen Moore evidence that his players haven't quit on him during his difficult first season in charge. “You have every reason to get distracted when you have the record that we have, and for them to prepare and put themselves in a really good position to be successful on Sunday was awesome.” The victory was just the third for the Saints (3-10), who still need three more victories to improve on their 5-12 mark in 2024. “It's an important aspect for our guys to be able to cope with it and navigate it individually and collectively as well.” As for Shough, his passing numbers were a relatively modest 13 of 20 for 144 yards without a touchdown and one interception. “We always look at the throwing aspect of it, but I think it's all the other little things,” Moore said, such as understanding the blocking assignments and recognizing potential matchup issues. “It was a rainy day, tough conditions, but you just got to see the grit that everybody plays with.” Defensively, the Saints now rank sixth in the NFL against the pass. "Protections is usually the thing that keeps all these young guys off the field earlier in their careers as running backs — and that's the least of our problems with him.” Meanwhile, defensive end Carl Granderson made two tackles behind the line of scrimmage — one of them on fourth and 1. Running back Alvin Kamara (knee, ankle), right tackle Taliese Fuaga (ankle), and safety Justin Reid (knee) will continue rehabbing injuries this week that kept them all out of the lineup in Tampa Bay. The Saints host Carolina on Sunday for their final meeting this season with the Panthers, who entered this week tied with the Tampa Bay Buccaneers for first place in the NFC South.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/wireStory/trumps-attacks-minnesotas-somali-community-cast-spotlight-fraud-128225266
Article: (AP Photo/Alex Brandon) MINNEAPOLIS -- President Donald Trump has linked his administration’s immigration crackdown against Minnesota’s large Somali community to a series of fraud cases involving government programs in which many defendants have roots in the east African country. “I have spent my career as a fraud prosecutor and the depth of the fraud in Minnesota takes my breath away.” A week later, prosecutors charged a woman in an autism program fraud scheme and indicated more would follow. In contrast, prosecutors have long been aggressive in filing terrorism charges against community members who allegedly tried to join or provide material support to al-Shabab or the Islamic State group. tax dollars is being sent to help with terrorism in Somalia, we want to know and we want those people prosecuted, and we want to make sure that that doesn’t ever happen again,” Omar said.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Business/wireStory/trump-giving-farmers-12b-aid-hit-hard-trade-128208154
Article: President Donald Trump is giving farmers some $12 billion in aid to help as they struggle to sell their crops while getting hit by rising costs Trump is giving farmers $12B in aid. They've been hit hard by his trade war with China President Donald Trump speaks during a roundtable on farm subsidies in the Cabinet Room of the White House, Monday, Dec. (AP Photo/Alex Brandon) WASHINGTON -- President Donald Trump announced a $12 billion farm aid package Monday — a boost to farmers who have struggled to sell their crops while getting hit by rising costs after the president raised tariffs on China as part of a broader trade war. Farmers have backed Trump politically, but his aggressive trade policies and frequently changing tariff rates have come under increasing scrutiny because of the impact on the agricultural sector and because of broader consumer worries. Trump has been dismissive of the affordability issue at times, but on Tuesday, he is set to travel to Pennsylvania to talk about how his administration is trying to address a concern that is important for voters. Soybeans and sorghum were hit the hardest by Trump's trade dispute with China because more than half those crops are exported each year with most of the harvest going to China. That’s only about one quarter of what administration officials said China had promised, but Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent has said China is on track to meet its goal by the end of February, which is two months later than the White House originally promised. During Trump’s first term, he gave farmers more than $22 billion in aid payments in 2019 at the start of his trade war with China and nearly $46 billion in 2020, although that year also included aid related to the COVID pandemic. Trump has asked the Department of Justice to investigate foreign-owned meat packers he accused of driving up the price of beef, although he has not provided evidence to back his claims. On Saturday, Trump signed an executive order directing the Justice Department and Federal Trade Commission to look at “anti-competitive behavior” in food supply chains — including seed, fertilizer and equipment — and consider taking enforcement actions or developing new regulations.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Business/wireStory/asian-shares-slip-after-wall-street-pulls-back-128230584
Article: Computer chip giant Nvidia's shares climbed 2.3% in afterhours trading after President Donald Trump said he will allow it to sell its H200 computer chip used in the development of artificial intelligence to “approved customers” in China. Inflation has stubbornly remained above the Fed’s 2% target, and Fed officials are notably split in their opinions about whether high inflation or the slowing job market is the bigger threat to the economy.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Business/wireStory/top-manager-leaves-warren-buffetts-berkshire-incoming-ceo-128224251
Article: Incoming Berkshire Hathaway CEO Greg Abel is assembling his team to help him lead the conglomerate Warren Buffett built starting in January after a couple of key departures FILE - Berkshire Hathaway Chairman and CEO Warren Buffett speaks during an interview with Liz Claman on Fox Business Network's "Countdown to the Closing Bell," May 7, 2018, in Omaha, Neb. (AP Photo/Nati Harnik, File) FILE - Berkshire Hathaway Chairman and CEO Warren Buffett speaks during an interview with Liz Claman on Fox Business Network's "Countdown to the Closing Bell," May 7, 2018, in Omaha, Neb. Berkshire said Monday that one of its two investment managers besides Buffett who has also served as CEO of Geico for several years, Todd Combs, and longtime Chief Financial Officer Mac Hamburg are both departing. Combs is taking a job helping JP Morgan decide how to invest $10 billion while serving as a special advisor to CEO Jamie Dimon while Hamburg is retiring after 40 years. Combs' departure is the most significant news in the announcement that also included creating the jobs of general counsel and a new manager of the many retail and consumer businesses Berkshire owns, But now the question is whether insurance Vice Chairman Ajit Jain, investment manager Ted Weschler and all the CEOs of Berkshire's myriad businesses will remain. Geico's Chief Operating Officer Nancy Pierce was promoted to CEO, but Berkshire didn't offer any details about how Abel will handle the company's stock portfolio that's worth more than $300 billion. Buffett said last year that Abel will ultimately be responsible for picking stocks as well as trying to find acquisitions and deciding where to reinvest in Berkshire's dozens of businesses while managing all of those companies. “Todd Combs is one of the greatest investors and leaders I've known, having successfully managed investments alongside the most respected and successful long-term investor of our time, Warren Buffett,” Dimon said. Keefe, Bruyette and Woods analyst Meyer Shields, who has followed Berkshire for more than a decade, said he expects more turnover in the months ahead as Buffett relinquishes the CEO job he has held for more than six decades. Buffett himself.” Most of those coming departures may not generate headlines, but Shields said he expects a number of the CEOs of Berkshire subsidiaries who have been working long past a typical retirement age will depart now that they are no longer able to work for Buffett. But CEOs who have been reporting to Abel for several years have said they have been impressed with the business acumen he has demonstrated while overseeing businesses as varied as Dairy Queen, Brooks running shoes, Iscar Metalworking, Marmon Holdings and Helzberg Diamonds. But in an acknowledgment of the fact that he will have less time available when he becomes CEO, Abel promoted NetJets CEO Adam Johnson to a new role overseeing all of Berkshire's consumer, service and retail businesses. Shields said he doesn't expect a huge change in direction or see Berkshire split up under Abel, but he's impressed that he's willing to depart from the way Buffett has always run things and implement a more typical corporate structure.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Business/wireStory/paramounts-hostile-bid-warner-bros-discovery-128222047
Article: Discovery's friendly agreement to sell itself to Netflix just got upended by a hostile actor -- Paramount, which made Warner shareholders a higher offer and touched off what is likely to be a lengthy fight in the latest episode of media industry consolidation. "Whichever media company, if any, ultimately secures (Warner), controls the calculus of the streaming wars and so much more,” said Mike Proulx, vice president and research director at research firm Forrester. “With Paramount now also being involved formally with an offer to shareholders, it’s even more likely to us that Warner gets acquired, because it’s no longer a single decision that may or may not hinge on regulatory approval,” he said.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Business/wireStory/federal-judge-throws-trump-order-blocking-development-wind-128226487
Article: A federal judge has struck down President Donald Trump’s executive order blocking wind energy projects, saying the effort to halt virtually all leasing of wind farms on federal lands and waters was “arbitrary and capricious” and violates U.S. (AP Photo/Julia Nikhinson, File) WASHINGTON -- A federal judge on Monday struck down President Donald Trump’s executive order blocking wind energy projects, saying the effort to halt virtually all leasing of wind farms on federal lands and waters was “arbitrary and capricious” and violates U.S. Saris ruled in favor of a coalition of state attorneys general from 17 states and Washington, D.C., led by New York Attorney General Letitia James, that challenged Trump’s Day One order that paused leasing and permitting for wind energy projects. “Massachusetts has invested hundreds of millions of dollars into offshore wind, and today, we successfully protected those important investments from the Trump administration’s unlawful order,” Campbell said in a statement. James said she was grateful the court stepped in “to block the administration’s reckless and unlawful crusade against clean energy.” “As New Yorkers face rising energy costs, we need more energy sources, not fewer," James said. “Wind energy is good for our environment, our economy, and our communities." White House spokesperson Taylor Rogers said Monday night that offshore wind projects were given unfair, preferential treatment during the Biden administration while the rest of the energy industry was hindered by burdensome regulations. “President Trump has ended Joe Biden’s war on American energy and unleashed America’s energy dominance to protect our economic and national security,” Rogers said in a statement to The Associated Press. The coalition that opposed Trump's order argued that Trump doesn’t have the authority to halt project permitting, and that doing so jeopardizes the states’ economies, energy mix, public health and climate goals. Justice Department lawyer Michael Robertson said in court that the wind order paused permitting, but didn’t halt it, while Interior Secretary Doug Burgum reviews the environmental impact of wind projects. Judge William Young allowed the states to proceed with claims that blocking permits for wind energy projects violates the Administrative Procedure Act, which outlines a detailed process for enacting regulations, but not the Constitution. We thank the attorneys general who helped us get this case over the finish line.” Kit Kennedy of the Natural Resources Defense Council called the decision a win for consumers, union workers, U.S. “From the beginning of its time in office, the Trump administration put a halt to the wind energy projects that are needed to keep utility bills in check and the grid reliable,'' Kennedy said. The wind order “has been a devastating blow to workers, electricity customers, and the reliability of the power grid,'' she said, adding that the Trump administration "should use this (ruling) as a wake-up call, stop its illegal actions and get out of the way of the expansion of renewable energy.'' ___ The Associated Press’ climate and environmental coverage receives financial support from multiple private foundations.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Technology/wireStory/trump-approves-sale-advanced-nvidia-computer-chips-ai-128224505
Article: President Donald Trump says he will allow Nvidia to sell its H200 computer chip used in the development of artificial intelligence to “approved customers” in China Trump approves sale of more advanced Nvidia computer chips used in AI to China President Donald Trump speaks with Elon Musk and Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang, during the Saudi Investment Forum at the Kennedy Center, Wednesday, Nov. (AP Photo/Evan Vucci) WASHINGTON -- President Donald Trump said Monday that he would allow Nvidia to sell an advanced type of computer chip used in the development of artificial intelligence to “approved customers” in China. Nvidia said in a statement that it applauded Trump's decision, saying the choice would support domestic manufacturing and that by allowing the Commerce Department to vet commercial customers it would “strike a thoughtful balance” on economic and national security priorities. “Access to these chips would give China’s military transformational technology to make its weapons more lethal, carry out more effective cyberattacks against American businesses and critical infrastructure, and strengthen their economic and manufacturing sector," said the statement. Chris Coons of Delaware, Jeanne Shaheen of New Hampshire, Jack Reed of Rhode Island, Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts, Brian Schatz of Hawaii, Andy Kim of New Jersey, Michael Bennet of Colorado and Elissa Slotkin of Michigan. But there have been concerns that China will find ways to use the chips to develop its own AI products in ways that could pose national security risks for the U.S., a primary concern of the Biden administration that sought to limit exports.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Entertainment/wireStory/paramount-hostile-bid-warner-bros-challenging-72-billion-128207773
Article: Discovery, initiating a potentially bruising battle with rival bidder Netflix to buy the company behind HBO, CNN and a famed movie studio along with the power to reshape much of the nation's entertainment landscape. Emerging just days after top Warner managers agreed to Netflix's $72 billion purchase, the Paramount bid seeks to go over the heads of those leaders by appealing directly to Warner shareholders with more money — $74.4 billion — and a plan to buy all of Warner's business, including the cable business that Netflix does not want. Paramount said its decision to go hostile came after it made several earlier offers that Warner management “never engaged meaningfully” with following the company's October announcement that it was open to selling itself. In its appeal to shareholders, Paramount noted its offer also contains more cash than Netflix's bid — $18 billion more — and argued that it's more likely to pass scrutiny from President Donald Trump's administration, a big concern given his habit of injecting himself in American business decisions. Over the weekend, Trump said the Netflix-Warner combo “could be a problem” because of the size of the combined market share and that he planned to review the deal personally. For its part, Netflix says it is confident Warner will reject the Paramount bid and that regulators, and Trump, will back its deal, citing multiple conversations that co-CEO Ted Sarandos has had with him about the streaming company's expansion and hiring. The fight for Warner drew strong reaction in Washington, with politicians from both major parties weighing in on the likely impact on streaming prices, movie theater employment and the diversity of entertainment choices and political views. A regulatory document released Monday suggested another possible Paramount advantage to win over Trump: An investment firm run by Trump's son-in-law Jared Kushner would be investing in the deal, too. Trump's family company has struck deals this year for buildings and resorts that bear his name in Saudi Arabia and Qatar, partnering in the former with a company closely tied to the government and in the latter with the government fund itself. The site's founder, Bari Weiss, who has a reputation for fighting “woke” culture, was then installed as editor-in-chief in a signal Ellison intended to shake up the storied network of Walter Cronkite, Dan Rather and “60 Minutes," long viewed by many conservatives as the personification of a liberal media establishment. Marjorie Taylor Greene, writing on social media that “THEY ARE NO BETTER THAN THE OLD OWNERSHIP." The drama surrounding control of Warner began Friday when Netflix made the surprise announcement that it had struck a deal with its management to buy the Hollywood giant behind “Harry Potter,” HBO Max and DC Studios. The cash and stock proposal was valued at $27.75 per Warner share, giving it a total enterprise value of $82.7 billion, including debt that will be assumed in the deal. The federal government has the authority to kill any big media deals if it has antitrust concerns, but such matters are usually left to experts at the Department of Justice. That worries Usha Haley, a Wichita State University specialist in international business strategy, who noted that Ellison is the son of longtime Trump supporter Larry Ellison, the world’s second-richest person. John Mayo, an antitrust expert at Georgetown University, said the scrutiny will be serious whichever offer is approved by shareholders and goes before the DOJ, and that he thinks experts there will keep partisanship out of their decisions despite the politically charged atmosphere. “That may affect at least the rhetoric that occurs in the press," he said, "though I doubt it will affect the analysis that occurs at the Department of Justice.” Shares of Paramount surged 9% on Monday while Netflix fell 3.4%, and Warner Bros.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/09/trump-nvidia-chips-h200-china-us-ai-race.html
Article: "By giving this up we increase the odds the world runs on Chinese AI," said Doshi, who was a deputy senior director for China and Taiwan affairs with the National Security Council under the Biden administration. Trump's on Monday said in a post on his Truth Social platform that Nvidia can ship a more advanced chip called the H200 to "approved customers in China" and other countries — on condition the U.S. "The Biden administration forced our Great Companies to spend BILLIONS OF DOLLARS building "degraded" products that nobody wanted, a terrible idea that slowed innovation, and hurt the American Worker," Trump said.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/09/saudi-arabia-eyes-data-embassies-amid-sovereign-ai-push.html
Article: As AI scales, the concept could gain momentum as a way to build data centers overseas — in places that have plenty of resources and power, given energy is one of Europe's biggest bottlenecks in building AI infrastructure — while still operating within the laws of the developer's country. It comes as the country battles its neighbors to become an AI hub as global investors and tech firms turn to the Middle East for its deep pockets and influx of talent, representing a potential shift in global power. Data embassy dealmaking Getting data embassies up and running would be tricky in practice as they require bilateral international agreements on jurisdiction and there is currently no relevant legal framework in place, Viktor Mayer-Schönberger, professor of Internet governance and regulation at the University of Oxford, told CNBC. In April, its Global AI Hub Law draft set out three levels of data embassies, ranging from the guest country retaining full autonomy to hybrid legal protections where Saudi courts could assist foreign courts. being a preferred partner for data embassies, but the pair has established a "Strategic Artificial Intelligence Partnership" with Saudi Arabia that includes the "building and developing advanced AI infrastructure." When asked whether the concept could solve tensions around ByteDance's TikTok, where the U.S. "It would require a complex bilateral treaty between China and the US that would take very long to negotiate; moreover, given the distrust between the two nations, it is hard to imagine that the US would trust China to keep the data off limits," he said. Big Tech firms Google and Microsoft already offer their cloud computing customers with local data centers hosted in Europe for sensitive data, as well as a special governance structure designed to limit U.S. Pressing concerns, waning globalization While concerns of data sovereignty have come into focus as globalization backslides and fresh emphasis is put on national security and economic competitiveness, there is little clarity on how regulations will evolve when it comes to embassies. Palo Alto Networks' customers care about three things: autonomy, which involves the protection of data, understanding who has access, and control; digital resilience to ensure uninterrupted services; and foreign government data access. "It makes sense if Saudi Arabia can offer data centre services at a lower cost than countries that need them," said Hortense Bioy, head of sustainable investing research at Morningstar Sustainalytics.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/09/europe-markets-fed-rate-decision-in-focus-for-stoxx-600-ftse-100.html
Article: "This is an important step towards our common goal to create a more favourable business environment to help our companies grow and innovate." Investors are also digesting comments from U.S. will continue to be a critical competitive battleground." On Monday, the Magnum Ice Cream company debuted on the Amsterdam stock exchange, completing its spin-off from consumer goods giant Unilever .

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/09/cnbc-daily-open-the-warner-bros-discovery-deal-a-cliffhanger-in-the-making.html
Article: The company is "here to finish what we started," CEO David Ellison told CNBC, upping the ante with a $30-per-share, all-cash offer compared to Netflix's $27.75-per-share, cash-and-stock offer for WBD's streaming and studio assets. President Donald Trump permitting Nvidia to export its more advanced H200 artificial intelligence chips to "approved customers" in China and other countries — so long as some of that money flows back to the U.S. "The market action you've seen the last one or two weeks is kind of essentially baking in the very high likelihood of a 25 basis point cut," said Stephen Kolano, chief investment officer at Integrated Partners.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/9/analysis-bangladeshs-bnp-seeks-hasinas-liberal-mantle-before-elections?traffic_source=rss
Article: The Bangladesh Nationalist Party (BNP), the country’s largest political party, is decisively breaking its decades-long alliance with the Jamaat-e-Islami, the South Asian nation’s biggest Islamist group, repositioning itself instead as a liberal, democratic force before national elections. The shift comes 16 months after the toppling of former Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina, following a mass uprising against her decade-and-a-half-long rule marked by widespread human rights excesses, including extrajudicial killings, forced disappearances, arrests of critics and opposition leaders, and a brutal crackdown on protesters in August 2024. In similar comments last month, BNP Secretary-General Mirza Fakhrul Islam Alamgir cautioned against dividing the country “in the name of religion” and stressed that the BNP’s politics ought to rest on national unity, democratic principles, and the foundational spirit of 1971. The BNP’s recent narrative suggests that it wants to appropriate the moral vocabulary of secular nationalism that the Awami League long monopolised through its lopsided historical revisionism of the true spirit of the liberation war. Awami League founder Sheikh Mujibur Rehman led the liberation struggle, but was also responsible for an independent Bnagladesh’s early descent into authoritarianism, when he banned all other political parties to try to set up a one-party system in 1975. Hasina carried forward that legacy when she was in power between 2009 and 2024, banning the Jamaat and arresting thousands of BNP leaders and workers – including its longtime chief and former Prime Minister Begum Khaleda Zia, who is currently in hospital in what her party and family have described as a “very critical condition”. The Hasina government’s ruthless crackdown on the political opposition and other critics turned the 2014, 2018 and 2024 elections into a sham, with the Awami League winning landslides against a landscape of repression. To occupy the secular nationalist void left by the Awami League – which itself has now been banned, while Hasina is in exile in India – the BNP needs to sever ties with an Islamist party whose historical baggage could hinder its attempt to appeal to an audience seeking pluralistic politics. For months, both parties have drifted apart over core questions: Whether broader reforms must precede elections, how to restructure the Constitution, and what political model should define the post-Hasina era. The youth-led uprising of 2024, the collapse of one-party authoritarianism, and the civic awakening of urban middle-class voters have all produced a renewed demand for democratic governance and political moderation. By denouncing the Jamaat’s role in 1971, the party is challenging the ideological monopoly the Awami League exercised for half a century – trying to appeal to younger citizens who view 1971 through narratives of democracy and human rights rather than loyalty to any one party. The party is no longer positioning itself as a centre-right force competing with the Awami League; it is attempting to transform into a broad democratic platform that absorbs former Awami League voters, urban liberals, minority communities, and politically awakened youth, all searching for a new political home. Whether this shift succeeds will depend on how consistently the BNP maintains this new ideological line and whether the public believes that the party’s rupture with Jamaat is a principled decision rather than electoral choreography. If the transformation holds, it may become the most consequential realignment in the country’s politics since the early 1990s – an ideological inversion in which the former centre-right party becomes the primary custodian of liberal democratic politics in a post-Hasina Bangladesh.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/american-football/articles/cqlkzk49774o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Reports from the US indicate it is the first time since records of this nature began in 1978 that a player has turned the ball over twice on the same play. It was a chastening game for Hurts who threw a career-high four interceptions at the SoFi Stadium in California, the final one coming when Tony Jefferson picked off a pass at the one-yard line to end the game in overtime. Cameron Dicker had earlier kicked what turned out to be the game-winning 54-yard field goal in the extra period - matching his career-high five field goals in a single game - as the Chargers won 22-19.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/imf-approves-12-billion-pakistan-bailout-citing-progress-128231956
Article: The International Monetary Fund says it has approved the release of $1.2 billion to Pakistan, giving the cash-strapped country a fresh boost as it works to recover from one of its worst economic crises in years ISLAMABAD -- The International Monetary Fund on Tuesday approved the release of $1.2 billion to Pakistan, giving the cash-strapped country a fresh boost as it works to recover from one of its worst economic crises in years. The IMF in a statement said its executive board completed two reviews of Pakistan’s economic programs, clearing about $1 billion under its main loan facility and another $200 million from a separate climate-focused program. He praised the government’s commitment to meeting next year’s budget targets while responding to flood damage, and urged Islamabad to keep monetary policy tight, allow the exchange rate to move freely and push ahead with long-delayed energy reforms.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/tracking-retirement-announcements-members-congress-128226741
Article: House, tracking the GOP members set to leave the chamber — some of whom have been among President Donald Trump's top Capitol Hill champions — can provide a window into what work the party has ahead of it in angling to maintain control. 5, 2025 Reason: Retiring Doggett, who has represented an Austin-based district for more than three decades, said that he would be departing the House after the end of his current term, citing the U.S. In 2024, Doggett was the first sitting lawmaker in the party to publicly call for President Joe Biden to step down as the party’s nominee for president, citing Biden’s debate performance against Trump failing to “effectively defend his many accomplishments.” Date of announcement: Nov. 21, 2025 Reason: Resigning Greene’s transformation from Trump loyalist to one of his harshest critics culminated in her surprise announcement that she would end her congressional career in January 2026. Greene’s resignation followed a public falling-out with Trump in recent months, as the congresswoman criticized him for his stance on files related to Jeffrey Epstein, along with foreign policy and health care. House delegation (and only by a technicality; fellow retiring representative Jerry Nadler was also first elected in 1992 but took his seat a few months early due to his predecessor’s death). Arrington, a fiscal hawk, is the chair of the House Budget Committee and played a key role in passing Trump’s One Big Beautiful Bill Act, a large-scale tax and spending bill. House, Watson Coleman has served the district around the state capital of Trenton and the tony college town of Princeton sine 2014, after spending almost two decades representing part of the region in the state legislature. 6, 2025 Reason: Running for governor Garcia turned in nominating petitions for the 2026 primary in October but confirmed right when the filing period ended that he would not seek a seventh term in his western Chicago seat. Pelosi represented San Francisco but made her mark on the national stage, ushering through impactful legislation like the Affordable Care Act and keeping an unruly Democratic caucus in line throughout the Obama, Trump and Biden administrations. Golden, first elected in 2018, is one of the most moderate Democrats in Congress and has shown his willingness to break with his party on issues ranging from impeaching Trump to reopening the government during this fall’s shutdown. Hunt’s runs deep: He was the first Republican to endorse him after the former president’s 2022 comeback campaign announcement, and he gave a prime-time speech on opening night of the 2024 Republican National Convention in Milwaukee. Still, according to his campaign consultant, he hopped into a Republican field against the White House’s wishes that already included two Trump-backed candidates, housing developer Karrin Taylor Robson and House Freedom Caucus member U.S. A former anti-terrorism prosecutor and past chairman of the House Homeland Security and Foreign Affairs committees, McCaul, is part of an older generation of foreign policy hawks who’ve tried to counter a younger crop of Republicans who are more skeptical about U.S. Luttrell cited a desire to spend more time in Texas, describing this summer’s deadly Central Texas flooding as a “moment of clarity.” His current district’s boundary lines will change slightly due to mid cycle redistricting but remains heavily Republican. Ernst’s surprise retirement came after she drew heavy criticism for her hesitation on one of Trump’s cabinet picks; in a radio interview that served as her official campaign announcement, Hinson said she was running to be “President Trump’s top ally in the United States Senate.” Hinson flipped her district in 2020 and won her relatively split district by larger margins in 2022 and 2024. House, and years of challenging party leadership as a prominent member of the House Freedom Caucus, Roy announced he would run to succeed Attorney General Ken Paxton, who is running for Senate next year. While he’s known as a fiscal conservative, his relationship with Trump has been complicated at times as one of the few Republicans who initially pushed back against Trump’s claims that the 2020 election was stolen. House, and a member of the House Freedom Caucus, Norman has nevertheless had a strained relationship with Trump over the years as he endorsed longtime colleague and primary opponent Nikki Haley in 2024. Johnson has a largely conservative voting record, but has sometimes joined a minority of Republicans in voting against Trump, including when he voted to override Trump’s veto of a measure that revoked his declaration of an emergency at the southern border. Date of announcement: June 30, 2025 Reason: Retiring Forced to navigate an ever-thinning line between staying in his party’s and Trump’s good graces without alienating his increasingly Democratic district, Bacon has said he is proud of his bipartisan approach in the face of bitter partisanship in Washington. First elected in 2016, Bacon has said he believes Republicans will have a good shot at keeping the seat in 2026, because he believes Democrats in the race so far appeal mainly to the hard left. More circumspect when Trump first entered the White House in 2017, Carter has grown to cast himself as a “MAGA Warrior,” supporting Trump's false claims that he had won the 2020 presidential election and now among those vying for his endorsement in the Senate primary. Date of announcement: May 6, 2025 Reason: Running for Senate Kelly, among the Illinois Democrats vacating other offices to seek Durbin's Senate seat, was first elected to the House in a 2013 special election. While her territory was once considered a swing district, it has trended Democratic in recent years — running as a centrist, she won reelection by a 13-point margin in 2024 — and could conceivably become competitive again with her out. Date of announcement: April 22, 2025 Reason: Running for Senate Stevens sailed to victory in her last election representing Michigan's Oakland County, a key voting block in the battleground state. After flipping what had been a reliably Republican seat in 2018 and narrowly defeating her 2020 opponent in 2020, she cruised to reelection in 2022 and 2024 after her district was redrawn and became more favorable to Democrats. Date of announcement: April 22, 2025 Reason: Running for Senate Defeating a Democratic incumbent in 2012, Barr has — in all but one contest — been reelected by wide margins ever since. Democrats have signaled that they plan to target Barr’s seat among others in trying to win back the House next year, drawing derision from Republicans, who say the Lexington-area district is more GOP-friendly following the last round of redistricting. Date of announcement: April 7, 2025 Reason: Running for governor James' April 2025 announcement — just months into his second term — that he's running to replace term-limited Michigan Gov. Making history in 2018 by becoming New Hampshire's first openly gay member of Congress, Pappas in 2022 defeated GOP opponent Karoline Leavitt, who is now Trump's White House press secretary. Date of announcement: March 20, 2025 Reason: Running for governor Rose, who announced his bid for governor in March 2025, has voiced strong support for Trump in a state he's easily won in the past three presidential elections. A frequent surrogate for the president, Donalds was also on a short list of people considered to be Trump’s vice presidential running mate last year and had Trump's backing immediately upon announcing his gubernatorial bid in February 2025. First elected to the House in 2016, the former chair of the hard-right Freedom Caucus supported Trump's false claims about the 2020 presidential election being stolen, and he was among the Republicans who helped oust Kevin McCarthy as speaker in 2023. 28, 2024 Reason: Running for governor Sherrill announced the impending end of her House career less than a month after winning her fourth term in November 2024, subsequently launching her bid for governor.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/list-largest-clergy-abuse-settlements-reached-catholic-organizations-128225500
Article: The New Orleans Archdiocese will pay at least $230 million to hundreds of survivors of clergy sexual abuse under a settlement approved by a federal judge on Monday A list of the largest clergy abuse settlements reached by Catholic organizations in the US FILE - This Dec. (AP Photo/Gerald Herbert, File) The New Orleans Archdiocese will pay at least $230 million to hundreds of survivors of clergy sexual abuse under a settlement approved by a federal judge on Monday. The Oregon Province of the Society of Jesus, a Jesuit order, agreed in 2011 to pay $166 million to more than 450 Native Americans and Alaska Natives who were abused at the order's schools around the northwestern U.S. The scope of the sex abuse crisis in Boston set off reports around the United States and the world of widespread abuse by priests, and of efforts by the church to hide it. The diocese filed for bankruptcy in 2023 after more than 300 child sex abuse lawsuits were filed after a new state law temporarily extended the statute of limitations for child sex abuse litigation.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/supreme-court-declines-hear-texas-book-ban-appeal-128225787
Article: The case stemmed from a 2022 lawsuit by a group of residents in rural Llano County over the removal from the public library of more than a dozen books dealing with sex, race and gender themes, as well as humorously touching on topics such as flatulence. “Leaving the Fifth Circuit’s ruling in place erodes the most elemental principles of free speech and allows state and local governments to exert ideological control over the people with impunity. Sam Helmick, president of the American Library Association, said the Supreme Court's decision not to consider the case "threatens to transform government libraries into centers for indoctrination instead of protecting them as centers of open inquiry, undermining the First Amendment right to read unfettered by viewpoint-based censorship.” The Texas case began when a group of residents asked the county library commission to remove the group of books from circulation. The book titles originally ordered removed included, “Caste: The Origins of Our Discontent” by Isabel Wilkerson; “They Called Themselves the K.K.K: The Birth of an American Terrorist Group,” by Susan Campbell Bartoletti; “In the Night Kitchen” by Maurice Sendak; “It’s Perfectly Normal: Changing Bodies, Growing Up, Sex and Sexual Health” by Robie H.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/video/newsfeed/2025/12/9/israel-launches-wave-of-air-strikes-in-south-lebanon?traffic_source=rss
Article: NewsFeed Israel launches wave of air strikes in south Lebanon Israel’s military has carried out a wave of air strikes in southern Lebanon, damaging several homes, according to Lebanese state media.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/9/attack-kills-six-pakistani-soldiers-raises-tension-with-afghanistan?traffic_source=rss
Article: An armed group stormed the checkpoint in the tribal district of Kurram in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province overnight on Monday-Tuesday, leading to a heavy exchange of fire, police and security sources said.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/thousands-californians-arizona-urged-stay-inside-unhealthy-air-pollution-epa-ozone-11178208
Article: The map reveals that fine particle (PM2.5) pollution is in the "unhealthy" range on the Air Quality Index (AQI) across a part of northeast California - encompassing Portola and the Plumas National Forest - as of 3 a.m.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/trump-approves-export-of-powerful-us-chips-to-china-what-to-know-11178097
Article: President Donald Trump says he has informed Chinese President Xi Jinping that his administration will greenlight NVIDIA's H200 artificial intelligence chip for export to China, a move that critics say will erode the U.S.'s edge in its tech rivalry with China. He stated that 25 percent of sales would "be paid to the United States of America." The H200 is more powerful than NVIDIA’s H20, a scaled-down chip made exclusively for export to China, which the Trump administration cleared for shipment in August.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/donald-trump-tariffs-supreme-court-ruling-11178256
Article: President Donald Trump warned that the Supreme Court ruling against him in a key case on his power to apply tariffs would be the "biggest threat in history to United States National Security". "We would be financially defenseless," Trump said in an early hours post on Truth Social, pointing to a report that the European Union is planning to apply new tariffs on China.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cdxw2ny2e27o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Ben & Jerry's brand could be destroyed, says co-founder 21 minutes ago Share Save Pritti Mistry Business reporter Share Save Getty Images Ben Cohen and Jerry Greenfield (behind) handing out free ice cream to encourage people to vote in Philadelphia Ben & Jerry's will be destroyed as a brand if it remains with parent company Magnum, the company's co-founder Ben Cohen has told the BBC. Ben & Jerry's was sold to Unilever in 2000 in a deal which allowed it to retain an independent board and the right to make decisions about its social mission. In 2021, Ben & Jerry's refused to sell its products in areas occupied by Israel, resulting in its Israeli operation being sold by Unilever to a local licensee, and in October, Ben Cohen said it was prevented from launching an ice cream which expressed "solidarity with Palestine". Last month, ahead of its spin off from Unilever, Magnum said the chair of Ben & Jerry's board Anuradha Mittal, who has held the position since 2018, "no longer meets the criteria to serve" - saying this was the result of an internal audit. Mr Cohen called for either the business to be "owned by a group of investors that support the brand and want to encourage the values" or for Magnum to make a "180 degree turn around and say they support the chairman of the independent board". Ben Cohen Ben Cohen said Magnum was "not fit to own Ben & Jerry's" 'Another piece of frozen mush' Ben Cohen remains an employee of Ben & Jerry's and the brand's most high-profile spokesperson. On Sunday, Magnum's chief executive Peter ter Kulve told the Financial Times the Ben & Jerry's founders were in their seventies and "at a certain moment they need to hand over to a new generation". Jerry Greenfield, Mr Cohen's co-founder, left the ice cream maker in September after almost half a century at the firm - citing concerns about the stifling of its social mission.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c208vjdg8e4o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Bishop accused of bullying faces fresh misconduct claims 2 hours ago Share Save Steve Swann BBC File on 4 Investigates Share Save Newsline Media Bishop Anne Dyer was the first female bishop in the Scottish Episcopal Church An Anglican bishop accused of bullying is facing new complaints of alleged misconduct, a BBC investigation has found. One involves Isaac Poobalan, rector of St Andrew's Cathedral in Aberdeen, who said he felt like "a dead man walking" because he believes Bishop Dyer tried to drive him out. Isaac Poobalan says he suffers nightmares and claims Bishop Dyer tried to "drive him out" He was called to a meeting at which he said the bishop adopted a "loud, hostile" tone. In a statement, a lawyer for Bishop Dyer said: "It is unfortunate that a small number of individuals within the diocese continue to engage in a campaign against Bishop Anne and others who support her. The further complaints are frivolous, vexatious and are totally without merit." Bullying complaint When Bishop Dyer was consecrated in March 2018, Jen Bressers was in her final year of training to be a priest. One was a trainee priest who alleged Bishop Dyer had said she was unsuitable for ministry because she was mentally unstable, and the other was a disabled staff member who claimed she was bullied and made redundant, leaving her suicidal. Jen Bressers Jen Bressers claimed to have been bullied while she was training to be a priest The Scottish Episcopal Church said the complaints were the "most heavily investigated" in its history. and together we're excited about being able to start looking forward." 'A David and Goliath story' But some raised concerns about the procurator's decision and the church's subsequent handling of things, and said they were now being punished. He wrote to the SEC's college of bishops, saying: "Anne Dyer I'm sure will always have a cloud over her unless it's decided one way or another whether she behaved properly or improperly." When Mr Ferguson-Smyth did not receive a response, he wrote to 400 churches across Scotland.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/09/google-hit-with-eu-antitrust-probe-over-use-of-online-content-for-ai.html
Article: Google was on Tuesday hit with an EU antitrust investigation over its use of online content for AI purposes, marking the latest in a series of crackdowns from the bloc on regulating U.S. The European Commission said it was investigating whether Google had breached EU competition rules by using the content of web publishers, as well as content uploaded on the online video-sharing platform YouTube, for AI purposes. The probe will examine whether Google is distorting competition by imposing unfair terms and conditions on publishers and content creators, or by granting itself privileged access to that content and placing developers of rival AI models at a disadvantage, the Commission said. "AI is bringing remarkable innovation and many benefits for people and businesses across Europe, but this progress cannot come at the expense of the principles at the heart of our societies," said the bloc's commissioner for competition Teresa Ribera. "This is why we are investigating whether Google may have imposed unfair terms and conditions on publishers and content creators, while placing rival AI models developers at a disadvantage, in breach of EU competition rules." The Commission said it would investigate to what extent the generation of AI Overviews and AI Mode by Google is based on web publishers' content without appropriate compensation and without the possibility for publishers to refuse without losing access to Google Search. The Commission hit Elon Musk's social media app X with a 120-million-euro ($140 million) fine on Friday for breaching transparency obligations around its advertising repository and "the deceptive design of its 'blue checkmark.'" Musk called for the European Union to be abolished in response, with key Republican officials also criticizing the decision. Last week the EU also announced it had opened an antitrust investigation into Meta over its new policy on allowing AI providers' access to WhatsApp, which it said may breach the bloc's competition rules.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/video/newsfeed/2025/12/9/al-jazeera-reports-from-aceh-tamiang-as-flood-survivors-face-new-dangers?traffic_source=rss
Article: Al Jazeera reports from Aceh Tamiang as flood survivors face new dangers NewsFeed Al Jazeera reports from Aceh Tamiang as flood survivors face new dangers Al Jazeera’s Jessica Washington reports from Indonesia’s Aceh Tamiang, one of the areas worst hit by the deadly floods.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/9/death-roll-rises-as-renewed-hostilities-flare-along-thai-cambodia-border?traffic_source=rss
Article: Thailand and Cambodia have traded blame for renewed clashes along their disputed border and pledged to continue the fighting, as the death toll climbs in the latest outbreak of hostilities between the neighbours. Cambodia’s Ministry of National Defence said on Tuesday nine civilians had been killed and 20 injured since Monday, while the Thai military said two more deaths meant that three soldiers had been killed and 29 wounded on its side since clashes resumed. Renewed fighting broke out on Sunday night in a skirmish in which one Thai soldier was killed, forcing tens of thousands of people from their homes and shattering an uneasy peace that had held since five days of clashes in July. That bout of fighting, involving the exchange of rockets and heavy artillery fire and fuelled by competing territorial claims along their border, resulted in at least 48 deaths on both sides and the temporary evacuation of more than 300,000 civilians before a ceasefire was brokered by Malaysian Prime Minister Anwar Ibrahim and United States President Donald Trump. Cambodia ‘forced to fight’ Cambodia’s powerful Senate President Hun Sen claimed in a statement on social media on Tuesday that the military had been refraining from firing at Thai forces the previous day, but had begun shooting back overnight. Thailand’s army said Cambodian forces had fired artillery at a village in eastern Sa Kaeo province early on Tuesday, although no casualties were reported, and that Cambodia attacked Thai positions with rockets and drones. ‘No space for diplomacy’ In a statement on Tuesday morning, the Thai navy said it was taking action to expel Cambodian forces from its territory in the coastal province of Trat. The navy said Cambodian forces there were increasing their presence, deploying snipers and heavy weapons, developing fortified positions and digging trenches, in what it viewed “as a direct and serious threat to Thailand’s sovereignty”, prompting the launch of operations to expel them. “I’m sorry to say that right now we don’t have that space.” Although the ongoing hostilities and military operations are bringing losses to both sides, Phuangketkeow added that “we want the Cambodian side to show that they’re ready to stop what they’re doing – and then, of course, we can consider the prospect for diplomacy and negotiations”. For more than a century, Thailand and Cambodia have contested sovereignty at points along their 817km (508-mile) border, first mapped in 1907 by France when it ruled Cambodia as a colony. A 2013 ruling by the International Court of Justice (ICJ) upheld a 1962 judgement by the same body awarding part of the land around Preah Vihear temple, a UNESCO World Heritage Site, to Cambodia and instructing Thailand to withdraw its personnel stationed in the area.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/9/record-numbers-of-ukrainians-desert-army-amid-losses-to-russia?traffic_source=rss
Article: Kyiv, Ukraine – Tymofey’s palms and fingers are still dotted with lilac, half-healed scars left by the razor-sharp barbed wire on the walls around the military training centre he busted out from six months ago. They don’t care that I won’t survive the very first attack,” Tymofey said, referring to the drill sergeants who were training him in April after police rounded him up in central Kyiv. He claimed he has not been officially charged with desertion or going AWOL (absent without leave), charges that can be seen in the online and publicly-accessible registry of pretrial investigations. A serviceman can be accused of deserting 24 hours after leaving his military unit, and can face between five and 12 years in jail, according to wartime regulations, while going AWOL is punishable by up to 10 years in jail. “They think that from the legal standpoint, it’s easier to go to jail than to the front line.” Romanenko has long been advocating for the introduction of stricter wartime laws and harsher punishment for deserters and corrupt officials, who he believes should be sent to the front line instead of jail. “There’s more understanding towards them,” a psychologist at a military unit in southern Ukraine told Al Jazeera on condition of anonymity, because he is not authorised to talk to the media. So, a deserter’s nightmare is the “conscription patrols” that comprise military and police officers who comb public places asking men of fighting age to show IDs and “soldier’s tickets”, QR-coded documents about their conscription status. His second escape was an easier, fast-forwarded version of the first one, because “the training centre was in Kyiv and the fence was lower”, he said, showing his scarred palms. “They shouldn’t be allowed to vote or receive pension,” suggested Yevhen Galasiyk, who lost his right eye near the eastern town of Bakhmut in 2023, and still suffers from severe headaches.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/video/quotable/2025/12/9/syrian-people-will-not-settle-before-justice-is-served?traffic_source=rss
Article: “There is low intensity crimes of vengeance because people know their tormentors.” Gamal Mansour, researcher at the University of Toronto, explains why the promise of transitional justice in Syria a year after the fall of Bashar al-Assad is an important one.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/9/israels-ex-pm-ehud-barak-and-jeffrey-epstein-had-close-relationship-emails-reveal?traffic_source=rss
Article: An Israeli drone company, malaria testing technology, and the proposed sale of an American billionaire’s oil and gas empire are among the many previously unknown business ventures that former Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Barak discussed with the late sex offender and financier Jeffrey Epstein, leaked emails reveal. While Barak has previously acknowledged having a business relationship with Epstein via the Israeli emergency services startup Reporty, the communications suggest that the politician coordinated with the disgraced financier on several previously unknown business proposals, relying heavily on his advice and connections. Barak, who led Israel from 1999 to 2001 and served as the country’s defence minister from 2007 to March 2013, also sought Epstein’s input on drafts of newspaper op-eds and used an apartment in New York City arranged by the financier to write his autobiography. Like many powerful figures in Epstein’s orbit, Barak, who said he first met the late financier in 2003, continued his association with Epstein for years after he became a convicted sex offender following a controversial plea deal in 2008. The emails, which span 2013 to 2016, were published in August by the whistleblower site Distributed Denial of Secrets after being stolen by the hacktivist group Handala, which the government of Canada has linked to Iran’s intelligence agencies. Just months after Barak ended his tenure as Israel’s defence chief in 2013, Epstein promised to make the politician hundreds of millions of dollars in an email flexing his skills as a financial adviser. To date you have not made a real proposal, and though I am happy to move forward I would need a firm serious offer to do so,” Epstein wrote to Barak in the email dated September 20, 2013. Among the projects that Barak appears to have sought Epstein’s advice on was a proposed investment in Israeli startup Light & Strong, which in 2014 was working on solar-powered, high-altitude, long endurance (HALE) drones in an initiative dubbed “Project Sun Spark”. “They would like me to join as Chairman and to consider invest up to $1M based on $13M pre money as part of a round that will raise $3.0M ($16M post money valuation),” Barak wrote to Epstein in October 2014 after he was approached by Amir. Epstein and his lawyer reviewed the company’s financial statements over a flurry of email exchanges with Barak over the next few weeks before Epstein issued a hard “no” on the investment. Barak’s emails indicate that he felt a personal affinity for Grynberg, who had shared his experience of surviving the Holocaust as a child before making a multibillion-dollar fortune in oil and gas. A judge later found that Grynberg, who died in 2021 aged 89, “suffered from insane delusions and failed to make rational decisions” in the waning years of his life as he tried to keep his fortune out of the hands of his family. Barak’s emails show that in October 2014, he approached China National Offshore Oil Corporation (CNOOC), the Israeli-Russian billionaire Viktor Vekselberg, and Hong Kong entrepreneur Joachim Chao, who was representing a “consortium of Chinese private companies”. In early November, Barak informed Grynberg he could no longer help with the sale, but by the middle of the month, negotiations with Chao were back on, according to the emails. Those meetings included a September 2013 encounter between Barak and Boris Nikolic, a biotech venture capitalist and then-chief adviser for science and technology at the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation. The list included then-president of the Maldives Abdulla Yameen; former French President Nicolas Sarkozy; outgoing New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg; former Harvard President Larry Summers; billionaire tech entrepreneur Peter Thiel; public intellectual Noam Chomsky; and film director Woody Allen. Epstein and Barak both hoped to convince Putin to abandon his support for Syrian President Bashar al-Assad and help bring an end to the Syrian civil war, according to an investigation by Drop Site News that reviewed the same trove of emails. De Rothschild had previously told Epstein that Barak would need to “build a relationship” with her if he wanted “to make serious money”, according to Epstein’s account of the conversation. At the time of Epstein’s arrest in July 2019, Barak was seeking to challenge Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu in upcoming elections under the banner of the newly formed Democratic Union, an alliance of left-leaning parties. That September, Barak failed to win a seat in the Knesset – Israel’s legislature – when his alliance underperformed in the polls amid renewed scrutiny of his ties to Epstein.

Link: https://www.latimes.com/california/story/2025-12-09/ice-raids-translate-to-bullying-missing-class-academic-struggles
Article: High school principals across California and nationwide say raids by Immigration, Customs and Enforcement have provoked a “climate of distress” among immigrant students who have been bullied on campus and whose attendance has dropped, according to a study released Tuesday. Seventy percent of public high school principals surveyed said students from immigrant families expressed fears for themselves or their families because of ICE crackdowns or political rhetoric related to immigrants, according to the report by researchers at UCLA and UC Riverside. John Rogers, a UCLA education professor who co-authored the report, said it was “striking” that principals “across every region in the country spoke of fear and concern in their school communities related to immigration enforcement.” The researchers surveyed 606 public high school principals from May to August to understand how schools have been affected by Trump’s immigration enforcement. There’s also been a decline in K-12 enrollment that appears to number in at least the tens of thousands, affecting cities including Los Angeles, San Diego and Miami, based on figures provided by school district officials. The vast majority of principals surveyed, nearly 78%, said their campuses created plans to respond to visits from federal agents and nearly half have a contingency plan for when a student’s parents are deported. school board member Karla Griego reported that a parent was taken into custody on his way to a school meeting about an updated education plan to manage his child’s disabilities. “A lot of our kids are afraid to come to school.” As ICE raids escalated last summer, the charter school ramped up supervision, posting staff members around bus and train stations to watch students arrive and leave. “But we’re also worrying about our own families … It does add a very intense layer of stress.” Earlier this year the Department of Homeland Security issued a statement saying ICE does not “raid or target schools.” However, the Trump administration in January rescinded long-standing protections for “sensitive” locations that since 2011 had prevented ICE from arresting people in schools and churches. Advertisement A double duty to protect and teach In addition to the survey, the researchers conducted 49 follow-up Zoom interviews with principals chosen to reflect a diverse mix of schools. One California principal, whose school is located in a predominantly immigrant neighborhood, told researchers her school’s sense of safety evaporated in the spring when news of nearby ICE raids broke during an assembly. This account was an echo of the unease that spread through a spring graduation ceremony at Huntington Park High School when an ICE raid began at the adjacent Home Depot. Maria Nichols, president of Associated Administrators of Los Angeles and a former LAUSD principal, praised the district for taking quick action to provide school leaders with protocols to follow in case of a raid. “They’re dealing with a crisis right now and it is a very, very difficult and heavy toll at a time where we have less human capital at schools.” Advertisement School leaders across the country echoed the sentiments of the California principal.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/WNT/video/made-america-david-muir-oprahs-favorite-things-rubirosa-128225972
Article: Made in America: David Muir tries one of Oprah's Favorite Things at Rubirosa in NYC David Muir stops by Rubirosa's in New York City's Nolita neighborhood for a behind the scenes look at the America-made products.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/video-shows-weapons-test-ghost-bat-wingman-combat-drone-11178098
Article: The MQ‑28A Ghost Bat combat drone successfully fired an AIM‑120 air-to-air missile in a live-fire test, as Australia signed a multimillion-dollar contract with Boeing Defence Australia for six drones—a milestone that underscores a major step forward in autonomous combat aviation. What To Know The mission was part of a "crewed-uncrewed teaming" exercise, pairing the Ghost Bat with a manned E‑7A Wedgetail early warning aircraft and an F/A‑18 fighter to destroy a fighter-class target drone, the company said on Tuesday. Similar capabilities were recently demonstrated by Turkey’s Bayraktar Kizilelma, which became the first drone in the world to strike a jet from long range in a successful test over the Black Sea last week. However, the MQ‑28 differs in purpose: It is designed primarily as a "loyal wingman" to augment manned fighters with sensors, weapons and situational awareness, whereas Kizilelma emphasizes autonomous offensive combat as a stand-alone platform. What People Are Saying Amy List, the managing director of Boeing Defence Australia, said in a news release on Tuesday: "This is the first time an autonomous aircraft has completed an air-to-air weapon engagement with an AIM-120 missile, establishing the MQ-28 as a mature combat capable CCA." Colin Miller, the vice president at Boeing Phantom Works, said: "This exercise demonstrates the maturity and sophistication of Boeing's mission autonomy solution, which is built on open standards and government architectures and is capable of integrating with fourth-, fifth- and sixth-generation aircraft." What Happens Next Boeing Defence Australia plans to integrate the Ghost Bat into broader Royal Australian Air Force operations, with production underway at its Toowoomba facility.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/us-busts-network-smuggling-nvidia-chips-h100-h200-china-11178109
Article: authorities have broken up a network that smuggled millions of dollars worth of advanced artificial intelligence (AI) computer chips to China and have detained two Chinese natives linked to the operation, the Department of Justice (DOJ) has said. What To Know The DOJ said Operation Gatekeeper had disrupted a trafficking network and resulted in the seizure of more than $50 million in advanced graphic processing units (GPUs) destined for China and other restricted locations. The documents showed that between October 2024 and May 2025, Hsu and others knowingly exported and attempted to export at least $160-million-worth of export-controlled Nvidia H100 and H200 Tensor Core GPUs. Hsu and Hao Global also received more than $50 million in wire transfers from China to help fund the scheme and the GPUs were shipped to China, Hong Kong and other places in violation of U.S. Charged in connection with the smuggling network are two Chinese natives—Fanyue Gong, 43, a Chinese citizen living in New York, and Benlin Yuan, 58, a Canadian citizen—who the DOJ said independently conspired with employees of a Hong Kong-based logistics company and a China-based AI technology company to circumvent U.S. Yuan took part in the deception and, among other things, allegedly helping to recruit and organize people to inspect the mislabeled GPUs on behalf of the Hong Kong logistics company and allegedly agreeing to direct inspectors not to say the goods were destined for China, the DOJ said, citing court documents. Eisenberg said: “The United States has long emphasized the importance of innovation and is responsible for an incredible amount of cutting-edge technology, such as the advanced computer chips that make modern AI possible. This advantage isn’t free, but rather the result of our engineers’ and scientists’ hard work and sacrifice.” President Donald Trump said on his Truth Social page in announcing that Nvidia can sell its H200 chips to approved customers in China: "We will protect National Security, create American Jobs, and keep America's lead in AI." What Happens Next Hsu faces up to 10 years in prison at sentencing on February 18.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/nato-emergency-lithuania-belarus-balloons-russia-11178571
Article: “It’s clear that this emergency is being declared not only because of disruptions to civil aviation, but also due to national security concerns and the need for closer coordination among institutions,” Interior Minister Vladislav Kondratovič said during a cabinet meeting, Lithuania's LRT reported.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/southern-uprising-two-us-partners-collision-course-in-middle-east-11176102
Article: The sudden seizure of key positions across southern Yemen by the Southern Transitional Council (STC), a close ally of the United Arab Emirates, has drawn new international attention to the largely frozen front lines of an 11-year civil war where foreign influence has long been dominated by Saudi Arabia and Iran. While the STC has been predominantly aligned with Yemen's Saudi-backed and internationally recognized government in their fight against the Iran-supported Ansar Allah, also known as the Houthi movement, the sweeping offensive launched last week and continuing through Monday took place throughout nominally government-held territory, including the oil-rich province of Hadramawt and neighboring Mahra. And with the Yemeni government's influence already limited to the south due to Ansar Allah's early northern victories that included the storming of the capital Sanaa more than a decade ago, the STC's presence in the presidential palace in the southern de facto capital of Aden now puts the group at the forefront of the conflict and regional faultlines. But the shift, while seismic for the future of Yemen, came as little surprise to those closely following the nature of the conflict in which the STC's presence has steadily eclipsed the waning control of the government and a schism between Saudi Arabia and the UAE, two of the most influential powers in the region and closest partners to the United States, has grown. "The STC’s most powerful force, the Southern Giants Brigades, has achieved significant battlefield success, and with Saudi–UAE tensions widening, the STC has pushed to consolidate control across southern governorates," Mohammed al-Basha, founder of the Basha Report, a Virgina-based risk advisory firm focused on the Middle East and North Africa region, told Newsweek. "Whatever occurred this week was long anticipated," Basha said, "as any visitor to the temporary internationally recognized government capital in Aden would note that symbols of the Republic of Yemen have largely vanished, reflecting the STC’s growing dominance on the ground." ... The South Rises Again All across southern Yemen, and even in meetings held in recent days by Southern Giants Brigade commander Abd al-Rahman al-Mahrami, also known as Abu Zaraa, in the office of Presidential Leadership Council Chair and internationally recognized head of state Rashad al-Alimi, the flags and symbols of the national government appear to have disappeared, in many cases replaced with the STC's official logo that matches the former independent state of South Yemen. From an uprising against British colonialism in 1967 until unification in 1990, the People's Democratic Republic of Yemen existed as a separate nation and the Arab world's only communist state. Today, the STC espouses little in the way of Marxist-Leninist ideology but continues to promote a narrative of southern independence, one that has manifested amid its recent consolidation of power in the form of mass rallies among supporters. The STC's separatist goals have long been a point of fissure, even as it fought alongside Yemeni government troops against Ansar Allah, which are primarily comprised of Yemen's Zaidi Shiite community that ruled the nation for nearly 1,000 years until a 1962 revolution, as well as an array of Sunni Islamist militant groups, including affiliates of Al-Qaeda and the Islamic State (ISIS). "The Saudi-backed internationally recognized government of Yemen and the UAE-backed Southern Transitional Council are united mainly by shared security threats from Houthi attacks and terrorist activity in southern Yemen, but they remain fundamentally different in vision and structure," Basha said. "The internationally recognized government seeks a unified Yemeni state, while the STC has steadily built the foundations of an independent southern state since 2017 through its own governing bodies and military, security, and intelligence institutions." "The STC has long demanded the removal of the 1st Military Region Command from Sayoun and the Wadi and Desert districts of Hadramawt because it views these northern units as remnants of the 1994 occupying forces and wants them redeployed to fight the Houthis in Marib," he added. "Rivalry over territory, influence, appointments, and revenue has produced recurring clashes, including major confrontations in 2017, 2018, 2019, and most recently in Hadramawt in 2025." The tug of war has also played out at the highest levels of Yemeni governance. Under a power-sharing agreement reached in 2022, southern factions were given influential representation under Yemen's newly formed Presidential Leadership Council, with Mahrami, STC Chair Aidarus al-Zoubaidi and Vice Chair Faraj al-Bahsani bestowed vice presidential seats in the eight-person executive body led by Alimi. The other are held by Tareq Saleh, who is the National Resistance military coalition leader and nephew to late longtime President Ali Abdullah Saleh, and influential tribal leader Othman Hussein Megali, who hails from the Houthi homeland of Saada and is fiercely opposed to the group. Basha argued that the government's alignment with the Al-Islah Party, officially known as the Yemeni Congregation for Reform, has proven problematic for the STC, which he said has a different outlook on who should lead operations against Ansar Allah. "Although both oppose the Houthis, they differ sharply on political goals and security structures," Basha said, "and the STC rejects supporting northern forces aligned with the Islah Party, preferring that its UAE-backed ally Tariq Saleh lead operations in the north." ... Friends and Foes In fact, the STC has framed its operations in the south not as a challenge to the government but rather as an effort to uproot the influence of military units loyal to the Al-Islah Party, which emerged out of a Muslim Brotherhood coalition to rival leftist forces during the Cold War that fueled several wars, crises and conflicts in Yemen. "What has transpired in recent days is that a vast strategic area—the Hadramawt Valley and Desert, and Al-Mahra Governorate—was controlled by military formations affiliated with the Muslim Brotherhood," STC spokesperson Anwar al-Tamimi told Newsweek. "These formations had managed, over the years, to present themselves as part of the legitimate Yemeni forces," he said, "but it is widely known that they are merely the military wing of the Yemeni Congregation for Reform (Al-Islah Party), the Yemeni branch of the Muslim Brotherhood." The STC's feud with Al-Islah is rooted beyond its Muslim Brotherhood leanings, however. Tamimi accused its allied factions in the south of Yemen of allowing these territories to become "a conduit for weapons to the Houthis, thus contributing to their strength and prolonging the war." "The smuggling was not limited to the Houthis; the area also became a conduit for weapons to other terrorist groups operating in other countries, such as the Somali al-Shabaab movement," Tamimi said. "Furthermore, it became a safe haven for drug traffickers and international smuggling gangs." "Faced with this abnormal situation, the Southern Forces moved to address and secure the deteriorating conditions, and to organize the military situation in preparation for confronting the Houthis, who were preparing to attempt to storm these areas," he added, noting this situation pertained specifically to operations conducted in the provinces of Hadramawt and Shabwah. As for Aden, he said that the STC had been present in the crucial port city since the defeat of Ansar Allah there in the early stages of the civil war in 2015. And while Aden has also hosted clashes between the STC and government forces in past years, notably the 2018 battle that resulted in the southern factions gaining control of much of the city, Tamimi asserted that the more recent withdrawal of the government's "symbolic" Presidential Guard did not come at the orders of the STC, but rather Alimi himself. Reached for comment, a UAE official shared with Newsweek a statement in which the country declared that its “unwavering position on the Yemen crisis is in line with Saudi Arabia,” and that it supports international efforts to resume a political process in the country. In a statement issued by his office following a meeting with ambassadors in the Saudi capital of Riyadh on Monday, Alimi condemned what he called the "unilateral steps taken by the Southern Transitional Council," arguing they "violate the frameworks guiding the transitional phase, undermine unified security and military decision-making, weaken the legitimate government’s authority, and threaten overall stability and the political process." Alimi also "called on the international community to reject any challenge to the government’s exclusive authorities, to press for the withdrawal of forces deployed from outside Hadramawt and Al-Mahra," and expressed gratitude to Saudi Arabia role in facilitating de-escalation in Hadramawt, including efforts to protect oil facilities and prevent escalation." ... A Clash of Titans While traditional partners Abu Dhabi and Riyadh continue to work together on a number of bilateral and regional initiatives, some analysts view the latest episode in Yemen as part of a broader rift emerging between the two top Gulf Cooperation Council powers that extends to North Africa as well. Adel Dashela, fellow at Middle East Studies Association Global Academy in North Carolina, told Newsweek that "the regional situation is witnessing intense competition between Saudi Arabia and the UAE, which has been clearly manifested in their positions on the Sudanese crisis: Saudi Arabia stands with the Sudanese government represented by the Transitional Council led by Abdel Fattah al-Burhan, while the UAE stands with the Rapid Support Forces, providing them with financial and military support and even bringing in mercenaries from other countries." Similar reports have arisen regarding the UAE's alleged support for Libyan National Army chief Field Marshall Khalifa Haftar, who effectively leads a rival administration against that country's Tripoli-based internationally recognized government. In both cases, UAE officials have rejected any direct military aid to non-state actors, though Abu Dhabi has openly embraced its partnership with the STC given its formal integration into the government. Still, Dashela felt a Saudi-UAE rivalry has "negatively impacted the Yemeni issue, as the UAE has supported the Southern Transitional Council to militarily seize control of the governorates of al-Mahra and Hadramawt, Yemen's largest governorates, which are theoretically supposed to be areas of Saudi influence." Noting Alimi's tough talk on the events, Dashela argued that "this rhetorical strength, appearing for the first time, indicates that the parties have reached a deadlock, at a time when the STC realizes it cannot declare secession because the international community is not prepared to recognize a unilateral step, and Saudi Arabia is not ready to bear the consequences of such a choice," one made all the more complicated by the United Nations' wartime pledge to respect Yemen's territorial integrity. Thus, he said the two regional powers were engaged in a battle of clout, with the head of Saudi Arabia's special committee on Yemen being dispatched to Hadramawt for the first time in a decade as part of an "attempt to regain the initiative in the east, while the STC has managed to extend its influence there with Emirati support as a kind of response to the Saudi position on Sudan, pushing the relationship between Riyadh and Abu Dhabi into a new phase of field tension." "At the same time, Saudi Arabia continues to insist on the necessity of the STC withdrawing its forces from Hadramawt and al-Mahra, and Saudi Arabia has also withdrawn some of its military formations from Aden," Dashela said, "while the STC decided to organize large-scale popular demonstrations as a clear reaction with Emirati direction, with the possibility of escalation or even attempting to declare secession—despite the significant risks involved." With these risks now mounting and the STC becoming increasingly powerful on the ground, he felt even a reconciliation agreement and UAE call for the influential southern force's withdrawal may not be enough to reverse these recent developments. And "the alternative scenario" in which Saudi Arabia effectively accepts the new status quo "would leave its allies in the legitimate government forced to fight their own battle." "Ultimately, the internationally recognized legitimate Yemeni government may fight the forces of the STC council and Houthis at the same time," Dashela said. A New Challenge for Trump Yemen has long proven a challenging frontier for competing foreign forces and Ansar Allah has emerged as one of the most frustrating factions for far more powerful foes. Rooted in a 1990s Zaidi Shiite revival movement founded by Hussein al-Houthi, who was killed in a 2004 clash with Yemeni security forces, the group—then led by his son, Abdul Malik—grabbed global headlines a decade later as it seized upon post-Arab Spring unrest that toppled Saleh's 34-year rule in 2012 to challenge his successor, then-President Abed Rabbo Mansour Hadi, ultimately ousting him from Sanaa in 2015. Saudi Arabia responded with force, with rising Prince Mohammed bin Salman—still yet to be named heir to the throne—assembling a coalition of allies, including the UAE and backed by the U.S., to stage an intervention that March in support of the embattled government forces. While the truce has largely held, also protecting Saudi Arabia and the UAE from unprecedented missile and drone strikes launched by Ansar Allah on their own territory, the group directed its vast arsenal widely suspected to be provided by Iran elsewhere two years later. As part of the Tehran-led Axis of Resistance coalition, Ansar Allah began a long-range campaign of strikes against Israel following the outbreak of the war in Gaza and began striking ships transiting the Red Sea to impose an effective blockade against its foe located roughly 1,000 miles away. operation would last less than two months of high intensity, however, before the White House announced it had reached a deal with Ansar Allah that would prevent maritime attacks, though the group continued to fire at Israel until an Israel-Hamas ceasefire reached under Trump's lead in October. strives to keep the Gaza truce together, "Yemen is not a priority for the Trump administration," said Thomas Juneau, associate fellow with the Chatham House's Middle East and North Africa Program and professor at the University of Ottawa’s Graduate School of Public and International Affairs. "To the extent that the Trump administration is concerned with Yemen, it very much looks at it from the perspective of an eventual resumption of Houthi strikes in the Red Sea or on Israel. Events in the south are simply not much of a priority." He argued this could change, however, as the situation threatens to escalate from a localized dispute to a broader feud between two of the U.S. And the risk of such an escalation is real, Juneau pointed out, given that the southern question in Yemen has already emerged in the open as "a very difficult issue between Saudi Arabia and the UAE," with the former now faced with another potential blow to its position just across the border and few paths toward reestablishing a united front against Ansar Allah. "It's not clear to me what Saudi Arabia could have done without, at least becoming bogged down again in the war in Yemen, which it absolutely wants to avoid." "At the very least, this has not been a good week for Saudi Arabia. This is further weakening the internationally recognized government, thereby de facto strengthening the Houthis." Without a clear path toward resolution, the issue could soon become yet another pressing file on the desk of a U.S. can punt down the road for now, but if or when the STC tries to seriously and formally move towards independence, then that will raise the issue of what is the American position on this.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/tina-peters-bid-freedom-fails-judge-rejects-bond-request-colorado-donald-trump-11178378
Article: A federal magistrate judge has rejected a bid by a former Colorado county clerk to be released from prison while she appeals her conviction of tampering with voting machines after the 2020 presidential election. At her 2024 sentencing, Judge Matthew Barrett described Peters as a "charlatan" who endangered the community by "spreading lies about voting." Peters' state appeal remains pending, and the federal court emphasized that any constitutional issues must first be resolved there.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/flags-half-staff-two-states-today-11178255
Article: The Stars and Stripes will fly at half-staff across two states in America today after a nationwide alert over the weekend to honor those killed in the Pearl Harbor bombings. Why It Matters Flags in the United States are lowered to half-staff as a traditional sign of mourning or respect, typically following the death of notable public figures, officials, or as part of a national day of remembrance. What To Know Today, the state flags of Ohio and Wyoming are flown at half-staff in honor of individuals recognized for their service and impact on their communities, reflecting the continued importance placed on public service and civic contribution in American life. Ohio On Tuesday, December 9, Governor Mike DeWine of Ohio ordered the United States and state flags at all public buildings and grounds in Madison and Clark counties, as well as Ohio Bureau of Criminal Investigation (BCI) facilities, to be flown at half-staff. This order honors Lieutenant James “Bryan” White of the Madison County Sheriff’s Office, who passed away after a career spanning the Clark County Sheriff’s Office and BCI, concluding with his work in the investigations division of the Madison County Sheriff’s Office. What People Are Saying On Lieutenant James “Bryan” White’s death, Sheriff John Swaney said: "It is with deep sadness that we share the passing of Bryan after a courageous battle with cancer. His legacy of service, integrity, and dedication will never be forgotten." On Judy Catchpole’s passing, Wyoming Governor Mark Gordon said: "Judy Catchpole devoted her life to Wyoming’s kids, and our state is better because of her steady leadership and wholehearted service. We will miss her deeply and hold Glenn and their family in our prayers." What Happens Next In Ohio, flags will be restored to full staff following the one-day observance on December 9, 2025.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/how-cambodia-thailand-armies-compare-as-conflict-reignites-11173924
Article: Thailand can draw on far greater military resources than Cambodia according to an assessment on the countries’ armed forces, after hostilities reignited along their disputed border months after President Donald Trump touted a ceasefire. Thailand launched airstrikes along the border on Monday less than two months after a Trump-brokered truce that both sides accused the other of breaching, leading to tens of thousands of people fleeing their homes. Thailand’s military is ranked the 25th biggest in the world, according to 2025 assessment by Global Firepower, far above Cambodia’s ranking of 95th, with the latter having less than half Thailand’s military personnel numbers. Meanwhile, the White House told Newsweek in a statement that Trump "was committed to the continued cessation of violence." What To Know Assessments of the two South East Asian nation's military capabilities, including their total personnel and budget, show that Thailand has a more advanced military than Cambodia’s, with advantages in air power, naval capabilities and defense spending. Cambodia has benefited from military assistance from China, which has upgraded equipment but most of its arsenal consists of older Soviet-era equipment and basic infantry systems, a different defense website, Military Power Rankings said this year. In the current conflict, Chitransh from SOS International said that Thailand is likely to conduct more precision airstrikes against Cambodian military targets while Cambodia will rely on its ground forces and artillery. What People Are Saying Thai newspaper The Nation reported that Thailand "maintains a more extensive and technologically advanced military compared to Cambodia…however, Cambodia's substantial number of rocket projectors suggests a focus on artillery and ground-based firepower." Anugya Chitransh, lead security analyst for Southeast Asia at security firm International SOS, told Newsweek: "Overall, if this conflict is prolonged, Thailand's military is more advanced and better funded than Cambodia’s. Cambodia will rely on its ground forces and artillery." The White House in a statement said: "President Trump is committed to the continued cessation of violence and expects the governments of Cambodia and Thailand to fully honor their commitments to end this conflict." What Happens Next Cambodia's government says that seven civilians have been killed and 20 injured, while Thailand says at least three of its soldiers have died in the fighting. Chitransh told Newsweek both sides will try to restrict artillery shelling and fighting to disputed sites, located in the Thai provinces of Ubon Ratchathani, Sisaket and Sa Kaeo and Cambodia's Preah Vihear, Oddar Meanchey and Banteay Meanchey provinces.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/china-radar-lock-against-japan-why-move-hostile-11178082
Article: The reported Chinese military "radar lock-on" against Japanese fighter aircraft could be considered a sign of hostile intent, an expert told Newsweek, as it signaled that the targets had been designated a potential threat and that weapons could be used. Guo Jiakun, a spokesperson for China's Foreign Ministry, said on Monday that Chinese fighter pilots activated search radars to ensure flight safety when they encountered the Japanese force, calling the maneuvers "professional, standard and beyond reproach." However, Japan's Defense Minister Shinjiro Koizumi responded the following day that fighter jet radar could also be used for fire control, providing target data for weapons, and that the party being illuminated cannot always "clearly determine" the radar's purpose. Why It Matters The incident occurred over international waters southeast of Japan's Okinawa Island on Saturday, when Chinese J-15 jets, launched from an aircraft carrier, locked their radars on Japanese F-15 jets. What To Know David Cenciotti, the editor of the military website the Aviationist, told Newsweek that radar lock-on occurs when a fighter aircraft switches from a general search of an area to fire control mode, continuously tracking a specific target to provide data to weapons. During peacetime, air forces rely on standard identification procedures, radio calls and visual contact to conduct interceptions in international airspace, which help ensure flight safety and prevent misunderstandings between the two sides, Cenciotti said. As a former member of the Italian air force, Cenciotti also explained how NATO air forces train to conduct safe interceptions, requiring pilots to maintain professionalism, keep an appropriate distance and use clear communications when approaching a target. After returning to base, the incident would be fully analyzed and reported to national and NATO authorities, with the response moving to the political and diplomatic level, including warnings, formal complaints and coordination with allies, Cenciotti said. What People Are Saying David Cenciotti, the editor of the military website the Aviationist, told Newsweek: "Lock-on is normally reserved for situations where there is a clear and imminent threat. Using it during routine interactions between fighters belonging to different nations is widely seen as aggressive since it increases the risk of miscalculation." Shinjiro Koizumi, Japan's Defense Minister, said: "When the Self-Defense Forces aircraft was illuminated by the radar, it maintained a safe distance and carried out anti-aircraft violation measures in a professional manner throughout. Therefore, China's claim that the Self-Defense Forces aircraft was interfered with is unfounded." Guo Jiakun, a spokesperson for China's Foreign Ministry, said: "The incident arose from Japanese jets' deliberate intrusion into China's exercise and training zones and close-in reconnaissance and disruptions on China's normal military activities. Yet, the Japanese side blamed it on China and sought to mislead the world by falsely accusing China of 'radar illumination.' China deplores and opposes the false accusation and has strongly protested to the Japanese side." What Happens Next It remains to be seen whether China or Japan will release further details about the "radar lock-on" incident.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/susie-wiles-reveals-republicans-change-strategy-midterm-elections-donald-trump-campaign-trail-11178301
Article: White House chief of staff Susie Wiles has revealed the Republican Party is set to change its strategy for the 2026 midterm elections by putting President Donald Trump on the campaign trail. Speaking on The Mom View podcast, Wiles said that while midterm elections were usually run on local issues without the influence of federal officials, the GOP will put Trump "on the ballot" to encourage voter turnout. The GOP recently performed poorly in a series of elections on November 4, including in the New York City mayoral election, in which Democratic socialist Zohran Mamdani defeated independent Andrew Cuomo and Republican Curtis Sliwa.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/ice-arrests-afghans-rise-11178099
Article: Why It Matters The shooting of two West Virginia National Guard members in downtown Washington on November 26 by the suspect, Afghan national Rahmanullah Lakanwal, has already triggered sweeping reviews of how Afghans were vetted and admitted to the U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS) stopped processing all immigration requests from Afghan nationals after the attack, a move advocates warned would strand allies who had risked their lives for U.S. In Sacramento—home to one of the country’s largest Afghan communities—volunteers monitoring ICE activity say they saw at least nine arrests at a federal building last week after people received early morning calls instructing them to report for check-ins. Many of those detained had requested asylum at the U.S.-Mexico border over the past two years, while others were among the tens of thousands brought in under Operation Allies Welcome. In at least one instance, officials cited prior domestic-violence arrests; in other cases, immigration attorneys told the AP they could find no criminal history for their Afghan clients and believed they had strong asylum claims. government has paused new asylum applications and tightened vetting for immigrants from certain countries since the shooting, while also freezing immigration-related applications and visas for Afghans who closely aided the U.S. They shouldn't have been in our country." Secretary of Homeland Security Kristi Noem, in a press release: “The Biden administration created one of the worst national security crises in American history. President Trump has been working every day since January 20 to clean up this unmitigated national security crisis.” What Happens Next The wave of arrests adds a new dimension to the political and legal fallout already reshaping policy regarding Afghans after the shooting. In addition to the USCIS processing halt, the Trump administration has ordered a government-wide review of Afghans admitted under Biden and is weighing steps such as deporting members of the suspect’s family and imposing broader migration restrictions from certain countries. As that case moves through the courts, pressure is likely to grow on the administration to explain how far its Afghan dragnet will go—and whether the drive to prevent another attack is coming at the expense of due process for thousands who thought they had found refuge in the United States.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c1w9ge93w9po?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: UN environment report 'hijacked' by US and others over fossil fuels, top scientist says 46 minutes ago Share Save Matt McGrath Environment correspondent Share Save Getty Images A key UN report on the state of the global environment has been "hijacked" by the United States and other countries who were unwilling to go along with the scientific findings, the co-chair has told the BBC. But this new version of the Global Environment Outlook does not have this type of summary, as the authors and the political representatives of around 70 countries could not agree one at a "stormy" meeting in Nairobi in October. Compiled by nearly 300 scientists worldwide, the report argues that the food we eat, the clothes we wear, and the energy we consume all involve the extraction of resources in a highly unsustainable manner. These strong measures, especially on fossil fuels and plastics, were too much for the United States, Saudi Arabia and Russia among others at the approval meeting, which usually work by consensus.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cdjxje2pje1o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: 2 hours ago Share Save Flora Drury and Gavin Butler BBC News Share Save Reuters Fighting broke out along the border in July Simmering tensions between Thailand and Cambodia have once again exploded along the border - derailing a fragile ceasefire backed by US President Donald Trump. Thailand refused to call it that - instead referring to it as "Joint Declaration by the prime ministers of Thailand and Cambodia on the outcomes of their meeting in Kuala Lumpur". Things officially became hostile in 2008, when Cambodia tried to register an 11th Century temple located in the disputed area as a Unesco World Heritage Site - a move that was met with heated protest from Thailand. Soldiers on the Thai side attempted negotiations by shouting, but were unsuccessful, the NSC spokesman claimed, adding that Cambodian soldiers opened fire at around 08:20, forcing the Thai side to retaliate. Thailand also accused Cambodia of deploying heavy weapons, including BM-21 rocket launchers and artillery, causing damage to homes and public facilities including a hospital and a petrol station along the Thai side of the border. Meanwhile, Cambodia alleged that Thai soldiers initiated the conflict at around 06:30, when they violated a prior agreement by advancing on a Khmer-Hindu temple near the border and placing barbed wire around its base. Thai soldiers then deployed a drone just after 07:00, and fired shots "into the air" at around 08:30, according to Maly Socheata, a spokesperson from Cambodia's Ministry of National Defence. At 08:46, Thai soldiers "pre-emptively" opened fire on Cambodian troops, leaving them no choice but to exercise their right to self-defence, according to the Phnom Penh Post newspaper quoting Socheata.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c8e91e82zneo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: 3 hours ago Share Save Cameron Angus-Mackay and Andrew Picken , Data Journalist, BBC News Scotland Share Save Getty Images The North Coast 500 road trip has been hugely popular with tourists since it was launched in 2015 A "warts and all" assessment of the impact of the North Coast 500 road trip has been ordered amid concerns about overtourism. David Richardson, development and engagement manager of NC500 Ltd, said the impact study was the start of a new conversation with the local community on how to improve the route. "We would love to bring the people who complain onboard." The NC500 takes in a network of roads around the Highland's north, east and west coasts Robin Pettigrew lives in the west coast village of Lochcarron and has seen the dirty side of the NC500 up close with campers dumping their waste into the drains outside his house and cyclists using nearby bushes for toilet breaks. "I'm not blaming the NC500 Ltd for the impact of some of our more feral visitors, of which we have many, but really the kind of constant promotion of it [the NC500 route] has been significantly abused and misrepresented by a number of organisations and vehicle hire companies." Robin Pettigrew Robin Pettigrew says a lack of infrastructure to cope with increased visitor numbers has been one of the challenges of the NC500 Mr Pettigrew said some form of regulatory solution and enforcement was required to guide people to more appropriate places to camp and visit. He added: "There's a substantial element within the visiting community who don't want to pay for anything, won't use the infrastructure, dump their waste into the verges and cause wildfires with the campfires and barbecues." How bad is the traffic on the NC500? One of the challenges for people living along the NC500 - which has been dubbed the "Instagram highway" for its numerous scenic spots - has been the increase in traffic. Environmental impact of the NC500 Communities and businesses will have their say on the tourist route in the NC500 impact study Reports from Highland Council's access rangers show they are dealing with increased incidents of littering. Councillor Ken Gowans, chairman of Highland Council's economy and infrastructure committee, said: "The NC500 brings significant opportunities for our communities, but it also presents challenges that require careful management." Eann Sinclair, Highlands and Islands Enterprise area manager for Caithness and Sutherland, said the route had achieved "recognition well beyond most people's expectations". "However, it is now some time since an independent assessment of the route's impact has taken place, so it seems fitting that as NC500 Ltd turns 10 we examine its impacts (positive and negative)," she added.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/fire-office-building-indonesias-capital-kills-17-people-128232930
Article: Indonesian police say a fire ripped through an office building in the capital, Jakarta, killing at least 17 people A fire in an office building in Indonesia's capital kills at least 17 people By The Associated Press Rescuers carry out the body of a victim from the site of a fire in Jakarta, Indonesia, Tuesday, Dec.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/world-jointly-tackle-issues-climate-change-pollution-biodiversity-128232703
Article: The United Nations says the world needs a new way of thinking about environmental crises threatening the health of people and the planet FILE - A resident rides a golf cart as he exits his property while the Canyon Fire burns on Aug. (AP Photo/Marcio Jose Sanchez, File) The world needs a new approach to environmental crises threatening the health of people and the planet by adopting policies to jointly tackle climate change, biodiversity loss, land degradation and pollution, according to a U.N. “You can’t think of climate change without thinking of biodiversity, land degradation and pollution,” said Bob Watson, one of the lead authors and a former top NASA and British climate scientist. "You can’t think of biodiversity loss without thinking about the implications of climate change and pollution." They’re “all undermining our economy," worsening health and poverty and threatening food and water security and even national security, Watson said. Emissions of heat-trapping greenhouse gases — primarily from burning fossil fuels such as coal, gas and oil — reached a new high in 2024, despite decades of negotiations between countries to curb emissions. Ten years ago, almost 200 nations signed the Paris Agreement with the goal of limiting future warming to no more than 1.5 degrees Celsius (2.7 degrees Fahrenheit) since preindustrial times to avoid or lessen the most catastrophic effects of climate change. What's more, climate change is a threat multiplier, meaning that it makes things like land degradation, deforestation and biodiversity loss worse, said Katharine Hayhoe, a climate scientist at Texas Tech University and chief scientist at the Nature Conservancy, who wasn't involved in the report. Among other challenges: Up to 40% of land area globally is degraded; more than 1 million plant and animal species face extinction; and pollution contributes to an estimated 9 million deaths a year. And the answer to that question is very much up for grabs at this point.” ___ The Associated Press’ climate and environmental coverage receives financial support from multiple private foundations.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/czech-populist-billionaire-andrej-babi-sworn-new-prime-128232519
Article: The Czech Republic's president has sworn in Andrej Babiš as the country's new prime minister after October's parliamentary election Leader of ANO 2011 political movement Andrej Babis arrives to be sworn in as the country's new prime minister at the Prague Castle in Prague, Czech Republic, Tuesday, Dec. (AP Photo/Petr David Josek) Leader of ANO 2011 political movement Andrej Babis arrives to be sworn in as the country's new prime minister at the Prague Castle in Prague, Czech Republic, Tuesday, Dec. (AP Photo/Petr David Josek) PRAGUE -- Populist billionaire Andrej Babiš was sworn in Tuesday as the Czech Republic's new prime minister, following October’s parliamentary election, in a return to power for the businessman. Babiš, who was previously prime minister from 2017-2021, promised Czechs that he “will fight for their interests at home and anywhere in the world” and will do his utmost for the Czech Republic to become “the best place for life on earth.” President Petr Pavel swore in Babiš as prime minister. The new partnership makes up 108 seats in the 200-seat lower house of parliament, relegating the four center-right parties of the pro-Western government led by Prime Minister Petr Fiala to the opposition. Babiš, 71, still faces fraud charges in a case involving EU subsidies, and the new parliament will have to lift his official immunity for a court to issue a verdict. Babis was appointed after he met a condition set by Pavel and publicly announced that he would get rid of his major businesses to avoid a conflict of interest that could arise from his private dealings and his political status. He said an independent trustee will be in charge of Agrofert in a trust fund, while it will be under control of an independent protector until he dies, and then his descendants will inherit it.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/lithuania-declares-national-emergency-security-risks-posed-balloons-128232338
Article: Lithuania's government has declared a national emergency over security risks from balloons coming from Belarus Lithuania declares emergency over security risks posed by balloons from Belarus By The Associated Press FILE - In this undated photo released by the State Border Guard Service, an officer inspects a balloon used to carry cigarettes into Lithuania, because Belarussian smugglers often use them to ferry the contraband into the European Union (State Border Guard Service via AP, File) FILE - In this undated photo released by the State Border Guard Service, an officer inspects a balloon used to carry cigarettes into Lithuania, because Belarussian smugglers often use them to ferry the contraband into the European Union (State Border Guard Service via AP, File) FILE - In this undated photo released by the State Border Guard Service, an officer inspects a balloon used to carry cigarettes into Lithuania, because Belarussian smugglers often use them to ferry the contraband into the European Union (State Border Guard Service via AP, File) FILE - In this undated photo released by the State Border Guard Service, an officer inspects a balloon used to carry cigarettes into Lithuania, because Belarussian smugglers often use them to ferry the contraband into the European Union (State Border Guard Service via AP, File) VILNIUS, Lithuania -- VILNIUS, Lithuania (AP) — Lithuania’s government on Tuesday declared a national emergency over security risks posed by balloons from Russia-allied Belarus that have violated its airspace in recent weeks. Tensions between Lithuania and Belarus have escalated after meteorological balloons from Belarus forced Lithuania to repeatedly shut down its main airport in the past weeks, leaving thousands of people stranded. In a statement, the government cited “national security interests” and “the danger” to human life, property and the environment from the balloons that have carried “contraband” from the former Soviet neighbor — actions some consider a form of hybrid warfare. The announcement followed a Cabinet meeting of the Baltic state, which is a NATO member and strong backer of Ukraine in its fight against the Russian forces who launched a full-scale invasion in February 2022.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Business/wireStory/chinese-premier-cites-damage-us-tariffs-chinas-surplus-128232614
Article: China's premier says higher tariffs have dealt a “severe blow” to the world economy, even as China's own trade surplus has surged past $1 trillion Chinese Premier Li Qiang speaks during the 1+10 Dialogue with heads of major international economic organizations in Beijing, China, Tuesday, Dec. (AP Photo/Ng Han Guan) BANGKOK -- Higher tariffs have dealt a “severe blow” to the world economy, China's premier said Tuesday, even as China’s own trade surplus has surged past $1 trillion. “Starting from the beginning of this year, we’ve seen the stick of tariffs being wielded around the world with growing restrictive measures on the economy and trade, which have dealt a severe blow to the global economy," Li said, without mentioning U.S. "As the situation has unfolded, the damaging consequences of tariffs hurting both others and oneself have become increasingly evident, and calls from all sides to uphold free trade have grown ever stronger,” Li told the gathering of top representatives from the International Monetary Fund, the World Bank and the World Trade Organization. With investments in technology rising, outpacing overall investments, Li called for “collaborative innovation,” saying "we need to embrace an open mind and work hand in hand to pursue openness and cooperation.” The Central Economic Work Conference, the annual planning meeting held this week, follows a top level meeting in October to draft China's plan for 2026-2030.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/9/israel-attacked-syria-more-than-600-times-over-the-past-year?traffic_source=rss
Article: Yet, as the regime collapsed, Israel seized on the instability by significantly escalating its military campaign in Syria, targeting much of its neighbour’s military infrastructure, including major airports, air defence systems, fighter jets, and other strategic facilities. Over the past year, Israel has launched more than 600 air, drone or artillery attacks across Syria, averaging nearly two attacks a day, according to a tally by the Armed Conflict Location and Event Data (ACLED). The bulk of the Israeli attacks have been concentrated in the southern Syrian governorates of Quneitra, Deraa, and Damascus, which account for nearly 80 percent of all recorded Israeli attacks. Advertisement Since the fall of the al-Assad government, Israel claims it is trying to prevent weapons from landing in the hands of “extremists” – a term it has applied to a rotating list of actors, most recently including Hayat Tahrir al-Sham (HTS), the primary Syrian opposition group that led the operation to overthrow al-Assad. Just four days after the fall of al-Assad, Israel announced it had achieved total air superiority by destroying more than 80 percent of Syria’s air defence systems, in order to prevent the new Syrian state from posing any military threat. Since taking power following the overthrow of al-Assad, President Ahmed al-Sharaa has consistently stated that his government seeks no conflict with Israel and will not permit Syria to be used by foreign actors to launch attacks. Israel grabs more Syrian land In the days following the fall of al-Assad, Israeli troops crossed into the Syrian side of the Golan Heights, which Israel has occupied since 1967, violating the 1974 UN-brokered ceasefire agreement with Syria. The Israeli military has established several military outposts, including at Jabal al-Sheikh, in nearby villages, and within other areas of the United Nations-monitored demilitarised zone, where it has carried out frequent air raids and ground incursions. Despite these condemnations, Israeli Defense Minister Israel Katz said in February that Israeli forces would remain in the area indefinitely to “protect Israeli citizens” and “prevent hostile entities from gaining a foothold” near the border.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/9/2025-on-track-to-tie-for-second-hottest-year-on-record-eu-monitor-says?traffic_source=rss
Article: The year 2025 is on track to be the second hottest on record, Europe’s climate monitor has said, in the latest warning that the planet’s climate is headed towards a catastrophic point of no return. The global average temperature from January to November was 1.48 degrees Celsius (2.7 degrees Fahrenheit) above pre-industrial levels, making it “virtually certain” that 2025 will end up the second or third warmest year on record, the European Union’s Copernicus Climate Change Service said on Tuesday. While 2025 may not see temperatures reach 1.5C (2.7F) above pre-industrial levels, the average global temperature for 2023-2025 is likely to exceed the threshold identified by scientists as the trigger for the worst effects of climate change, the monitor said. “These milestones are not abstract – they reflect the accelerating pace of climate change, and the only way to mitigate future rising temperatures is to rapidly reduce greenhouse gas emissions,” Samantha Burgess, strategic lead for climate at the Copernicus Climate Change Service, said in a statement. The latest climate data follows a series of extreme weather events this year, including recent tropical storms in South and Southeast Asia that have left more than 1,800 people dead. Advertisement In a sign of the fraying global consensus on tackling climate change, the COP30 summit wrapped up in Brazil last month without an agreement on phasing out fossil fuels. Bjorn H Samset, a scientist at the Center for International Climate Research in Norway, said the world would continue to experience the consequences of climate change as there was no prospect of temperatures coming down within a “meaningful time scale”. “It’s therefore crucial that we also speed up our efforts to adapt, not just to the climate we’ve gotten now, but for the even warmer climate that we will see in coming decades,” Samset told Al Jazeera.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/opinions/2025/12/9/benins-real-coup-already-happened-under-president-talon?traffic_source=rss
Article: Led by Lieutenant Colonel Pascal Tigri and calling themselves the “Military Committee for Refoundation”, eight uniformed men declared President Patrice Talon “removed from office”, suspended the constitution, dissolved state institutions, and ordered border closures. Observers prepared for a now-familiar scenario: A forced resignation, leaders detained or under house arrest, and routine condemnations from the African Union (AU) and the Economic Community of West African States (ECOWAS). Before Talon came to power in April 2016, Benin was widely recognised for its peaceful transfers of power, a dispensation anchored in the February 1990 National Conference, which ended one-party rule and laid the foundations for a multi-party democratic system. Instead of strengthening democracy, Talon began to systematically dismantle the democratic institutions that had made Benin, a country of nearly 15 million people, known as an early democratic success in Africa. The first decisive legal break came in April 2019, when a new electoral code introduced a “certificate of conformity” requirement, empowering authorities to disqualify entire opposition lists from that year’s parliamentary elections. The transformation was complete by 2021: In the April presidential election, held amid violent protests and a boycott by several opposition parties, vote counting began under an atmosphere of intimidation, and civil society observers reported widespread irregularities, underscoring how the political environment had changed. In December 2021, constitutional scholar Joel Aivo, a prominent opponent of President Patrice Talon, was sentenced to 10 years by the Court for the Repression of Economic Offences and Terrorism (CRIET) after being convicted of plotting against the state and money laundering. Days later, the same court sentenced another Talon opponent, former Justice Minister Reckya Madougou, to 20 years for “complicity in terrorist acts” in a verdict her lawyers and international rights organisations described as politically motivated. By 2022, more than 50 opposition figures had been imprisoned on charges ranging from terrorism to economic sabotage, including 30 freed during French President Emmanuel Macron’s 2022 visit, although high-profile leaders Aivo and Madougou remained jailed. They cited Talon’s handling of the threat from al-Qaeda and ISIL (ISIS)-linked fighters in northern Benin, the neglect of fallen soldiers and their families, and unpopular tax and spending decisions.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/sports/2025/12/9/fernandes-manchester-united-crush-wolves-go-sixth-on-ladder?traffic_source=rss
Article: Manchester United climbed to sixth in the Premier League on Monday as captain Bruno Fernandes scored twice to help them claim a comfortable 4-1 victory at bottom club Wolverhampton Wanderers, whose calamitous season grows bleaker by the week. Ruben Amorim’s United have 25 points from 15 games, while Wolves’ club-record eighth successive league defeat, and 13th of the season, left them marooned on two points and in danger of setting some unwanted Premier League history. Their tally of points is the joint-lowest after 15 games in the history of England’s top four tiers, and they are without a league win since April, losing 16 and drawing three since. Wolves are now 13 points from the safety zone, and the talk is not whether they will be able to mount an escape bid but whether they can surpass the lowest-ever Premier League points haul of Derby County, who managed only 11 in 2007-08. United looking up While Wolves are looking down, United are beginning to look up, and while there were times in the first half when they looked vulnerable, their second-half display was silky. It was the first goal Wolves had scored in 540 minutes, but after a brief burst of joy, the gloom once again descended in the second half when Diogo Dalot squared for Mbeumo to score.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/winter-storm-warning-snow-whiteout-11178609
Article: have been hit with winter storm warnings, with the National Weather Service (NWS) warning that up to 2 feet of snow could fall, with strong winds, which could create “whiteout conditions” from Tuesday through Wednesday and into Thursday, in some cases. Michigan Up to 8 inches of snow and 35 mph winds are expected across western Mackinac County, leading to blowing snow and possible whiteout conditions, particularly across Highway 2, lasting until Tuesday. North Dakota/Minnesota Parts of northwest Minnesota and northeast and southeast North Dakota could get between 3 and 5 inches of snow, ice accumulations, and winds gusting as high as 60 mph through Tuesday until Wednesday. Benton, Morrison, Sherburne, Todd, Anoka, Chisago, Isanti, Kanabec, and Mille Lacs counties in Minnesota should expect up to 7 inches of snow—with the heaviest amounts likely to be north of Interstate 94—and winds as high as 40 mph until Wednesday. Wisconsin Calumet, Manitowoc, Winnebago, Brown, Door, Kewaunee, Outagamie, southern Oconto, Marathon, Portage, Waushara, Wood, Langlade, Lincoln, Menominee, northern Oconto, Shawano, Waupaca, Barron, Rusk, Polk, Clark, Taylor, and Chippewa counties could get up to 7 inches of snow and 35 mph winds until Tuesday night or into Wednesday morning. Montana/Wyoming The Absaroka and Beartooth Mountains on the Montana side should brace themselves for between 1 and 2 feet of snow and winds as high as 70 mph through Tuesday until late Wednesday afternoon. The northeast Bighorn Mountains could see up to 10 inches in areas above 7,000 feet with 55 mph winds, significantly reducing visibility and impacting travel—especially along Highway 14—and the western side of the Bighorn Mountains could get up to 20 inches of snow and 50 mph winds, until Wednesday afternoon. The Absaroka Mountains on the Wyoming side, and the Yellowstone National Park could get up to 20 inches of snow and winds between 60 and 70 mph, and the Teton and Gros Ventre Mountains—including Teton Pass and Togwotee Pass, in Wyoming—could also get up to 2 feet of snow, with winds gusting up to 60 mph until Wednesday. Up to 16 inches of snow and 70 mph wind gusts are expected along the Wind River Mountains, and up to 12 inches and 60 mph winds are expected along the Salt River and Wyoming Ranges until Wednesday afternoon. New York The eastern Lake Ontario Region and northern Oneida county could get up to 7 inches of snow, and southern Erie and Wyoming counties, and the western Southern Tier, up to 8 inches and 35 mph winds until Wednesday night or Thursday morning. West Virginia Western Grant and western Pendleton counties could get up to 10 inches of snow along the highest ridges, eastern Tucker county up to 6 inches, and northwest Pocahontas, southeast Randolph, and southeast Webster up to 7 inches, with winds gusting as high as 50 mph until Thursday afternoon. Quick onsets of whiteout conditions and changing road conditions will lead to potential for the rapid onset of hazardous travel conditions.” The NWS for North Dakota said: “Persons are urged to stay indoors until conditions improve. Gloves, a scarf, and a hat will keep you from losing your body heat.” What Happens Next Residents in affected areas should prepare for rapidly changing weather conditions by continuously monitoring local forecasts.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/tim-pool-podcast-show-quit-costs-security-charlie-kirk-11178614
Article: For any business." “The cost isn’t cameras or lights, the cost is security,” he added: “We can’t forgo security, but we can’t sustain it either.” Pool is the host of Timcast IRL and The Culture War Podcast. He said in the post that there were no injuries, that his team is reviewing the incident and will be “relaying the report to appropriate law enforcement.” This is a developing story and will be updated.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/kristi-noem-criminal-inquiry-judge-orders-key-testimonies-11178487
Article: A federal judge investigating if Homeland Security Secretary Kristi Noem should face a criminal contempt charge wants to hear from a whisteblower and a serving Justice Department attorney to "shed light on" whether a court order to turn around planes transfering migrants was willfully violated. In a new order late Monday, Judge James Boasberg sought testimony from Erez Reuveni, a fired Justice Department attorney, and deputy assistant attorney General Drew Ensign, a member of the government's defense team in the case. The Justice Department said in court papers last month that Secretary Noem made the decision not to turn around two deportation flights, which were airborne and carrying alleged Venezuelan gang members from the U.S. Judge Boasberg said Noem’s declaration was too “cursory” to establish probable cause for criminal contempt, and further witness examination is necessary to clarify the decision-making before determining whether a contempt referral is warranted.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/russia-ukraine-live-updates-news-nato-zelensky-trump-putin-11178524
Article: Kremlin envoy Kirill Dmitriev lashed out at a meeting between Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky and three leaders of NATO allies in London, calling them "Team 'War'" and accusing the group of "sabotaging Trump’s Peace". It follows comments by Zelensky that he had no legal or moral right to cede Ukrainian land to Russia, casting doubt on the prospects for the current U.S.-brokered peace negotiations. Prime Minister Keir Starmer, French President Emmanuel Macron, and German Chancellor Friedrich Merz together in Downing Street and said: "Team 'War' is sabotaging Trump’s Peace." Russia is trying to drive a greater wedge between the U.S. and its European NATO allies amid strained relations After the London meeting of key players in the "Coalition of the Willing" , Zelensky made clear he would not give in to Russian territorial demands: “According to the law we don’t have such right. According to Ukraine’s law, our constitution, international law, and to be frank, we don’t have a moral right either." Zelensky headed to Brussels for a "good and productive meeting" with NATO and EU leaders as they try to mount a coordinated resistance to pressure from U.S. We are acting in a coordinated and constructive manner." Trump had earlier criticized Zelensky for not having read the latest round of proposals under discussion between a Ukrainian delegation and U.S.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/us-update-navy-jet-helicopter-lost-south-china-sea-11178554
Article: The Sea Hawk helicopter and Super Hornet fighter jet had gone down within half an hour of one another while conducting "routine operations" in what analysts called "unusual" crash circumstances.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/donald-trump-caught-on-hot-mic-tearing-into-republicans-11178147
Article: Circuit Court of Appeals in Philadelphia disqualified her from serving in the role, writing in an opinion that “the citizens of New Jersey and the loyal employees in the U.S. Attorney’s Office deserve some clarity and stability.” Asked about Habba's resignation on Monday, Trump hit out at the Senate's tradition of refusing to act on nominees if they are opposed by the senators representing the state involved. And the Republicans should be ashamed of themselves that they allow this to go on." He also called for Senate Judiciary Committee chair Chuck Grassley, a Republican, to do away with the "blue slip" process. President Donald Trump said on Monday: "I hope that somebody speaks to Senator Grassley about doing something about the blue slip because I'm telling you, John, I put up great people, top people, highest education, the best lawyers to be like U.S. attorney and both senators, it only takes one, but if they're Democrat senators, they say, 'We're not going to approve it.'" He added: “I guess I just have to keep appointing people for three months and then just appoint another one, another one.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cd6x3vv7y60o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Ukrainians raise flag to show BBC the fight goes on in city claimed by Russia 1 hour ago Share Save Jonathan Beale Defence correspondent in Pavlohrad Share Save BBC/Matthew Goddard Ukrainian soldiers in Pokrovsk show a Ukrainian flag to prove the city has not yet fallen Pokrovsk has not fallen yet. The commander of the Skala Assault Regiment, Yuri, is keen to prove to us that Ukraine still controls the north of the city - to show that the Kremlin's claim that it has taken Pokrovsk is a lie. BBC/Matthew Goddard Battalion commanders are adamant they still have a foothold in Pokrovsk Yuri tells me: "You've now seen it with your own eyes." "I think the whole world should know we will not just give up our territory," he says. "If we do not show this, everyone will lose faith and stop helping Ukraine." The battle for Pokrovsk, once a key logistics hub for Ukraine's military, has been grinding on for nearly 18 months. But he adds: "The enemy who gets into our rear is quickly identified – it takes 15 to 20 minutes between detection and destruction." BBC/Matthew Goddard Green and brown plastic soldiers on Sasha's Ukrainian map show the two armies still fighting in Pokrovsk Russia has suffered heavy casualties, but still has more troops. If we give it up Russia will want more." Another soldier - call sign "Ghost" - fighting in another unit in Pokrovsk describes the situation as "tense, but not critical". "Khotabych", who recently spent a month fighting in the city, says it is scary when the drones spot you: "There are lots and they fly round the clock." The Russians have more drones with thermal imaging cameras, which can see at night. He describes President Donald Trump as a "charismatic and strong leader", but he says if Trump's peace envoy Steve Witkoff "stands with Putin, then it makes America and Trump look weak".

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/crk7j8nxlr6o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: 32 minutes ago Share Save Michelle Roberts Digital health editor Share Save Getty Images Flu has come early this year and experts predict it could be a particularly nasty season because a new strain of the virus is circulating. The NHS offers a free flu vaccine to people who need it most, including: anyone aged 65 or over those have certain long-term health conditions pregnant women care home residents carers for older or disabled people, or those who receive a carer's allowance people who live with someone who has a weakened immune system Frontline health and social care workers can also get a flu vaccine through their employer. Colds Symptoms appear gradually Mostly affect nose and throat Early sign - pressure in your ears Chestier, mucus cough Flu Comes on suddenly Feel wiped out Fever, muscle aches, exhaustion Need bed rest Dry cough Covid Typical flu symptoms Loss of taste or smell Diarrhoea or tummy upset What else can I do to protect myself?

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c1dzqpyqegeo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Fines issued after disabled bay painted around car 9 hours ago Share Save Share Save Watch: PCNs issued after disabled bay painted around car A man received four parking tickets when a disabled bay was painted around his legally parked car while he was away on holiday. CCTV footage shared on social media shows a contractor measuring and painting the bay on 17 November, after the owner had left his car on an unrestricted road outside his home. 'No prior notification' The vehicle owner, who we are not naming, told BBC London: "It really put a damper on my holiday because I kept checking [the camera] to see what was wrong and there was nothing I could do. "I didn't want to go out and do the things I wanted to do because I was worried about the amount of tickets I was accumulating." After he got back from his travels, he saw he had two tickets on his windscreen and that a further two had been removed by an unknown individual. "Without any communication with your community, that's the wrong way to do it." 'Snowball of wrongdoing' The video shows the contractor photographing the car after the painting is complete to alert the council not to issue a fine. The man decided to share the footage on social media after facing a backlash on Facebook from residents who believed he had parked in the bay knowing he was not supposed to. I just thought, 'Why are you looking at me as the bad guy?' "But I do understand, somebody obviously didn't know that I parked there before the bay was drawn." He added that he had never had direct confirmation from the council that the PCNs in relation to the new bay were cancelled. "I think the issue here is because there was no communication in the beginning, there has been a snowball effect of wrongdoing." 'Online abuse' The council said contractors painting the bay around the car was "standard practice" to avoid delays, explaining: "Otherwise they would have to wait for the space to be free, which may have taken weeks." A council spokesperson said: "Unfortunately one of our parking attendants was not informed and issued parking tickets. "However, these were not processed into fines because we had a note on the system from our contractor." The council added that its car parking attendant had suffered abuse online after the video and asked that "residents with concerns contact us directly and not abuse staff carrying out their duties".

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cx257kv7jmvo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Gran punched by pregnant attacker at funeral disgusted at sentence 12 minutes ago Share Save Share Save Wales News Service Belinda Stickland says she will never be the same again after a pregnant stranger attacked her at a funeral A grandmother who suffered broken ribs and a punctured lung in an assault by a pregnant stranger at a funeral wake said she was "disgusted" her attacker avoided a jail term. Oliver, who was 22 weeks pregnant at the time of the attack on 9 June 2024, was given a 66-week sentence, suspended for two years, at Cardiff Crown Court in July. "She has walked free while I continue to live with the consequences." Ms Stickland, who is retired, said she was attending the funeral of her best friend's partner when "all hell broke loose". "Pain tore through my face and the next thing I knew I was on the floor, dazed and completely disorientated." Ms Stickland said she believed she was "going to die" in the attack that began just as mourners were about to raise a toast to the deceased. Wales News Service Danielle Oliver has never explained the attack, which left Ms Stickland in intensive care Ms Stickland said she "staggered" to her feet with help from her partner, Rob. "I'd never seen her before, she was a complete stranger to me and I had no idea why she had punched me." Ms Stickland said she lost consciousness while being taken by a bartender to Cardiff's University Hospital of Wales, waking up in intensive care a few days later. 'Fighting for my life' Her four daughters were at the hospital waited by her bedside, and Ms Strickland added: "They didn't know if I was going to die." Ms Stickland said she was already registered disabled with arthritis and a heart complaint and had undergone two hip replacements before the attack. "I am still in a lot of pain because of the attack and life will never be the same again for me." Wales News Service Ms Stickland with daughter Jinaise Joseph

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/football/articles/c4gvqr09rqro?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Hugo Ekitike With Liverpool and Mohamed Salah appearing to be moving in different directions - and Salah heading to join his Egypt team-mates for the Africa Cup of Nations next week anyway - the Reds need other players to step up and fill the Salah-shaped hole in the scoring charts. On Saturday at Elland Road, the Frenchman scored the first double of his Liverpool career, and with the goals coming in the 48th and 50th minutes, he was the first Premier League player to score twice in the opening five minutes of the second half since Raheem Sterling in March 2019 for Manchester City against Watford. He led all players in the match for shots (5), shots on target (3) and touches in the opposition box (9) and his only disappointment must have been the scoreline - he was the first Liverpool player to score two goals in a Premier League and not win since Salah last December in a 3-3 draw with Newcastle. Rayan Cherki Despite playing just 398 minutes in the Premier League this season, no player has more assists than Manchester City's Rayan Cherki (5), with two of those coming in the 3-0 victory over Sunderland. Cherki created six chances in open play, the joint most by a player in a Premier League game this season, while at 22 years and 111 days on Saturday he was the second-youngest Manchester City player to achieve that in a Premier League game, older only than - maybe surprisingly - Mario Balotelli in February 2012 against Blackburn Rovers. Among players to play 300 minutes in the Premier League, no player has created more chances per 90 minutes than Cherki (3.4) and only four have had more touches in the opposition box per 90 minutes (7.7). Bruno Guimaraes Bruno Guimaraes has taken 10 corners in the Premier League this season and it is clear which one of those was most memorable - his in-swinging delivery on Saturday against Burnley caught his former team-mate Martin Dubravka out to give the Magpies the lead. It was not the first Premier League goal direct from a corner (or 'Olympico goal' as it's known) but it was Newcastle's first ever corner to be put directly into the opponent's goal in the Premier League, to give Guimaraes a slice of Magpies history. Given the term Olympico goal originates from South America, it seems apt that four of the past seven direct corner goals have been scored by players from that continent - all, in fact, from Brazil. Aside from swinging corners directly into the net, Guimaraes has been in excellent recent form - he now has four goals and two assists across his past nine Premier League appearances, scoring five in total this season.

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/12/09/g-s1-101183/gop-authority-trump-pushback
Article: Here's where they're pushing back toggle caption Zayrha Rodriguez/NPR The Republican-controlled House and Senate have not done much to stand in the way of President Trump — even when his actions have encroached on terrain the Constitution reserved for them. When news broke last week that the Pentagon carried out a second strike on two individuals on a largely-destroyed alleged drug boat in the Caribbean Sea, even some Republicans expressed alarm. That's pretty straightforward." Sponsor Message The strikes are not the only actions that have spurred a handful of Republicans to stake out a bit of daylight with the Trump Administration. Josh Hawley, R-Mo., warned last month of a "massive crisis unless Congress acts." Nebraska Congressman Don Bacon has been one of the most consistent critics of Trump's approach to Russian President Vladimir Putin's incursion into Ukraine. "The velvet glove, red carpet treatment for Putin and then the condescending, boorish behavior that the president and the vice president has done towards Zelenskyy – it's a contrast," Bacon told Nebraska Public Media earlier this year. "That's diminishing." Flake, who did not run for reelection in 2018 in part because he refused to unconditionally back Trump, says some lawmakers are now more willing to say aloud what they long expressed behind closed doors. "This migration is happening and when Republicans get there, they'll get to a new-old place where they were on some of these threshold issues that have animated conservatives for decades." But this is not the first time observers have declared a new era, only for Trump to firm up his grip on Congressional Republicans, including the aftermath of the January 6th attack on the U.S. Lisa Murkowski said Congress has made some recent attempts to push back on the White House, like resolutions rebuking the tariffs and boat strikes, but they have not been very successful or sufficient. Sponsor Message "I'd like to see more, and I believe that if we don't stand up for our powers under the Constitution, nobody else will," Murkowski told NPR in an interview. But we do have a responsibility as partners to try to get an agenda done for the American people that they voted for." Molly Reynolds, a Brookings Institution expert on Congress, says it's true this is not just a Trump-era phenomenon. House Speaker Mike Johnson (R-La.) recently told The Katie Miller Podcast that, "We have this joke that I'm not really a Speaker of the House." Reynolds, who jokingly calls herself a partisan of the first branch, says it is no accident the legislative branch is established in Article 1 of the Constitution.

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/12/09/nx-s1-5629014/nutcracker-museum-washington-leavenworth
Article: Here's a look inside toggle caption Chona Kasinger for NPR Tucked into the Bavarian-esque town of Leavenworth, Wash., at the foothills of the Cascade mountains is a two-story jewel of whimsy and, some might say, obsession. "We were looking for the nutcracker for [the protagonist] Clara to hold and we found all of these big mouthed, crunchy guys, and so we started collecting them," Wagner said. (They typically wear a tall black hat and a red military-style jacket, and sport white shoulder-length hair.) But, she soon became more interested in more unusual types after she went to an antique show in Portland, Ore., with her late husband, George Wagner. A few months later the title was taken by a Lithuanian man who owns a collection of 10,000 nutcrackers.) toggle caption Chona Kasinger for NPR Favorites include centuries-old nutcrackers Inside, the museum is a riot of color, lined with floor-to-ceiling, custom-made display cases that are meticulously curated by Wagner. Sponsor Message "It's the earliest known-of dated nutcracker in the world," Wagner says, emphasizing the word "dated." One of the longest walls on the first floor of the museum is dedicated to just about any American holiday one can think of. toggle caption Chona Kasinger for NPR How nutcrackers became a symbol of Christmas Tourists are drawn to Leavenworth because of the Bavarian theme that's been adopted by all of the town's businesses — including the local McDonald's. toggle caption Chona Kasinger for NPR A 17-minute film produced by Wagner detailing the history of nutcrackers explains that before the book, nutcrackers were often shaped as kings and soldiers and believed to bring good luck and ward off evil. The business seized on the opportunity to introduce the brightly painted toys to a new market: American soldiers stationed in the German city of Hanover who wanted to take home a souvenir. toggle caption Chona Kasinger for NPR The key to a long life Days before her 101st birthday, Wagner surveyed her two-story kingdom from her designated stool near the museum's entrance. "This is where I can keep an eye on everything," she said, as she greeted a stream of families, handed out scavenger hunt checklists and made sure gift shop customers were being helped.

Link: https://www.npr.org/sections/shots-health-news/2025/12/09/nx-s1-5630892/nih-nci-breast-cancer-research-harvard-joan-brugge
Article: After NIH grant cuts, breast cancer research at Harvard slowed, and lab workers left toggle caption Robin Lubbock/WBUR Inside a cancer research laboratory on the campus of Harvard Medical School, two dozen small jars with pink plastic lids sit on a metal counter. In fact, they are present in the normal, healthy tissue of every breast sample her lab has examined, Brugge says, including samples from patients who've never had breast cancer but had surgery for other reasons such as breast reduction or a biopsy that was benign. toggle caption Robin Lubbock/WBUR The next research challenge for Brugge's lab is clear: find ways to detect, isolate and terminate the mutant cells before they have a chance to spread and form tumors. In April, her $7 million breast cancer research grant from the National Cancer Institute at the National Institutes of Health (NIH) was frozen, along with virtually all federal money awarded to Harvard researchers. In a budget message, the White House said the "NIH has broken the trust of the American people with wasteful spending, misleading information, risky research, and the promotion of dangerous ideologies that undermine public health." But Congress has other plans: The House budget plan includes a $48 million increase, which would bring the NIH budget to $46.9 billion. toggle caption Robin Lubbock/WBUR In the meantime, advocates like Mark Fleury with the American Cancer Society are reminding lawmakers that federally funded research is one reason the cancer death rate has declined 34% since the early 1990s and that some of the credit for that goes to federally funded research advances. "There are still cancer types that are fairly lethal, and there are still populations of people for whom their experience of cancer is vastly different from other groups." Sponsor Message Reductions in research funding will have a direct impact on treatment options for patients, Fleury said. For example, a 10% cut to the NIH budget would eventually result in two fewer new drugs or treatments per year, according to a projection from the Congressional Budget Office. "We can't say, 'But for that grant, that [specific] drug would not have come into existence,'" says Pierre Azoulay, a study co-author and a professor at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. toggle caption Robin Lubbock/WBUR Nowadays, she spends about half her time searching for new sources of funding, managing her remaining employees' anxieties and monitoring the most recent news about Harvard, the Trump administration, the NIH and other federal agencies that have experienced grant freezes, staff layoffs and other disruptions. "I really hope that those who have the opportunities to study this further can fill in those missing pieces in cancer research." Brugge is no longer accepting job applicants from outside the U.S., even if they are top candidates, because she can't afford to pay the Trump administration's new $100,000 fee on visas for foreign researchers. "I will definitely be concerned because we don't know what's going to happen in the future that might trigger a similar kind of action." Brugge has thought about shutting down her lab.

Link: https://www.washingtonpost.com/nation/2025/12/09/young-adults-religion-campuses-kirk/
Article: Conrad Murphy, the center’s chaplain, says the number of students who have converted to Catholicism in the past year is higher than it’s been at any time in at least the past 15 years. But since he got to the University of Maryland, Brant, a former high school football player, has wanted something more intense — worship services that are mostly prayer and less pop-music-sounding singing, and clear teachings on topics like abortion and gender. Brant’s search reflects a hidden trend religious and spiritual leaders say they are observing among younger Americans: Even as fewer and fewer young people consider themselves religious, a small percentage of young adults are practicing their faiths with unusual avidity. This cohort of people in their early 20s are rejecting both religion-by-habit (just doing whatever your parents did) as well as the secularism, skepticism and agnosticism that grew among their parents’ generations, religious experts say. And the examples of this surge, albeit anecdotal, are visible across faiths — including traditional brick-and-mortar worship of Catholicism, more Jewish college students attending the growing number of Chabad centers, and more esoteric spiritual practices such as Wicca-based full moon rituals and the West African system of divination called Ifa. This generation of Catholic parents, he said, doesn’t expect their children to go — “doesn’t even want them to!” But despite the religious indifference of their parents, “there’s always a line” at the campus center these days, Murphy wrote in an email. What Murphy says he hears from the students coming through the center’s doors is “a desire for deeper meaning, more authentic community (especially as compared to the online communities they have been exposed to) and a desire for truth.” Talk of surging interest among young people has taken on a political cast in recent months. Earlier this year, the killing of conservative activist Charlie Kirk, who spoke often of his Christian faith, led to extensive public celebration of Kirk as a martyr whose death would encourage people to deepen their commitment to their faith. President Donald Trump on Thanksgiving seemed to lend credence to this prediction, saying: “more people are praying, churches are coming back.” New data from the Pew Research Center does not support this idea of a revival. “The main thing about young adults is that they are way less religious than older people, full stop,” Gregory Smith, senior associate director of research at Pew, told The Washington Post. “Unless something changes, the demographic patterns in the data suggest the long-term declines in religion will continue.” Nevertheless, Gallup polls find worship attendance among adults under 30 is up from 19 percent in 2020 to 25 percent this year, and anecdotes abound that a subset of young people is collectively pursuing spirituality in a highly individualistic era. … Humans are constitutionally meaning-seeking, purpose-seeking.” Eric Doolittle, the chaplain at American University, who oversees the school’s Kay Spiritual Life Center, said all the religious and spiritual groups across campus are seeing more interest and involvement. Young adults are looking for deep connection points.” ‘Asking hard questions’ Dana Kang, a second-year Master’s student in mechanical engineering and renewable energy at the University of Maryland, grew up in a nonreligious family in Korea. Kang, 24, would sometimes join a friend at a Protestant church but was turned off by things the pastor said that even as a young child she saw as wrong — such as his belief that secular music is a sin, or his sharing of his political views. She started conversion classes in August after researching various faiths and listening to a popular YouTuber called Redeemed Zoomer, who gets millions of views for catchy, animated videos explaining aspects of religion. “Because the Catholic Church is the church Jesus Christ started, the teachings stay consistent over thousands of years, and in this world where everything else changes so quickly that’s one aspect I like. “That’s what’s leading to what I guess is a spiritual revolution.” On a recent Monday night, in a modest, industrial-style space on trendy U Street in Northwest Washington about 50 young adults, mostly women, gathered for the first of two “Core” classes run by Passion City, a popular evangelical megachurch based in Atlanta. The goal of the course was to ground newcomers in what teachers described as the core truths of Christianity — Jesus as fully human and fully God, the divinity of the holy spirit and Jesus’ death as a way to reconnect sinning Christians to God. “If you’re in a church that preaches: ‘Here’s five easy steps to be your best self,” something is wrong,” Jacob Harkey, formation director of Passion City in D.C., told the class. One of those people asking the hard questions is Gibson Murray, 23, a software engineer who said he had dabbled in atheism and nihilism until anxiety and depression made him desperate to explore Christianity more seriously.

Link: https://feeds.texastribune.org/link/16799/17227379/dallas-county-hand-count-2026-republicans
Article: Dallas County Republicans say they’re planning to go ahead with hand-counting tens of thousands of Election Day ballots cast in the upcoming March 3 primary after raising more than $400,000 towards the effort. The county GOP party also said more than 1,000 people have signed up to count the ballots in an effort that would make the county the largest jurisdiction in the country to hand-count results on Election Day. “Not only are the eyes of Texas upon us, but the eyes of America,” said Dallas County Republican Party Chairman Allen West, a former congressman, in a social media statement Friday. West said the effort is meant to “restore confidence in our electoral process.” That decision means all Dallas County voters will have to cast ballots at their assigned precinct rather than at countywide vote centers on Election Day. But Dallas County Democratic Party Chairman Kardal Coleman said the requirement to vote in precincts rather than countywide vote centers means the party will now need to secure more than the usual 450 locations for Election Day and the additional workers to staff them. “It’s already causing chaos and confusion.” The county Republican party also must secure a minimum of 360 polling locations with the required space needed to conduct the hand count — fewer than the Democrats because Republicans are the minority party in Dallas County. According to a 2024 primary election final cost report Votebeat obtained from the Texas Secretary of State Office through a public records request, Dallas County Republicans employed more than 1,400 workers on Election Day at a cost of more than $248,000. When Republicans in Gillespie County hand-counted more than 8,000 ballots during the March 2024 primary, the party days later found they’d made errors in the tally of 12 out of 13 precincts’ totals.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/democratic-governors-position-national-leaders-trump-ahead-midterms/story?id=128227672
Article: In a move to counter Texas House Republicans plan to redraw the state congressional maps ahead of the 2026 midterm elections, California Democrats took up a proposed constitutional amendment to temporarily redraw their own congressional maps, potentially creating five additional U.S. Riding recent polling momentum and a string of off-cycle electoral victories, Democratic governors descended into the Arizona desert over the weekend, talking like leaders of a party on the upswing -- even if a mood of anxiety lingered close under the surface, with direct attacks from the Trump administration on their states and on upcoming elections hanging in the balance. At the Democratic Governors Association’s annual Winter meeting at the Arizona Biltmore hotel in Phoenix, some of the brightest leaders of the party touted the "affordability" message that recently resonated with a coalition of voters across left-leaning New York City to suburban moderates in New Jersey and Virginia, while also sounding the alarm over a White House moving aggressively to tilt the rules of the road before 2026 and beyond. It could be early enough in the 2028 cycle for these Democrats -- some of the party’s most ambitious -- to start splintering, sharpening the differences amongst themselves ahead of a primary. Kayla Bartkowski/Getty Images “I think we had big wins this year, because our candidates recognize, I think -- what we recognize: that people aren't as political as many people think that they are,” Kentucky Gov. Andy Beshear, the new Chair of the DGA, said on Saturday, outlining the group’s plans to expand the gubernatorial map past the 23 seats they currently hold and reclaim the majority of governorships for the first time in nearly two decades. “I believe that if we continue to show the American people that we are for them, and we recognize the challenges that they face in the immediacy of them, that we understand that the American dream feels like it is unattainable… We'll start winning in places we haven't for a long time,” Beshear said. “We're going to flip some seats, some places that you expect us to compete like Georgia and Nevada, and places that you might not -- like Iowa.” Among the group of nearly 50 Democratic governors and gubernatorial candidates gathered in Arizona with some of the party's top donors and operatives, many who spoke with ABC News took various approaches to tackling hot-button party issues like redistricting and messaging on the economy and democracy. At a time when the Democratic Party struggles with identity issues that have contributed to a widespread loss of power, Democratic governors have proved to be a bright spot for the party; with their state-level executive leadership and expanding donor base acting as a unique barrier to Republican inroads. “What was fun this year was the enthusiasm -- not even just from the people across the two states (New Jersey and Virginia) -- but from our donor group and people interested. We've just seen a real growth in the number of business entities, advocacy groups were interested in what Democratic governors are doing and ensuring that we elect more Democratic governors,” outgoing DGA Chair Laura Kelly of Kansas said. “Any one of my colleagues would be a phenomenal candidate and would be able to beat who I think is going to be the standard bearer in the current vice president. “This organization can do extraordinary things when it has your back.” Newsom avoided a question about his own ambitions for 2028, instead moving to talk about the reality that President Donald Trump will still be the kingmaker in the next presidential race. Justin Sullivan/Getty Images “I still think that the competing narrative of Trump and his incapacity to get off that stage, even if he chooses not to run as he believes he's entitled to a third term, will confound that,” Newsom said. Their challenge now is to run two races at once: one against an administration that is not-so-subtly manipulating political terrain through redistricting and the issue of election integrity, and another against one another for relevance, donors, and position in the early architecture of 2028. So, I'm here in the spirit of 2026, not for any other reason, here at the DGA, and the imperative for the Democratic Governors Association to be part of that process of renewal and repair,” Newsom said. With some emphasizing it as a lens for a nationwide battle against the Trump administration, others leaned into it as a kitchen-table message to skirt larger rule-of-law and democracy issues that dominated elite Democratic politics. I mean, I don't know how the hell you can make a case for tariff policy, how the hell you can defend a mass deportation labor shortage in defense of an affordability agenda?... Eduardo Munoz Alvarez/Getty Images Some of the strongest recent Democratic performers, like Governor-elect Mikie Sherrill, who won her New Jersey race by drilling relentlessly into kitchen-table issues, signaled that the affordability lane is one Democrats should intend to keep clear. “What you have to say is, look, there is a tariff regime… enriching the President… and you're paying more for everything from your cup of coffee to the groceries you buy for dinner.” Democrats on offense Similar to other congressional races held this year, the Tennessee special election last week tilted sharply in the Democratic Party’s direction compared with the results of 2024. For Florida gubernatorial candidate David Jolly, a former Republican congressman who is running statewide for a seat that hasn’t been occupied by a Democrat in over 30 years, he’s looking at the Tennessee race and momentum from what’s expected to be a tight Miami Mayoral runoff race next week as an indicator that he might see success in 2026. Former Republican Congressman David Jolly, who is running for governor as a Democrat, speaks to the Miami Herald at Hilton Miami Aventura on Monday, June 2, 2025, in Aventura, Florida. “I think the Miami mayor's race has already impacted our governor's race because it affirmed the amount of change that's already there.” “What I get excited about in Florida, in a state where we are underwater by a million for voter registrations, we still have a third of the state who are independents, and we have disaffected Republicans. “Not waiting for Republicans to define us and being on the forefront of change for people across the entire country.” Barnes is also bullish on his support for redistricting in the state, something his predecessor, Tony Evers, has said he wouldn’t touch. In Iowa, gubernatorial candidate Rob Sand, the only statewide elected Democrat, said he’s been doing the work to bridge the gap between parties in his state so that he can unify the electorate.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/supreme-court-hears-major-challenge-campaign-spending-limits/story?id=128113121
Article: As candidates and political parties gear up for the 2026 midterm election campaign, the Supreme Court on Tuesday will consider whether long-standing legal limits on coordinated spending -- enacted to prevent corruption -- violate the First Amendment. Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images, FILE The coalition seeks to eliminate limits on the ability of parties, which often have a fundraising advantage over individual candidates, to more freely and directly finance TV ads and organizing efforts of candidates they favor. Oral arguments will take place before a Supreme Court that has been consistently skeptical of campaign finance regulations on free speech grounds, narrowing the scope of contribution limits and in 2014 famously rolling back caps on corporate campaign spending with the Citizens United decision. "The entire campaign finance system is built upon these limits." Congress in 1974 set limits on the amount of money American individuals, organizations and political parties can give directly to candidates, and the Supreme Court has upheld them as permissible protections against bribery in the electoral process. "If those contributions, which dwarf the base limits on [individual] contributions to candidates, are effectively placed at a candidate's disposal through coordinated spending, they become potent sources of actual or apparent corruption," argue attorneys for Public Citizen, a nonprofit voter advocacy group, in a brief to the high court. They say that because the Trump FEC is not going to enforce the rules, there is no injury to the parties involved and that Vance and Chabot are not even active candidates for office who would be affected by the coordinated spending limits. "One of the key functions of a political party is to make sure that its candidates will vote for the party’s platform once in office," the Republican committees tell the Supreme Court.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/tanzania-police-patrol-streets-national-holiday-ahead-planned-128232259
Article: Police have been deployed in mostly empty streets in Tanzania’s major cities ahead of planned protests FILE -Tanzania's President Samia Suluhu Hassan delivers remarks during a campaign rally ahead of the general elections in Iringa, Tanzania, on Oct. (AP Photo, File) NAIROBI, Kenya -- Police have been deployed in mostly empty streets in Tanzania’s major cities on Tuesday ahead of planned protests that the government has preemptively declared illegal, urging citizens to stay home for Independence Day celebrations in the Eastern African nation. The demonstrations lasted three days as protesters burned vehicles, polling stations and gas stations while calling for the cancellation of results declaring the reelection of President Samia Suluhu Hassan with more than 97% of the vote. Police trucks and officers on foot patrolled Tuesday morning in the commercial capital Dar es Salaam, the administrative capital Dodoma and the northeastern city of Arusha, while roadblocks were erected near key government installations including Hassan's heavily guarded offices in Dar es Salaam and Dodoma. The country’s two main opposition parties were barred from running a candidate to face Hassan, the former vice president who was elevated following the death in office of her predecessor, John Pombe Magufuli. Human Rights Watch on Monday decried a crackdown on Tanzanian activists, stating that at least 10 people have been arrested since mid-November following social media posts about the planned protests. Amnesty International also issued a statement Monday urging Tanzania to respect the right to peaceful assembly and warning against another internet shutdown like the one that lasted for over a week after the October election. High Commissioner for Human Rights on Friday asked Tanzanian authorities to “refrain from using force to disperse non-violent assemblies and make every effort to de-escalate tensions.” Dozens of Kenyan activists expressed solidarity with their Tanzania counterparts and urged the government to investigate killings and disappearances during the October demonstrations.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/zelenskyy-refuses-cede-land-russia-rallies-european-support-128232856
Article: Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy says his country will not cede territory to Russia Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy attends meeting with German Chancellor Friedrich Merz, British Prime Minister Keir Starmer, and French President Emmanuel Macron at 10 Downing Street, in London, Monday, Dec. (Toby Melville/Pool Photo via AP) Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy attends meeting with German Chancellor Friedrich Merz, British Prime Minister Keir Starmer, and French President Emmanuel Macron at 10 Downing Street, in London, Monday, Dec. (Toby Melville/Pool Photo via AP) ROME -- Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with the pope near Rome on Tuesday as he continued to rally European support for Ukraine while resisting U.S. Answering reporters’ questions in a WhatsApp chat, Zelenskyy reaffimed his firm refusal to cede any territory, saying that “we clearly don’t want to give up anything,” even as "the Americans are looking for a compromise today, I will be honest.” “Undoubtedly, Russia insists for us to give up territories,” he said in the message late Monday. According to Ukraine’s law, our constitution, international law, and to be frank, we don’t have a moral right either." The Ukrainian president met early Tuesday with Pope Leo XIV at Castel Gandolfo, a papal residence outside Rome, and is to have talks with Prime Minister Giorgia Meloni later. On Monday, Zelenskyy held talks in London with British Prime Minister Keir Starmer, French President Emmanuel Macron and German Chancellor Friedrich Merz to strengthen Ukraine’s hand amid mounting impatience from U.S. A major sticking point in the plan is the suggestion that Kyiv must cede control of the Donbas region of eastern Ukraine to Russia, which illegally occupies most but not all of the territory. In an exchange with reporters on Sunday night, Trump appeared frustrated with Zelenskyy, claiming the Ukrainian leader “hasn’t yet read the proposal.” Trump has had a hot-and-cold relationship with Zelenskyy since winning a second term, insisting the war was a waste of U.S. peace plan differs from earlier versions in that it now has 20 points, down from 28, after he said some “obvious anti-Ukrainian points were removed.” Starmer, Macron and Merz strongly backed Kyiv, with the U.K. leader saying Monday that the push for peace was at a “critical stage,” and stressed the need for “a just and lasting ceasefire.” Merz, meanwhile, said he was “skeptical” about some details in documents released by the U.S. “The coming days … could be a decisive time for all of us.” European leaders are working to ensure that any ceasefire is backed by solid security guarantees both from Europe and the U.S. Zelenskyy and his European allies have repeatedly accused Putin of slow-walking the talks to press ahead with the invasion as his forces are making slow buy steady gains while waves of missiles and drones are pummeling Ukrainian infrastructure. In Chuvashia, a region about 900 kilometers (about 560 miles) northeast of the border with Ukraine, the attack damaged residential buildings and injured nine people, local governor Oleg Nikolayev said in an online statement.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/09/us-attorneys-office-southern-district-of-texas-prosecutors-nvidia-chips-h200-h100-smuggle-china.html
Article: In a statement shared with CNBC, an Nvidia spokesperson said that export controls remain rigorous and that "even sales of older generation products on the secondary market are subject to strict scrutiny and review." "While millions of controlled GPUs are in service at businesses, homes, and schools, we will continue to work with the government and our customers to ensure that second-hand smuggling does not occur," the spokesperson said.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/09/ai-house-democrats-artificial-intelligence-washington-dc.html
Article: House Democrats are forming a commission on artificial intelligence to position themselves as leaders on the issue as AI companies train their focus — and campaign contributions — on Washington, D.C. The House Democratic Commission on AI and the Innovation Economy, set to begin meeting this month, will work with AI companies, stakeholders and congressional committees that oversee aspects of the sector to help develop policy expertise. AI companies are ramping up lobbying, opening offices close to the Capitol, and launching campaigns through a super PAC with at least $100 million to spend on the midterms elections in 2026. House Minority Leader Hakeem Jeffries, D-N.Y., in a statement shared with CNBC about the working group, said that Democrats are "ready, willing and able to lean into those issues so we can uplift the health, safety and economic well-being of the American people."

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/08/stock-market-today-live-updates.html
Article: Stock futures were little changed Tuesday morning, despite a bump in Nvidia shares after President Donald Trump approved H200 chip sales to China in a deal that gives the U.S. In after-hours trading, Nvidia climbed more than 2% following a Truth Social post Monday evening that said the chipmaking giant could ship its H200 chips to "approved customers" in China and elsewhere under the condition that a quarter of the sales will be paid to the U.S. Shares of Broadcom rose almost 3%, while Nvidia and Microsoft each added about 2%, on the back of a report from The Information that Microsoft is considering designing custom chips with Broadcom. "While a rate cut feels almost certain at this point, the Fed's economic projections and Chairman Powell's commentary will play a big role in how markets react — not only this week, but it could possibly set the tone for the remainder of the month," Bret Kenwell, U.S. "After the recent pullback in stocks and crypto, risk-on investors are hoping the Fed will grease the rails for a year-end rally rather than pour cold water on the recent rebound." Softer-than-expected September core personal consumption expenditures price index data released Friday had given stocks a boost last week. That brings up the key question: Will the Fed be able to strike an accommodative tone if these factors persist into 2026, or will its dual mandate keep the doves in check?" he said.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/9/israel-the-top-killer-of-journalists-worldwide-once-again-says-rsf-report?traffic_source=rss
Article: They were killed, targeted for their work.” Bruttin blamed the “failure” of international organisations to protect journalists in armed conflicts for the rise, a consequence, he said, of a global decline in the “courage of governments”. The killing of 43 percent of the 67 journalists that died in the past 12 months was carried out by the Israeli military in the besieged Gaza Strip, according to the press freedom group. The deadliest single attack in the enclave was a “double-tap” strike on a hospital in the south of Gaza on August 25, in which five journalists were killed, including Al Jazeera photographer Mohammad Salama, as well as contributors to Reuters and The Associated Press news agencies. Nearly 300 journalists and media workers have been killed by Israeli attacks in Gaza in 26 months of genocidal war – or about 12 journalists every month – according to a tally by Shireen.ps, a monitoring website named after Al Jazeera journalist Shireen Abu Akleh, who was shot dead by Israeli forces in the occupied West Bank in 2022. Israel has maintained its ban on foreign reporters in Gaza – unless they arrive in tightly controlled tours organised by the Israeli military – despite calls from media groups and press freedom organisations for access.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/sports/2025/12/9/turkiye-jails-footballers-baltaci-yandas-pending-trial-in-betting-probe?traffic_source=rss
Article: Anadolu said that among those detained in that operation, Galatasaray player Metehan Baltaci and Fenerbahce player Mert Hakan Yandas, as well as former Adana Demirspor President Murat Sancak, were now formally arrested and jailed. Anadolu reported Baltaci as telling the court that he had placed bets on a few matches when he was a youth team player and had not done so after he joined the Galatasaray first team. The net then widened with the arrest of eight people, including the chairman of a top-tier club, and the suspension of 1,024 players from all leagues, on whom the TFF imposed bans.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/news/us-news/royal-rangers-scouting-program-sex-abuse-christian-rcna247409
Article: Assemblies of God leaders have for decades urged local churches to adopt comparable safeguards for Royal Rangers troops, which are run by individual congregations both within and outside the denomination. Gilion Dumas, an Oregon attorney who has represented survivors of abuse in both scouting programs, said the Christian tenets guiding the Royal Rangers — which emphasize grace and second chances — can allow perpetrators to go unchecked. “But you can’t gamble with the safety of children.” ‘Pastors and Prey’: NBC News investigates sex abuse in Assemblies of God churches Part 1 : Assemblies of God church leaders allowed a children’s pastor to continue preaching for years after he was accused of sexually abusing girls. The General Council said churches participating in the Royal Rangers may voluntarily charter their outposts with the denomination’s national office — a step that gives them discounts on materials and inclusion on an online map, which lists about 400 troops. When pressed, denomination officials acknowledged that “the overwhelming majority of churches using Royal Rangers curriculum choose not to charter,” which means most troops aren’t required to affirm that they have adopted safety measures. It has also served as a legal defense, with the General Council repeatedly arguing in court that it can’t be held liable for abuse because it doesn’t control individual troops. Victor Vieth, a former child abuse prosecutor who works for the nonprofit Zero Abuse Project, said scouting programs are inherently high-risk because they attract perpetrators seeking access to children, and boys are less likely to disclose abuse. By failing to enforce stringent policies, Vieth said, the Assemblies of God has “lit a fuse.” “And on the other end of that fuse,” he said, “will be the sexual abuse of children.” The Royal Rangers launched in 1962 as a church-run alternative to the Boy Scouts — promising the same campfires and camaraderie, but with an evangelical mission. Royal Rangers founder Johnnie Barnes warned in the Assemblies of God’s Pentecostal Evangel magazine that “a new age is upon us,” one marked by “pleasure madness” and “moral indifference.” Unless godly men intervened, he wrote, boys “will be the victims of it.” His program promised to save them through discipline and Scripture. Ralph Wade Gantt and Todd Scott Clark were in their 20s when they led the Royal Rangers troop that Travis Reger attended at Albany First Assembly of God in Oregon. For many years afterward, Reger blocked out the panic he felt as he rolled onto his stomach to stop the assault — and the guilt of hearing Clark turn to the other boy instead. “I’m not going to say he encouraged it, but he was involved in trying to keep it quiet so that the great Assembly of God church’s reputation wouldn’t be sullied.” Again and again in the years that followed, the Albany church received complaints about Clark and Gantt — and again and again, Baker and other leaders kept letting the pair take boys on campouts and into their homes, according to lawsuits and interviews. At least 15 other boys also described being abused by the pair, ranging from being watched in the shower to being raped, according to an NBC News review of police records and lawsuits. Baker, still a pastor at the church, declined to be interviewed, saying in a text message that “the safety of the children involved in our programs is our top priority.” Shortly after Gantt and Clark were convicted in 1988 of abusing her two sons, Debra Dodson, a single mother, sued both men, the church and the national Assemblies of God organization, seeking $9 million in damages. Dodson told NBC News she had no idea that in between boxcar races and Bible lessons, the men were abusing her sons, who were about 10 and 12 at the time. Obtained by NBC News By filing one of the first Royal Rangers lawsuits to name the Assemblies of God’s national office as a defendant, Dodson had put the denomination on notice of dangers in its scouting program. The plaintiff, Hammar told a newspaper reporter, had conceded that the Assemblies of God “did not exercise supervision or control” over local Royal Rangers groups — a separation the church has fought to preserve ever since. As reports of sexual abuse mounted across its congregations, the Assemblies of God unveiled a solution in 1993: an educational program developed by Hammar called “Reducing the Risk.” Packaged in books, cassettes and VHS tapes, the initiative promised to teach churches how to prevent abuse while protecting themselves from liability. As a result, the pedophile or the child molester is migrating to the last institution where he can be placed in immediate contact with potential victims in an atmosphere of blind trust, and that’s the church.” But with no requirement, some Assemblies of God churches didn’t adopt the safety measures. The grooming and abuse continued for two years before Champion typed a letter to his pastor, Ken Draughon: “I do not know if I am the first person whom he has treated, or rather mistreated in this manner,” Champion wrote. Maggie Champion said she was heartbroken when her son, Brandon Champion, told her he’d been abused as a teenager — and furious when the local church failed to act on his report. Courtesy Brandon Champion “If you’ve actually read the Bible and you believe the things in there, I don’t know how you could let so many children and innocents come to victimization,” he said, “without taking some sort of affirmative action.” Tasked with preaching the word of God, Royal Rangers leaders sometimes conveyed far more nefarious messages. Around 2013, an Olney, Texas, troop commander warned a 6-year-old boy he'd been abusing that if he told anyone, he would kill the child’s family, according to the boy’s mother. The boy stayed silent, and for about two years, Royal Rangers leader Ryan Anthony Winner not only sexually assaulted the child but also recorded nude photos and videos of him, court records show. He was caught when an Australian undercover officer thousands of miles away from First Assembly of God in Olney discovered graphic photos of the boy in online albums Winner had labeled “My Son,” the records show. He explained his perverse code of honor to authorities, according to a criminal court filing: He never abused the boy during Sunday services because he didn’t want to taint the child’s relationship with God. The boy’s mother, whom NBC News is not naming to protect her son’s identity, filed a lawsuit alleging that Winner had a “propensity” for sexually abusing children, yet the Olney church placed him in a leadership position anyway. She settled with the church and the Assemblies of God’s North Texas district council, but she told NBC News she’s furious at the denomination for allowing decades of abuse without meaningful reform. The Assemblies of God’s national office has sought to be dismissed from recent lawsuits, arguing just as it had decades earlier that it holds no authority over Royal Rangers outposts — and therefore bears no responsibility for lives crushed by them. The Royal Rangers leaders manual says outposts “are encouraged” to implement safety guidelines, including background checks, requiring at least two adults at all events and reporting abuse allegations to authorities. Obtained by NBC News In a podcast interview last year, the Assemblies of God’s national leader described an influx of sex abuse litigation, including the Royal Rangers lawsuits, as a top challenge facing the denomination.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cdxeql929dgo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Two charged over Heathrow 'pepper spray' attack The incident resulted in the partial closure of the Central Terminal Area tunnel and the Terminal 3 car park Two men have been charged in connection with a suitcase robbery where what is thought to be pepper spray caused injuries at London's Heathrow Airport. Tyrone Richards, 31, and Anton Clarke-Butcher, 24, have both been charged with two counts of robbery and two counts of administering a noxious substance, HM Courts and Tribunal Service staff said.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/9/drc-accuses-rwanda-of-peace-deal-violations-as-m23-advances-in-the-east?traffic_source=rss
Article: The president of the Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC), Felix Tshisekedi, has accused Rwanda of violating a newly signed US-brokered peace deal, as the Kigali-backed M23 armed group pressed ahead with a rapid advance on a town near the border with Burundi. Tshisekedi told lawmakers on Monday that Rwandan forces had carried out attacks in several locations in South Kivu province in the days since he and his Rwandan counterpart, Paul Kagame, signed a peace accord in Washington, DC on December 4, aimed at ending years of conflict. “Despite our good faith and the recently ratified agreement, it is clear that Rwanda is already violating its commitments,” Tshisekedi alleged, claiming that the Rwandan army had carried out and supported attacks with heavy weaponry “on the very day after the signing”. Thursday’s signing of the accord, which saw both sides reaffirm their commitment to a United States- and Qatar-brokered agreement reached in June, was hailed by US President Donald Trump as a new chapter for the region, even as fighting continued. Clashes near Burundi border In eastern DRC, the M23 armed group has been advancing on the town of Uvira near the border with Burundi, the last major urban centre in South Kivu province yet to fall to the group, the AFP news agency reported. Fighting was also reported in the nearby town of Sange, situated between Uvira and Luvungi, with Reuters reporting that as many as 36 people were killed in apparent bomb or grenade attacks. On Monday, Burundi’s Ministry of Foreign Affairs condemned what it said was an attack by Rwanda on its soil near Cibitoke, a town bordering Rwanda and the DRC, which had wounded two people, including a 12-year-old child. “But this could not stop the advance of M23,” he said, adding that “disorganisation” between the DRC’s military and its allies was adding to the challenges of defending against the group. While Trump hailed the “miracle” agreement signed on Thursday, which includes an economic component intended to secure US supplies of critical minerals, observers were sceptical that it would bring peace.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/9/florida-lists-muslim-rights-group-cair-a-terror?traffic_source=rss
Article: In a separate post, DeSantis asserted that the Florida Legislature is “crafting legislation to stop the creep of Sharia law, and I hope that they codify these protections for Floridians against CAIR and the Muslim Brotherhood in their legislation”. DeSantis’s order asserted that CAIR was “founded by persons connected to the Muslim Brotherhood”, which, without offering evidence, the governor asserted was attempting to establish “a world-wide Islamic caliphate” and has direct links to Hamas. The order instructs Florida agencies to prevent the two groups and those who have provided them with material support from receiving contracts, employment and funds from a state executive or cabinet agency. However, President Donald Trump has ordered the start of a process to label the branches of the Muslim Brotherhood in Egypt, Lebanon and Jordan as “terrorist” organisations, citing their alleged support for Hamas. “From the moment Ron DeSantis took office as Florida governor, he has prioritised serving the Israeli government over serving the people of Florida,” CAIR and its Florida chapter said in a statement. He threatened to shut down every Florida college’s Students for Justice in Palestine chapter, only to back off when CAIR sued him in federal court.” Founded in 1994, CAIR has 25 chapters around the country. On Monday, it said DeSantis and Abbott are both “Israel First politicians” and asserted that their designations are intended to silence American Muslims critical of US support for Israeli war crimes.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/video/newsfeed/2025/12/9/millions-of-people-in-post-assad-syria-are-still-displaced?traffic_source=rss
Article: Millions of people in post-Assad Syria are still displaced NewsFeed Millions of people in post-Assad Syria are still displaced As refugees return to Syria, millions in the country remain displaced.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/politics/supreme-court/jd-vance-decision-2028-presidential-run-supreme-court-campaign-finance-rcna247619
Article: WASHINGTON — A high-stakes challenge to campaign finance restrictions being heard by the Supreme Court on Tuesday has the potential to fizzle because of Vice President JD Vance's reluctance to reveal whether he will run for office in 2028. Vance, who was among those challenging the spending limits in the case before the court this week, has been equivocal about his plans in various public remarks, most recently in an interview with NBC News last week. Roman Martinez, whom the court appointed to defend the restrictions when the Trump administration announced it would not do so, says the case is moot, meaning it should be dismissed and the current restrictions should remain in place. One of Martinez's key arguments, outlined in court papers, is that Vance, who originally challenged the regulations when he was a Senate candidate, no longer has a stake in the case because he is not currently a candidate, nor has he announced any intention to be one in the future. "Vice President's Vance's claim is now moot because he has repeatedly stated that he has no concrete plan in place to run for any particular office in 2028," Martinez said in an email. Vance is walking a delicate line as a presumptive heir to President Donald Trump, who faces a constitutional bar to seeking a third term, while also serving as his vice president. "I try to not wake up and ever think, ‘What does this mean for my future?’ I always try to think, ‘How can I do a good job right now,’ right?" he added. But I never want the focus on the future to come at the expense of this job." Noel Francisco, the lawyer arguing for the Republican challengers, who did not respond to a request for comment, addressed Martinez's arguments in a brief filed last week. Francisco rejected the contention that Vance's recent remarks mean the case is moot, saying Martinez would need to "prove Vance does not plan to campaign for federal office again." Martinez "has come nowhere close to doing so," he added. The restrictions at issue in the case were first enacted in 1971, but similar limits on rampant spending in elections have been undermined by subsequent court rulings, including the 2010 Citizens United v. The current limit varies based on the voting-age population in specific House or Senate elections; it can be as much as almost $4 million for Senate races and $127,000 for at-large House seats. A ruling in favor of Republicans would be likely to benefit their candidates more because Democrats have typically fared better in fundraising than the average Republican, meaning GOP candidates rely more on coordinated party expenditures. As a result of the Trump administration's change of position, the Federal Election Commission has sided with the challengers, saying it now agrees the restrictions violate the Constitution's First Amendment.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/video/new-economic-warning-signs-surface-despite-record-holiday-shopping-253932101819
Article: The 2025 holiday shopping season is already breaking records, but consumers are pulling back their spending at the same time, highlighting a greater divide in who’s spending record amounts of money this year.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/politics/elections/miami-republican-mayors-decades-office-grabs-tuesday-rcna247992
Article: Both have pitched themselves as clean breaks from past city politics and promise to address affordability issues, which looms especially large in South Florida, as it has done across the country. Higgins finished atop the 13-candidate field with 36% of the vote to González’s 19%, and the top two Democratic-affiliated candidates in the nonpartisan race combined for a majority of the vote. In an interview, Higgins pitched herself as tightly focused on quality-of-life issues like building more affordable housing, fixing permitting reform and upgrading city infrastructure, pointing to her tenure on the Miami-Dade County Commission and past work as the Peace Corps director in Belize. The two candidates discussed the issue at a debate CBS Miami hosted in November, when González said that he supports “rounding up people who commit crimes” but that immigration enforcement is “a federal issue.” González is a known commodity in the city, too. In media appearances and on the campaign trail, González has talked about fighting overdevelopment and backing DeSantis’ push to end homestead property taxes as a way to address affordability issues. Tuesday’s runoff comes with Democrats still enjoying their gubernatorial victories in New Jersey and Virginia last month, as well as other important election wins in states like Pennsylvania and Georgia. Results in the two governor’s races show the Democratic nominees made especially big gains compared with 2024 in heavily Latino municipalities, raising questions about whether Trump’s success in making inroads with those voters is durable for other Republicans. Florida Democrats have had little to boast about in recent years, with the longtime swing state turning noncompetitive at the presidential level in 2024, two years after DeSantis won re-election by a historic margin. But Tuesday’s election provides them with the possibility of something to hang their hat on, particularly as DeSantis and other Republicans have raised warnings about whether their party’s base will still turn out without Trump on the ballot. They can only win at the state level, in some areas, and now they’re going for cities, and we’re not going to allow that here in Miami.” Higgins told NBC News she welcomed the nationalization of the race, because it drives attention she hopes will ultimately lead to stronger turnout.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/world/asia/australia-launches-youth-social-media-ban-rcna246730
Article: More than 1 million social media accounts held by users under 16 are set to be deactivated in Australia on Wednesday in a divisive world-first ban that has inflamed a culture war and is being closely watched in the United States and elsewhere. Social media companies will have to take “reasonable steps” to ensure that under-16s in Australia cannot set up accounts on their platforms and that existing accounts are deactivated or removed. “With one law, we can protect Generation Alpha from being sucked into purgatory by predatory algorithms described by the man who created the feature as ‘behavioral cocaine,’” Communications Minister Anika Wells told the National Press Club in Canberra last week. “I’ve always referred to this as the first domino, which is why they pushed back,” Julie Inman Grant, who regulates online safety as Australia’s eSafety Commissioner, said at an event in Sydney last week. William West / AFP via Getty Images Social media companies will be responsible for enforcing the ban, paying fines of up to 49.5 Australian dollars (about $32 million) for serious or repeated breaches. All of the platforms have said they will comply, and some have taken action before the ban even takes effect, with Meta saying last month that it would start closing Instagram, Threads and Facebook accounts on Dec. “Disconnecting teens from their friends and family doesn’t make them safer — it may push them to less safe, less private messaging apps,” Snap said in a statement last month. The platforms also argue that young users may turn to new, unregulated apps that push them into darker corners of the internet or may try to circumvent the ban by using virtual private networks, or VPNs, which Australian teenagers do not dispute. What rankles many young Australians about the ban is what Noah Jones described as a lack of consultation on “legislation that specifically affects us.” Noah, 15, one of two teenagers suing the Australian government over the ban, said he and his peers have “solutions to all the negatives of social media.” “If we just got asked, we all could’ve worked it out,” he said in emailed comments. Wells, the communications minister, said that the center-left government would not be intimidated by legal challenges and that it “remains steadfastly on the side of parents.” Others are relieved by the ban, including Aalia Elachi and her father, Dany.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/who-is-mysonne-linen-ex-convict-appointed-zohran-mamdani-11179039
Article: Why It Matters Linen’s appointment highlights the evolving landscape of criminal justice reform and brings to the forefront questions about redemption, public safety and who gets to influence city policies. “It is both disheartening and deeply disturbing that individuals who are convicted felons and have a history of breaking the law are being given the opportunity to help shape the future of New York’s criminal justice system,” he told the New York Post. “This is a testament to our decades of work advocating on behalf of Black and Brown communities and our expertise in gun violence prevention, legislative advocacy and criminal justice reform,” it added. “We are building something different.” The 49-year-old was a rising rap star in the late 1990s when a Bronx jury found him guilty of being part of a group that robbed two cab drivers - on June 8, 1997, and March 31, 1998, according to the New York Daily News reporting at the time. He was sentenced to seven to fourteen years and paroled in July 2006, after serving seven years, the New York Post reported, citing the Department of Correction and Community Renewal. What People Are Saying John Chell, recently retired NYPD Chief of Department, told the New York Post: “It’s just another appointed adviser that has a questionable past, which is in line with some of his other recent appointees who were anti-police and establishment. The optics and reality here point to a potential erosion of public safety in New York City.” Eric Daugherty, a prominent pro-Trump media personality, posted on X: “NYC Mayor-elect Zohran Mamdani shocks supporters, appoints CONVICTED ARMED ROBBER to his public safety transition team.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/zelensky-defiant-on-trumps-peace-plan-land-concessions-no-legal-right-11178602
Article: "It's almost politically impossible for Zelensky to cede territories in the way the United States is asking him to," Jennifer Kavanagh, senior fellow and director of military analysis at the think tank Defense Priorities, told Newsweek Tuesday. This again rules out any idea that it would give up the Donbas region, which consists of the Luhansk and Donetsk oblasts that Moscow partially occupies, in exchange for peace. was trying to find a compromise and the Russia was insisting Kyiv give up territories, adding, "we don't want to cede anything." Kavanagh from Defense Priorities told Newsweek that surrendering territory is not something that Zelensky can sell to the Ukrainian people or its parliament. "Even if he said 'yes' and committed to it, there's no way that he could implement that, so it would be an empty promise." The reality is that Ukraine's battlefield situation is quite dire, as will be its economic situation if the European Union doesn't mobilize frozen Russian assets, and so if there is no deal in the near term, Ukraine will likely continue to lose territory, said Kavanagh. is asking them to give up and I think everyone knows that but given the political realities that Zelensky faces, that may be the only feasible option for him," Kavanagh added. And we don't have any moral right either." Jennifer Kavanagh, senior fellow and director of military analysis, Defense Priorities: "It's almost politically impossible for Zelensky to cede territories in the way the United States is asking him to. It's not something that he can sell to the parliament." What Happens Next Zelensky said that Ukrainian and European officials would work on the 20 points of the revised peace plan and that counter-proposals could be ready by Tuesday evening to be sent to Washington.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/young-pregnant-cat-shows-up-womans-step-what-follows-melts-hearts-11154617
Article: Marcia Iacono-Hazzard (@zzhomestead), 38, a pet groomer from Delaware, shared a video of a pregnant black-and-white cat arriving on her doorstep and later documenting the feline’s journey as she gave birth to five kittens. Then, one day when I was outside shaking the food another cat showed up instead, so I started feeding what I thought was a male cat with worms at the time.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/trump-admin-1-billion-airport-plan-raises-eyebrows-11178128
Article: The administration said $1 billion in funding will go toward creating more children’s play or exercise areas, adding mothers’ rooms or nursing pods, reconfiguring security checkpoints to include family screening lanes, and building sensory rooms for children with special needs, along with other "creative terminal projects that focus on enhancing the family travel journey." The Department of Transportation is also looking at ways to boost the number of healthy eating options available at U.S. But I'm going to tell you, we are going to begin, and, you know, in the…in the months and years ahead, we're going to see real results." The Trump administration also recently announced it was on track to upgrade core infrastructure in the U.S. Others also took issue with Duffy's recent comments on air travel dressing etiquette, when he called for travelers to "go back to an era where we didn’t wear our pajamas to the airport.” "I’m going to do pullups while wearing my Sunday finest? A lot better to get us moving in the right way." What People Are Saying Transport Secretary Sean Duffy said in a press release issued on Monday: “Bringing about a golden age in travel has to involve making the family travel experience happier and healthier. Secretary Duffy and I are working to ensure our airports set the standard for a future where healthy eating is part of daily life—travel days included.” What Happens Next The funding comes from the Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act’s Airport Terminal Program, which supports modernization projects at airports and air traffic control facilities nationwide.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/saudi-arabia-is-quietly-embracing-alcohol-11175228
Article: Saudi Arabia appears to be slowly and quietly rolling back its near-blanket bans on alcohol consumption, signaling perhaps another instance of the Kingdom’s strict religious edicts yielding to its push for international appeal. An “unmarked store” in the capital, Riyadh, has been discreetly selling alcohol to affluent foreigners, according to the New York Times, in violation of the rules that supposedly still govern the conservative state. The store is challenging to locate, with no online presence and its existence only shared by word of mouth, but the Times reports that alcohol can be sold to those in possession of “premium residency.” This recently created program, intended to attract foreign nationals in sought-after professions, allows holders to enjoy greater freedoms than the traditional expat for 100,000 riyals per year or 800,000 riyals for an unlimited stay ($26,600 to $213,000). Days later, Bloomberg, citing those with knowledge of the matter, reported that to be admitted entry and drink in the store, residents must prove they have a monthly salary of over 50,000 riyals, or $13,300. “This is certainly a notable shift if it will be followed up by more shops and a general change in policy,” said Toby Matthiesen, a political scientist specializing in the Middle East, Islam and Saudi politics. The location in Riyadh had in the past served diplomats, Matthiesen told Newsweek, who have been allowed to drink alcohol since 2024, when embassies were prohibited from importing their own liquor. And he said that this store now caters to others—though only the wealthy—does not itself signal a sea change in policy for the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia (KSA), given its singular location in the Diplomatic quarter, which in certain regards functions like an extraterritorial enclave with acknowledged exemptions to some local customs. But according to a report in France 24, citing anonymous sources familiar with the plans, two similar stores are soon set to open in the Kingdom, one in the port city of Jeddah and the other in Dhahran, located in a compound owned by the hydrocarbon giant Saudi Aramco. Matthiesen believes there could be pragmatic reasons for Saudi Arabia loosening some of its theologically grounded alcohol laws, telling Newsweek there has been “a vast black market for alcohol for decades in Saudi Arabia," and that this may "simply be a way to try and crack down on the black market and make some money.” But the change also appears to reflect an underlying current in Saudi politics. “It may signal a 'testing the waters,”’ said Matthiesen, “as KSA seeks to attract more foreign residents and position itself as an entertainment and tourism hub.” Saudi Arabia has been balancing religious conservativism with global expectations ever since opening the country up to international tourists in 2019, as it pursues a comprehensive strategy of economic diversification to prepare for a future where it can no longer rely solely on its natural resource endowment. The Kingdom has relaxed dress codes for foreign visitors, begun permitting mixed-gender dining, and aimed to position itself as a new cultural hub for westerners to enjoy sporting events, concerts and comedy festivals—which the ever more coveted tourist may be less inclined to attend without the promise of an alcoholic beverage. While no formal announcement has been made to update its longstanding alcohol ban, Andrew Leber of Tulane University said this is in line with the Kingdom’s past approach to such potentially impious reforms. “Allow relatively incremental changes under the surface without making a big announcement, giving them plausible deniability in case they want to pause or roll back the policy at some point.” Like the neighboring United Arab Emirates, a fellow petrostate on its own quest of economic diversification, Saudi Arabia may be gently reshaping its approach to alcohol as it attempts to court more foreign tourists and garner greater international appeal.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/judge-orders-release-karoline-leavitt-nephew-mom-after-ice-arrest-11178668
Article: Federal agencies have coordinated efforts to carry out widespread deportation actions, which have included nonviolent migrants, Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) recipients, and some green card holders and applicants. "The Department of Homeland Security will continue to work to remove all aliens illegally present in the country as quickly as possible." Pomerleau said his client arrived in the U.S. Karoline Leavitt, a native of New Hampshire, ran unsuccessfully for Congress in the state in 2022 before serving as a spokesperson for Trump's 2024 presidential campaign and later joining his White House team as his top communicator. "I made a mistake there, in trusting." What People Are Saying A Department of Homeland Security spokesperson previously told Newsweek: "ICE arrested Bruna Caroline Ferreria, a criminal illegal alien from Brazil. Under President Trump and Secretary Noem, all individuals unlawfully present in the United States are subject to deportation." Todd Pomerleau, Ferreira's attorney, told Newsweek in an interview on November 28: "Karoline's dad was with my client a few weeks before her detention at an event at Michael Jr.'s school. They were there together." What Happens Next With her release secured, Ferreira awaits further immigration proceedings while complying with periodic mandatory check-ins with ICE, as required under the bond conditions.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cd9zygpn81jo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Greater Manchester Police (GMP) said the man is an Afghan National and was arrested in the early hours of Sunday following a report of rape at a flat in Middle Hulton. GMP said the suspect has been charged with two counts of rape of a girl aged under 16, one count of sexual assault, and one count of assault by penetration. Ch Supt Helen Critchley, Bolton district commander, said: "This is a deeply concerning report, and our priority is supporting the two young girls and their families at this traumatic time. "We have acted quickly since this was reported to us in the last 48 hours, and we've been using all available resources to understand what has happened and help this case progress through court."

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/football/articles/cy5g01yr6qeo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: A move to Motherwell followed in 1965, where he continued to find the back of the net regularly - 89 times in 198 appearances - and won the Second Division title in 1968-69. He picked up several red cards during his time at Fir Park, but Celtic boss Jock Stein was not deterred from bringing Deans to Celtic in 1971, following the surprise 4-1 League Cup final defeat by Partick Thistle. He scored a hat-trick in the 1972 Scottish Cup final and the 1974 League Cup final, both in victories against Hibernian, but is also remembered for missing the crucial penalty in Celtic's 1972 European Cup semi-final shootout loss against Inter Milan.

Link: https://www.npr.org/sections/planet-money/2025/12/09/g-s1-101130/are-we-in-a-recession-maybe-professional-santas-can-tell-us
Article: In addition to sliding down chimneys to deliver presents on Christmas, Jolly Old Saint Nicholas takes gigs at places like malls, department stores, corporate events, and private parties in the weeks leading up to Dec. It got us wondering how the market for Santas fluctuates with the business cycle, which sectors of the Santa market are recession-proof, and whether a decline in Santa demand this season could be a sign that the U.S. The Grinch that stole Santa visits Mitch Allen is the founder and "Head Elf" at Hire Santa, an agency that provides Santas for holiday events around the nation and world (we talked to Allen in a past Planet Money newsletter). Since the end of the shutdown, the Trump administration has delayed and even canceled some economic reports, and we're now all sort of in the dark, trying to figure out what the heck the economy really looks like right now. But there are some candles illuminating what's going on — and this seeming decline of demand for Santa could be one small one suggesting that the overall economy is sleighing downward. They projected that hiring this holiday retail season would "fall to its lowest point since the recession-hit season of 2009." Sponsor Message Part of the story could be that holiday shopping is increasingly moving online, and brick-and-mortar retailers are struggling and maybe hiring less help. Likewise, Indeed Hiring Lab, which leverages the job site Indeed's large amount of data to provide insights about the labor market, recently reported they're also seeing bad news in the job market this season. "What we're seeing right now in seasonal hiring is kind of a microcosm of what we're seeing in the broader labor market, which is that things are cooling down, things are slowing down," says Cory Stahle, a senior economist at Indeed Hiring Lab. The National Bureau of Economic Research, the official body that calls recessions, defines a recession as "a significant decline in economic activity that is spread across the economy and lasts more than a few months" (listen to our Planet Money episode, "Recession Referees," for more about this). Hire Santa didn't officially launch until 2012 — after the Great Recession — and Head Elf Allen couldn't tell us much about the hard data on how Santa demand fluctuates over the business cycle. He says that many businesses use Santa appearances to "help drive traffic and associate their brand with Christmas." In this way, a store or mall paying for Santa to sit in a chair and converse with children could be seen as a kind of loss leader, a product or service that costs a company money as a way to attract more customers, nudge them to shop, and help their business make more money. You don't have to have 'em come to your home or office." Sponsor Message Indeed, that's a pattern that Allen believes he's seeing with a cursory look at his company's data. They may still be having parties but they're not having sort of blowout parties with Santa and other holiday characters there." Allen pointed to recent reports that companies are laying off workers and that consumer credit card debt is at an all time high.

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/12/09/nx-s1-5504109/texas-black-bear-population
Article: Here's how these Texas towns are coping toggle caption Carlos Morales/NPR ALPINE, Texas — In one of the most remote corners of Texas , Matt Hewitt is unlocking the door to a giant steel trap he's hoping will catch a black bear. Hewitt, a researcher at the Borderlands Research Institute , affiliated with Sul Ross State University, leads a group that captures and collars black bears to try and get an idea of just how many are roaming the mountains and desert stretches of Far West Texas. And although it's too soon to say exactly how many bears there are, Hewitt believes "there's more than people realize." Sponsor Message Historically, black bears were once the biggest predator to travel the region in large numbers, but overhunting and habitat loss led to their decline over several decades. But in recent years, the number of black bears in West Texas have been on the rise : sightings in the state have jumped from nearly 80 in 2020 to at least 130 so far this year, according to state data. toggle caption Carlos Morales/NPR toggle caption Carlos Morales/NPR But in West Texas, for all the celebration of the bears' return to the wilderness, there are challenges and concerns as bears have ventured into neighborhoods, gotten into yards and posed a threat to livestock and pets. "I don't mind the bears coming back, we don't want them wiped out, that's for sure," said Pam Clouse, who lives in Alpine, an area that's seen a number of bear encounters in recent years. "They're probably about 4, 500 pounds if I had to guess." toggle caption The Clouses feel like more can be done to ease residents' concerns over bears wandering onto their property. "But there's got to be some type of control." toggle caption Carlos Morales/NPR Learning to live with bears In states like Montana and Colorado , residents have adapted to living with bears by installing bear-resistant dumpsters and trash bins and, in some cases, installing alarm systems or sprinklers — things to try and startle bears. During the late summer and fall months, as black bears prepare to den, they're looking to eat as much as possible, and they'll go through great lengths to consume the 20,000 daily calories they're after. "So, number one, they can smell food when you and I would never have a clue." Skiles was at Big Bend National Park when black bears made their return there in the late 1980s. Today, Skiles said, those measures have gone a long way in reducing the possibility of bear-human conflict in the Chisos Mountains, one of the most popular corners of the park. Wildlife conservationists here say it's likely because the land has reached what they call "carrying capacity." Sponsor Message "And when you're over carrying capacity, there's not [enough] resources on the natural landscape for those animals," explained Krysta Demere, a wildlife biologist with the Texas Parks and Wildlife Department. "So, then they begin to move out and search for new food sources." Part of Demere's job is to help people across West Texas get ready to live with bears, something they haven't experienced in well over 80 years. "That means there's not a generation alive today that's had to live with [the] black bear before." But the next generation in Alpine and the ones after that will likely grow up knowing this place, once again, as bear country.

Link: https://www.washingtonpost.com/nation/2025/12/09/ai-police-suspect-sketch-arizona/
Article: After a late November shooting in a Phoenix suburb, police released an apparent mug shot of their suspect — a middle-aged man wearing a hoodie and beanie with a goatee — and appealed to the public for tips. It came with a warning: “This AI-generated image is based on victim/witness statements and does not depict a real person.” The Goodyear Police Department’s computer-generated image of their shooting suspect almost looks like a photo. But the Goodyear officer who usually draws sketches of suspects — and is now responsible for using AI to re-create them — has endorsed AI image generators as a powerful and attention-grabbing police tool. He isn’t often called on to pick up his pen — Bonasera produces between five to seven sketches each year — but the practice remains an important investigative tool when police have no good surveillance images of a suspect, he said. Earlier this year, Bonasera fed some of his old sketches into ChatGPT and was struck by lifelike images generated by the AI, which he said resembled the real suspects the sketches had been matched to. He said he sought approval from department leaders and the Maricopa County Attorney’s Office and, in April, used AI for the first time to generate a suspect image in an attempted kidnapping case that police shared to the public. “We are hopeful that these new techniques and AI technology will assist in solving more complex cases in the future, here in Arizona and around the country,” the department wrote at the time. Bryan Schwartz, an associate clinical professor of law at the University of Arizona who studies the use of AI images in law enforcement, said he has not encountered any other American police departments using AI to generate suspect images. In July, the Westbrook Police Department in Maine confessed to an AI image snafu after posting an image of evidence from a drug bust that had been altered by ChatGPT. An officer had used the chatbot’s image editing capabilities to add a police department seal to the photo, and did not realize that ChatGPT also distorted the image in the process, WMTW reported. (The Washington Post has a content partnership with OpenAI, the creator of ChatGPT.) Police departments relying on AI image generators for suspect sketches could be vulnerable to biases in their training data, Schwartz said. “That they were really good at creating White faces and not as good at creating some of other races.” Andrew Ferguson, a professor of law at George Washington University, said that while an AI-generated image may seem more lifelike, it’s not necessarily more reliable than a drawing produced by a person. If sketches lead to a case that goes to trial, forensic artists often have to defend their work in court, and it’s harder to interrogate the decisions of an AI tool than a human. “In court, no one knows how the AI works.” Both Schwartz and Ferguson added that depicting a suspect using hand-drawn sketches based on witness testimony already carries flaws that could be magnified by using AI. “Adding AI to the process does not fix the problem.” Bonasera said he asks detailed questions to inform both his hand-drawn sketches and the AI images he generates from them and reviews the process with his witnesses, who sign off on the images.

Link: https://feeds.texastribune.org/link/16799/17227406/greg-abbott-schools-property-tax-cut-election-2026
Article: FORT WORTH — Texas lawmakers have gone big to rein in the state’s property taxes, spending tens of billions of dollars toward reducing the annual bill homeowners and businesses pay each year to help pay for schools. “The governor’s proposals promise to radically improve the tax system’s affordability and predictability by limiting local spending growth, protecting homeownership, and empowering everyday Texans to hold tax cut elections,” said James Quintero, policy director at the conservative Texas Public Policy Foundation’s Taxpayer Protection Project. “With the governor’s plan in place, Texans will finally be able to breathe easy.” However, tax policy experts spanning the political spectrum are skeptical that Abbott’s pitch is realistic — or would meaningfully bring down the state’s high tax bills. “This is basically a collection of the worst types of policies meant to constrain property taxes,” Adam Langley, associate director of tax policy at the Lincoln Institute of Land Policy, said of Abbott’s platform. “The negatives here definitely outweigh the positives, and there are a lot of good policy options out there that are missing as well.” Cutting property taxes has proven a tricky task for state lawmakers. Nonetheless, Texans pay among the highest property taxes in the country, in part because the state doesn’t have an income tax and cities, counties and school districts rely heavily on property taxes to pay for public schools, police officers and firefighters among other public services. Eliminating school taxes for homeowners is the cornerstone of Abbott’s proposal — and expensive Perhaps the most eye-popping proposal in Abbott’s platform: allowing Texas voters to decide whether to abolish school property taxes on homeowners, a goal long pursued by the state’s diehard conservatives. In November, Texas voters expanded the state’s homestead exemption, or the amount of a homeowner’s primary residence’s value that can’t be taxed to pay for public schools, from $100,000 to $140,000. Replacing all school property taxes would have cost the state $39.5 billion in tax year 2023 alone, the Legislative Budget Board, a joint legislative committee that helps lawmakers write the state’s budget, said last year. Had those measures been in effect last year, the owner of a typical Texas home, valued at $302,000, according to Zillow, would have saved more than $500 on their 2024 school taxes, according to a Tribune calculation. For every six or seven dollars the state will spend in the next two years, one will be spent on cutting property taxes, a figure that has some budget wonks and even some Republicans worry may not be financially sustainable. Abolishing school property taxes for homeowners may be part of Abbott’s platform “for the purpose of messaging, but is not a realistic proposal,” said Shannon Halbrook, a fiscal policy expert at Every Texan, a left-leaning policy nonprofit. But school districts collected about $17.5 billion in taxes from owners of single-family homes in tax year 2023, according to an analysis by the Texas Taxpayers and Research Association, a business-backed group that lobbies for tax cuts. Abbott says hiking sales taxes to pay for property tax cuts is off the table A push by Abbott and other GOP officials to drastically hike the state sales tax to pay for property tax cuts in 2019 went down in flames. Texas would have had to more than double the state’s sales tax rate to replace all school property taxes in tax year 2023, another Texas Taxpayers and Research Association calculation found. That’s what state lawmakers have done the past two years to pay for tax cuts, drawing on surpluses created with tens of billions of federal COVID-19 pandemic dollars and higher-than-usual growth in sales taxes fueled by inflation. “The Legislature can and may choose to cut schools, health care, worker pay, infrastructure or any other items to balance the budget.” Disclosure: Every Texan, Texas Public Policy Foundation and Texas Taxpayers and Research Association have been financial supporters of The Texas Tribune, a nonprofit, nonpartisan news organization that is funded in part by donations from members, foundations and corporate sponsors.

Link: https://feeds.texastribune.org/link/16799/17227407/texas-ken-paxton-nonprofit-immigrant-investigations
Article: See our AI policy , and give us feedback Attorney General Ken Paxton’s recent crusade against nonprofit organizations has been turbocharged by a flurry of favorable court rulings validating his use of a nearly 150-year-old state law to demand a company’s internal documents, and move to shut them down if they don’t comply. Over the last two years, Paxton has launched investigations into at least a dozen companies, mostly immigrant-serving nonprofits, claiming they were breaking the law, or in some cases, their own corporate charters. What two key Texas courts and a federal appeals court have said, though, is that Paxton has wide authority to demand internal corporate records and file lawsuits to revoke a company’s right to do business in Texas if he believes they are violating the law. Instead, organizations targeted by Paxton’s probes — including Annunciation House, the migrant shelter network, and Jolt Initiative, a Latino voter engagement nonprofit — are scrabbling together funds and pro bono support to defend themselves individually against his claims. “Nonprofit organizations should all be prepared to face increased scrutiny and understand that they can be targeted for any reason or no reason whatsoever.” The strategy was thrown into relief last month by Paxton’s latest legal maneuver against Jolt, which has been operating under state scrutiny for more than a year after a Fox News host alleged the group was registering undocumented immigrants to vote. But before the group’s leaders could breathe a sigh of relief, Paxton filed a new lawsuit, asking a Tarrant County judge to revoke Jolt’s charter and shut down the organization entirely. Continuing to battle these claims has forced Jolt to lay off staff, scale back operations and do damage control with volunteers and donors, the group said in a new federal lawsuit. I will make sure they face the full force of the law.” A strategy is born In February 2024, three lawyers from the Texas Office of the Attorney General showed up at Annunciation House, claiming the El Paso-based group was operating illegal migrant “stash houses.” They brought with them an order to turn over business records and documents to the state, known as a “request to examine.” This century-old statute grants the attorney general wide-ranging access to records related to any business operating in Texas. The statute was designed by the framers of Texas’ constitution, who were wary of big business and wanted tools to hold banks and railroads accountable, said Randall Erben, a professor at the University of Texas School of Law and former aide to Gov. “A request to examine is just an extension of that historical authority that the framers gave the attorney general to look after corporations and make sure they were complying with Texas law,” Erben said. The attorney general’s office granted them 24 hours, stressing in legal filings that the statute requires documents be handed over “immediately.” “It is well-established that courts must give statutory words their ‘common, ordinary meaning unless a contrary meaning is apparent from the statute’s language,’” Paxton wrote in a filing. “And here, the common ordinary meaning of ‘immediately’ is that OAG must be given access to the records right away.” When a judge temporarily blocked the request, the AG’s office moved to revoke the group’s charter. Paxton demanded information related to manufacturing defects, as well as the company’s diversity, equity and inclusion programs, so he could see “whether those commitments are unlawful or are compromising the company’s manufacturing processes.” Spirit sued, saying that requiring companies to comply “immediately” amounts to unreasonable search or seizure. Magistrate Judge Mark Lane pointed out that this was contradictory to the office’s claims in the Annunciation House case, leaving companies that were served one of these requests to rely on the “grace of the Attorney General” in deciding how quickly to comply. During the hearing, Judge Stephen Higginson harped on the agency’s changing interpretation of the word “immediately,” noting the expansive interpretation when dealing with a multinational corporation versus the punitive approach to a small nonprofit. A strategy is validated After a state judge rejected Paxton’s effort to examine Annunciation House’s documents and shutter the organization, the attorney general’s office appealed directly to the Texas Supreme Court. “Framed that way, our answer — that the attorney general may do so — should sound rather unremarkable.” The justices also tackled the question of whether “immediately” really meant “immediately” in the request-to-examine statute. If the state Supreme Court interpreted the statute to allow time to take the request to a judge before complying, the 5th Circuit said it was satisfied that the statute was constitutional. He did not need to prove his suspicions before filing the lawsuit — the court “must accept as true the allegations in the State’s petition,” the 15th Court ruled, because “no statute, rule or case law explicitly requires the state to verify its petition or support it with evidence.” Powered by People, a voter registration group founded by former El Paso Congressman Beto O’Rourke, spent more than $400,000 defending itself against a request-to-examine and corporate charter action brought by Paxton’s office.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/7-civilians-killed-thousands-displaced-amid-thailand-cambodia/story?id=128233661
Article: A resident shows the damages to a house suspected to have been caused by Cambodian artillery shells during clashes along the Thai-Cambodia border in Thailand's Sa Kaeo Province on Dec. LONDON -- At least seven civilians have been killed and approximately 20 others have been injured in Cambodia amid renewed border clashes with neighboring Thailand, according to the Cambodian Ministry of National Defense. This week's Thai attacks, which stem from a long-running border dispute between the two Southeast Asian nations, have also forced more than 20,000 from their homes in several communities, the Cambodian ministry said, along with destroying infrastructure, damaging temples disrupting public services. Sarot Meksophawannakul/THAI NEWS PIX/AFP via Getty Images "In addition to these major impacts, further tragedies and damages continue to unfold, as the Thai military has launched various types of long-range munitions into Cambodian civilian settlements located up to 30 kilometers from the border," the ministry said in a statement on Tuesday. Opposing troops had been "firing BM-21 multiple-launch rockets and employing bomb-dropping drones and kamikaze drones targeting our bases and defensive positions across several battlefronts" near the border, the army said.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/video/banjo-gaining-popularity-after-viral-video-128234703
Article: The banjo is gaining popularity after viral video The banjo is enjoying a resurgence in popularity, due in part to one epic player who's now going viral for her unique take on the country music staple.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/georgia-okeeffes-views-new-mexico-desert-preserved-conservation-128234503
Article: A new conservation plan would preserve pristine desert vistas beside the longtime home of 20th century painter Georgia O’Keeffe and ensure visitors continued access to a spiritual retreat, along with winter pasture for livestock Georgia O'Keeffe's views of the New Mexico desert will be preserved with conservation plan In this photo provided by Jonathan Hayden is the Ghost Ranch landscape, on July 18, 2025, near Abiguiu, N.M. -- A new conservation agreement will preserve land with breathtaking desert vistas that inspired the work of 20th century painter Georgia O'Keeffe and ensure visitors access to an adjacent educational retreat, several partners to the pact announced Tuesday. Initial phases of the plan establish a conservation easement across about 10 square miles (26 square kilometers) of land, owned by a charitable arm of Presbyterian Church (U.S.A.), on the outskirts of the village of Abiquiu. “The stark colorful geology, the verdant grasslands going right down to the Chama River and Abiquiu lake -- all that just makes it such a multifaceted place with tremendous conservation value,” said Jonathan Hayden, executive director of the New Mexico Land Conservancy that helped broker the conservation plan and will oversee easements. Land within an initial easement has been the backdrop to movie sets for decades, including a recreation of wartime Los Alamos in the hit 2024 film “Oppenheimer, ” on a temporary movie set that still stands. An approved $920,000 state award is being set aside for easement surveys, transaction costs and a financial nest-egg that the Presbyterian Church Foundation will use — while retaining property ownership — to support programming at the adjacent Ghost Ranch Education & Retreat Center and its use of the conservation area. The center attracts about 10,000 visitors a year to overnight spiritual, artistic and literary retreats for people of all faiths, with twice as many day visitors, said center CEO David Evans. Two initial phases of the conservation plan are part of a broader plan to protect more than 30 square miles (78 square kilometers) of the area through conservation easements and public land transfers, with the support of at least one wildlife foundation.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/wireStory/kevin-stefanski-andy-reid-make-head-scratching-fourth-128234178
Article: Kevin Stefanski has chosen Shedeur Sanders as the Cleveland Browns' starting quarterback for the season's final stretch Tennessee Titans quarterback Cam Ward, left, and Cleveland Browns quarterback Shedeur Sanders (12) greet each other after an NFL football game in Cleveland, Sunday, Dec. He was on the sideline Sunday when the Browns were going for a 2-point conversion to tie their game against Tennessee with a minute remaining after Sanders had just engineered his fourth touchdown drive and thrown for nearly 400 yards. Sanders rallied the Browns (3-10) from a 31-17 deficit with two late touchdowns, but after running it in for a 7-yard touchdown, he fumbled the exchange from backup center Luke Wypler, who had replaced starter Ethan Pocic (Achilles) in the third quarter. Stefanski, the Browns' sixth-year head coach, took responsibility for the failed 2-point play at the end but he didn't explain why he chose to run the Wildcat with the game on the line rather than leaving in Sanders, who threw for three touchdowns and ran for another in his best game of the three he's started.. Sanders, who fell to the fifth round in the draft after being projected as a top Day 1 pick, threw for 364 yards, the second-most by a quarterback picked 144th overall or later since 1966. One of the biggest blunders came from the league's winningest active head coach, Kansas City's Andy Reid, who inexplicably went for it on fourth-and-1 from the Chiefs' 31 in a game that was tied at 10 with just under 11 minutes remaining. After reaching the Super Bowl five times in the last six years, winning three times, they’ll need to win out and get a lot of help just to reach the playoffs. The Chargers are very much alive in that battle.” The Chargers beat the slumping Philadelphia Eagles 22-19 Monday night to stay two games behind the Broncos, whom they play in their regular season finale in Denver next month.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/wireStory/pacers-coach-rick-carlisle-closing-1000-wins-moment-128234151
Article: He'll become the 11th coach in NBA history to reach that milestone, joining Gregg Popovich, Don Nelson, Lenny Wilkens, Jerry Sloan, Pat Riley, George Karl, Doc Rivers, Phil Jackson, Larry Brown and Rick Adelman. And, more tough games coming.” He sounded the same — focused, direct, matter-of-fact — after a game between two sub-.500 clubs as he did last season when the Pacers were contending for a title. Getting to the 1,000-win mark is a capper to a 2025 worth savoring for Carlisle, who took the Pacers to the NBA Finals last spring before they fell to the Oklahoma City Thunder in a Game 7 that still has a pronounced effect on the team. His teams play a clear identity, stay in character through all the ups and downs.” This era of NBA basketball could basically be called the 3-point era, with teams shooting more and more of them each year. The Houston Rockets under Mike D'Antoni shot a billion of them and the Golden State Warriors with Stephen Curry — who has more 3s than anyone in NBA history — are surely part of the 3-point craze across all levels of basketball as well. But no NBA coach has seen his teams make more 3s than Carlisle, who was a knockdown shooter himself as a kid in upstate New York, then at Maine, then at Virginia, then the NBA. To be somebody that has the experiences that he has, that’s very impressive that he’s been able to evolve and be a trendsetter even as he’s been one of the longest-tenured people in the NBA.” The next coach to get to 1,000 after Carlisle gets there should be Miami's Erik Spoelstra, who just crossed the 800-win threshold so he's clearly a few years away. And after that, it might be a long while before someone else joins Club 1,000: Besides Spoelstra, the only current NBA coach with more than 500 wins is Golden State's Steve Kerr.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Business/wireStory/federal-reserve-set-cut-rate-signal-pause-128234226
Article: The Federal Reserve faces an unusually contentious meeting this week that will test Chair Jerome Powell’s ability to corral the necessary support from fellow policymakers for a third straight interest rate cut FILE - A seal is seen before Federal Reserve Chairman Jerome Powell walks out to speak during a news conference following the Federal Open Market Committee meeting, Sept. (AP Photo/Jacquelyn Martin, File) FILE - A seal is seen before Federal Reserve Chairman Jerome Powell walks out to speak during a news conference following the Federal Open Market Committee meeting, Sept. (AP Photo/Jacquelyn Martin, File) WASHINGTON -- The Federal Reserve faces an unusually contentious meeting this week that will test Chair Jerome Powell's ability to corral the necessary support from fellow policymakers for a third straight interest rate cut. The divisions have been exacerbated by the convoluted nature of the economy: Inflation remains elevated, which would typically lead the Fed to keep its key rate unchanged, while hiring is weak and the unemployment rate has risen, which often leads to rate cuts. “And the committee kind of likes to work by consensus, but this is a situation where that consensus is hard to reach.” The debate, which has also been fueled by a lack of official federal data on employment and inflation during the government shutdown, could be a preview of where the Fed is headed after Powell's term as chair ends in May. Fed Governor Christopher Waller, for example, has said that in the case of a 7-5 vote, if just one official changed their view, it could bring about a significant shift in Fed policy. For now, however, most economists expect what's called a “hawkish cut” — the Fed will reduce rates, while also signaling that it may stand pat for some time to assess the economy's health. Fed governor Stephen Miran, who was hurriedly appointed to the Fed's board by Trump in September, will likely dissent for a third straight meeting in favor of a larger, half-point reduction in the Fed's key rate. 28-29, several policymakers said they would prefer to keep rates unchanged at the December meeting, leading Wall Street investors to briefly downgrade the odds of a third rate cut to less than 30%. But then John Williams, president of the New York Fed, said that this year's uptick in inflation appears to be a temporary blip driven by Trump's tariffs that would likely fade by the middle of 2026. “Members of the committee, my instinct is, are wanting to underscore their support for Powell.” Powell has come under relentless attack from Trump, who just last month said he would “love to fire his ass” and called Powell “this clown.” The Fed is required by Congress to seek low inflation and maximum employment, two goals that are potentially in conflict.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Business/wireStory/people-crowdfunded-essential-2025-gofundmes-year-end-report-128234502
Article: More people are turning to GoFundMe for help with basic needs such as housing and food More people crowdfunded for essential needs in 2025, according to GoFundMe's year-end report FILE - GoFundMe CEO Tim Cadogan attends the Time100 Gala, celebrating the 100 most influential people in the world, at Frederick P. In the United States, the self-published report comes at the end of a year that has seen weakened wage growth for lower-income workers, sluggish hiring, a rise in the unemployment rate and low consumer confidence in the economy. And what is interesting is that people do step up and support folks in those situations.” Among campaigns aimed at addressing broader community needs, food banks were the most common recipient on GoFundMe this year. The platform experienced a nearly sixfold spike in food-related fundraisers between the end of October and first weeks of November, according to Cadogan, as many Americans' monthly SNAP benefits got suddenly cut off during the government shutdown. These uses suggest that online crowdfunding has come a long way from its roots as a way for entrepreneurs to raise money for their artistic or business endeavors, according to University of Toronto postdoctoral researcher Martin Lukk. Lukk, who studies economic inequality and co-authored a book about the “unfulfilled promise of digital crowdfunding," said the findings act somewhat as a “barometer of where things are at in terms of desperation.” “When there’s no other net to catch people, I think GoFundMe is where they often end up,” Lukk said. At the end of a year that began with the Los Angeles wildfires that struck Cadogan's community of Altadena, the GoFundMe CEO said he is “blown away” by the power of help.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Technology/wireStory/australias-social-media-ban-leaves-15-year-worried-128233949
Article: (AP Photo/Rick Rycroft) MELBOURNE, Australia -- Riley Allen, a 15-year-old schoolboy living on an Outback sheep ranch, doesn’t know how he’ll keep in touch with his circle of far-flung friends once Australia's world-first social media ban takes effect on Wednesday. While the law allows parents no discretion to allow their children to hold social media accounts, Allen said there was a role for parents in regulating their children’s social media use. “From that, he’s learned to use it a more responsibly.” Riley, who turns 16 in April, said he understood the ban’s objectives, but there are other ways to achieve them. The parents’ group Heaps Up Alliance, which lobbied for the social media age restriction, backs the theory behind the blanket ban that “when everybody misses out, nobody misses out.” Before Parliament passed the ban last year, more than 140 Australian and international academics with expertise in fields related to technology and child welfare signed an open letter to Prime Minister Anthony Albanese opposing a social media age limit as “too blunt an instrument to address risks effectively.” Noah said the ban would lead to young Australians swapping from age-restricted platforms to more dangerous, less regulated options. We wouldn’t even know what else we could do.” His mother, Renee Jones, is also involved in the court case as her son’s litigation guardian, because as a child he can’t make legal decisions himself. Digital Freedom Project president John Ruddick, who is also a state lawmaker for the minor Libertarian Party, said he had initially intended to apply for a court injunction in a bid to prevent the ban taking effect on Wednesday.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Technology/wireStory/google-facing-new-antitrust-probe-europe-content-ai-128234500
Article: The European Union is investigating Google for potential antitrust violations related to its AI models Google facing a new antitrust probe in Europe over content it uses for AI FILE -This is the Google logo on a building in New York, Oct. Puskar, File) LONDON -- Google faces fresh antitrust scrutiny from European Union regulators, who opened an investigation Tuesday into the company's use of online content for its artificial intelligence models and services. The European Commission, which is the 27-nation bloc's top antitrust enforcer, said it's examining whether Google has breached competition rules through its use of content from web publishers as well as material uploaded to YouTube for AI purposes. Regulators are concerned that Google has given itself an unfair advantage by using content for two search services, AI Overviews and AI Mode, without paying publishers or letting them opt out. “Europeans deserve to benefit from the latest technologies and we will continue to work closely with the news and creative industries as they transition to the AI era.” The Commission, which is the bloc's executive arm, is carrying out the investigation under the EU's longstanding competition regulations, rather than its newer Digital Markets Act that was was drawn up to prevent Big Tech companies from monopolizing online markets. "AI is bringing remarkable innovation and many benefits for people and businesses across Europe, but this progress cannot come at the expense of the principles at the heart of our societies," Teresa Ribera, the commission’s vice president overseeing competition affairs, said in a statement. “This is why we are investigating whether Google may have imposed unfair terms and conditions on publishers and content creators, while placing rival AI models developers at a disadvantage, in breach of EU competition rules.” Brussels has no deadline to wrap up the case, which could result in sanctions including a fine worth up to 10% of the company’s annual global revenue.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/09/ukraine-at-critical-moment-in-war-european-allies-ramp-up-russia-pressure.html
Article: Wiktor Szymanowicz | Future Publishing | Getty Images Ukraine's European allies on Monday said that the war is at a "critical moment" as President Volodymyr Zelenskyy said his country is preparing to share a revised peace plan with the U.S. Prime Minister Keir Starmer, German Chancellor Friedrich Merz and French President Emmanuel Macron in London as the European leaders scrambled to ensure that Ukraine's territorial integrity and future security are not compromised in the face of growing U.S. In a statement following the meeting, Starmer's office said the leaders had discussed "the importance of the U.S.-led peace talks for European security" and supported the progress made so far. "The leaders agreed that, while diplomatic efforts continue, Europe must stand with Ukraine, strengthening its ability to defend against relentless attacks." Starmer, Merz, Macron and Zelenskyy also discussed "positive progress" that had been made on using frozen Russian assets to support Ukraine's reconstruction. The European Commission, the executive arm of the EU, last week proposed using cash from the balances of European financial institutions holding frozen Russian Central Bank assets to support Ukraine with a "Reparations Loan." It also tabled borrowing the funds from international markets, offering member states an alternative to using Russian capital. "The leaders all agreed that now is a critical moment and that we must continue to ramp up support to Ukraine and economic pressure on Putin to bring an end to this barbaric war," the spokesperson said. "We are trying to continue our support for Ukraine, on the other hand we are seeing these talks and decisions between Moscow and the U.S., I'm looking forward to hearing from [Zelenskyy] what the outcome of these talks might be." The U.K. and France have been leading proponents of a "Coalition of the Willing," a group of countries that could be part of a "reassurance force" in a post-war Ukraine that helps to guarantee its security.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/09/just-capital-survey-investor-corporate-and-public-sentiments-on-ai-.html
Article: Roughly 93% of corporate leaders and 80% of investors said they believe AI will have a net positive impact on society within the next five years, according to the report. With some analysts forecasting that AI spending will reach into the trillions of dollars by the end of the decade, the boom is boosting excitement about economic advancement and the future of technology while simultaneously raising concerns about privacy, safety and job security.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/9/i-belong-in-my-own-country-syrians-celebrate-a-year-after-al-assad?traffic_source=rss
Article: Damascus, Syria – Syrians have marked the first anniversary of the fall of longtime ruler Bashar al-Assad with fireworks and jubilant celebrations in major cities, amid renewed optimism for long-lasting freedom and safety after 14 years of war. Syria’s President Ahmed al-Sharaa told large crowds in Damascus on Monday that the country had turned the page from a “dark chapter” in its history and now “looks towards a promising future”. Despite bouts of sectarian violence, recurring Israeli attacks and deep economic challenges, Syrians remain largely confident that the end of the al-Assad family’s decades-long tyrannical rule has ushered in a new era of stability.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/9/icc-sentences-sudan-axe-murderer-rahman-to-20-years?traffic_source=rss
Article: This is the first time the ICC has convicted a suspect of crimes in Darfur, a region that is once again seeing mass atrocities amid a vicious civil war between the government-linked Sudanese army and the paramilitary Rapid Support Forces (RSF), which traces its origins back to the Janjaweed militia. The court had unanimously convicted Kushayb on 31 counts, including attacks against civilians, murder, torture, rape, pillaging, destruction of property, persecution, and forcible transfer of population between 2003 and 2004. Abd-Al-Rahman had consistently denied during his trial being a high-ranking official in the Janjaweed militia, a largely Arab paramilitary force armed by the Sudanese government to kill mainly Black African tribes in Darfur. Advertisement He insisted from the opening of his trial in April 2022 that he is “not Ali Kushayb” and that the court had the wrong man – an argument rejected by the judges. The court noted that the time Abd al-Rahman has spent in detention – from the date of his surrender on June 9, 2020, until the date of the judgement – will be deducted from his sentence.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/video/newsfeed/2025/12/9/thai-foreign-minister-says-cambodia-not-ready-to-negotiate-peace?traffic_source=rss
Article: Thai foreign minister says Cambodia not ready to negotiate peace NewsFeed Thai foreign minister says Cambodia not ready to negotiate peace Thailand’s foreign minister has told Al Jazeera that Cambodia is “not ready” for peace negotiations and that the renewed border conflict between the two countries provides no space for a diplomatic solution.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/video/quotable/2025/12/9/donald-trump-can-have-an-enormous-influence-on-warner-bros-buyout?traffic_source=rss
Article: Subscribe to our channel: http://bit.ly/AJSubscribe Follow us on X : https://twitter.com/AJEnglish Find us on Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/aljazeera Check our website: http://www.aljazeera.com/ Check out our Instagram page: https://www.instagram.com/aljazeeraenglish/ Download AJE Mobile App: https://aje.io/AJEMobile #aljazeera #aljazeeraenglish #aljazeeranewslive

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/features/2025/12/9/israel-shot-my-little-sister-during-the-gaza-ceasefire?traffic_source=rss
Article: In the Daraj quarter, far from the Israel-controlled yellow area, Sundus was playing on the first floor of a wedding hall with other kids, happy with her new clothes, while the wedding itself was taking place upstairs. When I first entered the room, the doctor guided me to a child with a swollen face and a bandaged head, tubes everywhere, who bore very little resemblance to my beautiful Sundus. “She needs physical therapy, and it’s up to God whether she will regain her mobility or not … her vision will improve to a certain extent, but it won’t go back to how it was,” he said. All the times we nearly died while trying to stay in the “safe zone” crossed my mind as I repeated that she was not, sharing the location of the wedding hall with tens of people.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/news/us-news/scoop-newsletter-re-fired-scotus-ponders-trumps-powers-rcna248097
Article: That aside, I spoke to senior legal correspondent Laura Jarrett for today’s podcast about today’s arguments in front of the Supreme Court over expanding presidential powers even further, allowing oversight of agencies like the Federal Trade Commission. She sued the Trump administration over her dismissal, citing a 111-year-old law that gives the FTC — and at least 26 other government agencies — independence from the executive branch. Slaughter’s case isn’t just about someone upset about losing their job, but a challenge to the way Trump exerts his authority and whether these agencies will continue to be independent at all. (“Gilded Age” fans may want to take note on how that show may end for the Russell family.) In addition to breaking up monopolies, the FTC’s mission became to “protect the public from unfair or deceptive acts or practices.” So this independent agency and others like it were not set up or regulated by the executive branch; they would fall somewhere under the legislative branch. The rule has been that a president can only remove a commissioner “for inefficiency, neglect of duty, or malfeasance in office.” Trump said he was firing Slaughter because her service was “inconsistent with my Administration’s priorities.” Rebecca Slaughter, commissioner at the Federal Trade Commission (FTC), during a House Judiciary Committee hearing in Washington, D.C. Al Drago / Bloomberg via Getty Images The arguments: Slaughter’s case is that the president can’t simply fire her because of her political affiliations, and that only Congress can fire her. Earlier this year, the conservative majority of the Supreme Court allowed Trump to remove Slaughter as the case wound its way through the courts (as part of its shadow docket). Why it matters: Beyond Slaughter and two other FTC commissioners (all Democrats), Trump has fired regulators from several other independent agencies, including the Consumer Product Safety Commission and the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, seemingly without cause. The outcome of this case, like other cases the Supreme Court has heard during Trump’s second term, will determine the extent of his power for the rest of his time in office and for presidents that follow, regardless of party. After Netflix announced an $83 billion merger with the legacy Hollywood studio, another major contender has said, “Oh not so fast.” Paramount Skydance, the newly formed company headed by David Ellison, had been the expected front-runner to buy out Warner until Netflix came along. The federal government will have to approve any deal that goes through and the WBD board of directors said they will issue their recommendation in “accordance with the terms of their agreement with Netflix” within 10 business days.

Link: https://www.latimes.com/opinion/story/2025-12-09/california-failing-latino-population-employment-poverty-education
Article: Gavin Newsom rarely misses an opportunity to assert his solidarity with people of color, proclaiming in 2022 that “our incredible diversity is the foundation for our state’s strength, growth and success — and that confronting inequality is not just a moral imperative, but an economic one.” Nice words, but on the things that matter — affordable housing, good jobs, and decent education — the current California regime has been a disaster for minorities. In a new study I did with attorney Jennifer Hernandez, released by the University of Texas’ Civitas Institute, we found that in most critical areas, African Americans and Latinos do worse here in California than in most of the country. For his part, Newsom still sees climate as a useful wedge issue with Democratic primary voters, as he demonstrated by making an appearance at the recent climate summit in Brazil, which most leaders of the top carbon-emitting nations skipped. Recently, the California Air Resources Board, the primary executor of California’s climate policies, projected that these policies will result in significant income declines for individuals earning less than $100,000 a year, while boosting incomes for those above this threshold. This matters particularly to Latinos, who represent the vast majority of Californians in “carbon economy” jobs from production workers to material handling and truck driving — all industries in the crosshairs of state climate policy. California is the single worst state at creating jobs that pay above average; the state hemorrhaged 1.6 million above-average-paying jobs in the past decade, more than twice as many as any other state. Policies favoring small urban units may be fine with a 25-year-old single tech worker in San Francisco or Manhattan Beach but are not likely to please the more family-oriented Latino population. Our survey found that the vast majority of Latinos prefer single-family homes, and most are seeking the same basic things as most people — that is, safety, good schools and closeness to jobs. (Interestingly, the notion of living near other Latinos, or people they agree with politically, was ranked as a low priority.) Yet wanting a house and getting one are two different things.

Link: https://www.latimes.com/california/story/2025-12-09/earthquake-swarms-keep-rattling-california-bay-area-what-is-happening
Article: The clusters of earthquakes — the latest of which struck Monday — have all been underneath the East Bay suburb of San Ramon, which is close to the Calaveras fault. Advertisement That quake was strong enough to unsettle customers in the checkout line at a Safeway in Dublin, leaving shoppers feeling shaking for a few seconds — just enough to look at each other in bewilderment and alarm before the rumbling stopped. Advertisement For instance, the magnitude 7.8 earthquake that struck the San Andreas fault through Central and Southern California in 1857 was preceded an hour earlier by a far-more-modest magnitude 5.6 quake in Monterey County, and a magnitude 6.1 earthquake an hour before that. And in the months and years ahead of the deadly magnitude 6.9 Loma Prieta earthquake in 1989, there were modest earthquakes — in the magnitude 5 range — that in hindsight were foreshocks to the temblor that caused a partial collapse of the Bay Bridge and the collapse of a section of Interstate 880 in Oakland. After meeting up with the Hayward fault in Santa Clara County, the Calaveras fault continues southeast, running past Gilroy, before meeting up with the San Andreas fault in San Benito County. Advertisement The most recent large temblor on the Calaveras fault occurred in 1984, the magnitude 6.2 Morgan Hill earthquake, and resulted in at least 21 injuries and millions of dollars in damage. Scientists believe it’s possible that an earthquake on the San Andreas fault that begins in San Benito County — in the area around Hollister — could continue rupturing northwest up the Calaveras fault, and then potentially continue up the Calaveras or the Hayward fault. A hypothetical magnitude 7 quake on the Hayward fault could result in at least 800 deaths, 18,000 injuries, and leave as many as 2,500 people needing to be rescued from collapsed buildings and 22,000 from stuck elevators, scientists estimate.

Link: https://www.latimes.com/california/story/2025-12-09/piece-of-junk-actually-a-frank-gehry-la-masterpiece
Article: It stood apart from the Melrose Avenue hodgepodge, which included an auto body shop, an old bookstore famous for selling movie scripts, and a trendy boutique that sold vintage fedoras and marked the beginning of Melrose’s turn as a fashion mecca. Advertisement I didn’t give the building a second thought until my best friend and I started a little weekly newspaper we photocopied for 3½ cents a copy from a shop a few doors away. In his obituary for Gehry, Christopher Hawthorne described the studio as a “spare, even self-effacing stucco box, plain outside and filled with light and surprising spatial complexity inside.” The building “looked Modern but also suggested sympathy for the postwar visual chaos of L.A. evident in the work of artists such as Ed Ruscha and David Hockney.” I discovered the provenance of the hidden gem in the 1990s, when Gehry had reached “starchitect” status with his shape-shifting museum in Bilbao, Spain, and just before he gained legend status for L.A.’s Disney Hall. I am in the minority, for example, in loving the much-derided 1960s brown-box addition to the old Times Mirror Square complex just as much as the landmark Art Deco original.

Link: https://www.latimes.com/environment/story/2025-12-09/scouting-troops-work-to-restore-their-fire-stricken-camp
Article: The Palisades fire roared down the canyon 11 months ago, destroying the historic lodge and its Hogwarts-like interior (albeit without the “flying balls,” Copen noted), a smattering of cabins and the trading post where Scouts would buy candies and memorabilia. Copen, an Eagle Scout with Troop 67 in Santa Monica and a leader in the Scouts’ honor society Order of the Arrow, had seen the videos online of what the disasters had done to the camp where he had made so many memories. “It felt wrong.” Advertisement Cruz Vegas, 14, right, and Jules Keough, 13, with his father Ian Keough, all with Scouting America Troop 108, clear mudflow from the amphitheater at Camp Josepho. (Genaro Molina/Los Angeles Times) On Saturday, he was one of about four dozen Scouts, parents and regional Scouting leaders that headed to camp for the first time since the fire, picked up some tools and got dirty. It was also a much-needed moment for the Scouts to mourn their loss, spend time with their peers and give back to the land that has given them so much. While their Catalina and Sequoia sites are certainly breathtaking, Josepho — which is just minutes from the city — was an accessible haven from the hustle and bustle of algebra tests, essay deadlines and school drama. Many of the towering sycamore trees and elder oaks — probably far older than even the adult Scout leaders — still blot out the midday sun with new, green leaves sprouting from their charred trunks. Noah Rottner, an Eagle Scout with Troop 777 in West Hills who is also in the Order of the Arrow, said he had hoped to “help rebuild most of the stuff that’s been burnt and get most of the memories back.” But as Rottner, 15, talked with his peers, “we were just deciding, maybe we could start new memories in it, and start a new journey.” The Scouting council likely won’t try to reconstruct all of the camp’s facilities. Lee Harrison, 54, chief executive of the council, acknowledged that since the Palisades fire likely won’t be the last to burn through the land, a smaller footprint at the site is ultimately more sustainable. “I’ll always look at the camp as a very happy place, because practically all my memories here are happy.” More than 100 Scouting families lost their homes in the January fires, Harrison said. “Even the Scouts that lost pretty much everything, many of them went out and helped other families.” The Scouting council replaced all of its members’ lost uniforms and awards and dished out gift cards to pay for new camping equipment. Culver City’s Cub Scout Pack 18 hosted a pinewood derby workshop for the Malibu pack and brought its brand-new track out to a Malibu elementary school so the Scouts in that area could still experience the competition. (Genaro Molina/Los Angeles Times) One Scout used her Eagle Scout service project to create ash sifters, which the Scouts donated to fire stations in the Palisades and Altadena to help homeowners find valuables in the rubble.

Link: https://www.latimes.com/california/story/2025-12-09/persistent-fog-clouds-central-california-could-bring-record-cool-december
Article: Across much of Central California, a cluster of stubborn clouds has lingered for more than two weeks, bringing periods of intense fog and unseasonably low temperatures — and officials say the stagnant weather pattern is likely to persist. The low stratus clouds — which appear to stretch from Bakersfield through Chico and west into the Bay Area — continue to create visibility concerns on roadways and could help foster a record-cool December, said Carlos Molina, a meteorologist with the National Weather Service in Hanford. Temperatures have remained well below average the last few weeks, he said, with highs only in the upper 40s for much of the region, about 10 degrees below average for this time of year. “If we continue to hold on to this pattern for a majority of this month,” Molina said, “it would definitely put us in the record books for how cool we’ve been this December.” Advertisement Already, the low, heavy clouds and fog have stuck around an abnormally long time — 16 days as of Tuesday, by Molina’s count. So this year’s pattern is “on the extreme side.” Before and during this 16-day stretch, some areas in this region have seen thick, dangerously opaque tule fog form briefly, slashing visibility to virtually zero. Dense fog has been an almost daily concern since late November, particularly on roadways that transition from higher elevations into the lower valleys, such as in the lower Sierra foothills, coastal ranges and along the Grapevine, Molina said. Advertisement But, Molina said, “we’re expecting to see this all of this week.” A high pressure system lingering off California is helping to push any possible storms north toward the Pacific Northwest and Canada, leaving little to interfere with the tenacious clouds over Central California. Technically known as radiation fog, it can develop in any valley, but the geography of the Sacramento and San Joaquin valleys can make it particularly intense, resulting in several massive freeway pileups in recent years.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/us-workforce-aging-fastest-industries-11178636
Article: workforce is aging, and workers who are 55 or older have been the fastest-growing age group in the labor force for more than two decades, according to new research by the U.S. The issue has been at the forefront of the Trump administration's political agenda, and President Donald Trump has brought in new policies trying to support and encourage Americans to have more children. Census Bureau data showed that in the utilities sector, the share of employment at firms with at least a quarter of their workers over age 55 went from 33 percent in 2006 to 80 percent in 2022. A similar pattern was recorded in manufacturing and wholesale trade, industries which also had a notable increase in the share of employment at firms with at least a quarter of their workers over age 55 - from 14 percent in 2000 to over 40 percent in 2022. Other industries like health care and social assistance have also seen a rise in the number of firms where workers aged 55 make up at least 25 percent of employment, as has the finance and insurance industry and professional, scientific and technical services. In comparison, the retail trade, accommodation and food services sectors have had relatively few firms employing a high share of older workers, with those over the age of 55 making up 14 percent of the overall employment in the retail trade and 10 percent in the accommodation and food services industry. Other states with higher median population ages (between 39.1 and 40.9), and higher shares of firms with at least 25 percent of their workforces being 55 or older, included New York, Pennsylvania and Illinois. What Happens Next Research has suggested that by 2030, one fifth of America's population will be over 65, having significant impacts on the country's workforce as well as potentially straining certain services.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/donald-trump-impeachment-al-green-2-11178651
Article: He said that it will be clear why he is making the move when the articles are filed but that it was partly because Trump "doesn't respect the separation of powers" by speaking against members of the House who do not agree with him. "I will be doing what I believe is right to protect the republic." Newsweek reached out to the White House and Green by email to comment on this story outside of normal business hours. Given that Republicans hold a majority in the House of Representatives, it is unlikely that an impeachment effort would be successful, but efforts to remove Trump may damage his reputation and standing with his Republican colleagues. What To Know Speaking on the House floor, Green quoted the late Republican Vice President Dick Cheney who had called Trump a "threat to our republic" over his alleged efforts to overturn the 2020 presidential election. "He doesn't believe in separation of powers, he disrespects the House and the Senate, the members who don't give him what he desires, he is also a person who thinks that he can literally do whatever he pleases" he said. He previously introduced articles of impeachment against Trump in May, claiming he was "unfit to be president." Meanwhile, in April, Representative Shri Thanedar introduced seven articles of impeachment against Trump for several reasons, including Trump's use of the Department of Government Efficiency and Trump's implementation of "damaging tariffs" on the U.S.'s trading partners. It's about seeing whether the leadership is up for the fight as we head into 2026 and what is a crucial year for both parties in Congress." What People Are Saying Representative Al Green of Texas told Newsweek in May: "I am Al Green, an unbought, unbossed, unafraid, liberated Democrat. I will do that, but I'll also speak truth about power and say, power, we have a problem, and you're it.'" President Donald Trump at a rally in April addressed previous articles of impeachment introduced against him, saying: "Today they did it again.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/woman-hears-something-rustling-bag-granola-shock-whats-inside-11148910
Article: “I didn’t open it—it was completely sealed, and we watched it for five or so before seeing shadows of tiny claws and what looked like fur.” Wright shared a glimpse of that footage to her TikTok, with the video quickly going viral. Other potential dangers include Listeria, Hantavirus, Leptospirosis, Lymphocytic Choriomeningitis Virus (LCMV) and Rate-Bite Fever, with symptoms ranging from the usual associated with food poisoning, to more serious, potentially life-threatening issues.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nfl/browns-qb-shedeur-sanders-drops-cryptic-hint-about-nfl-future-11177957
Article: In the three games since, Sanders has shown flashes of being the passer many scouts considered a first-round talent heading into April’s draft, which is why head coach Kevin Stefanski named the 23-year-old the starter for the rest of the season. With a healthy Deshaun Watson expected to be on Cleveland’s roster next season, the Browns plan to use their four remaining regular-season games against the Chicago Bears, Buffalo Bills, Pittsburgh Steelers, and Cincinnati Bengals to have Sanders audition for the QB1 job next season. More News: Saquon Barkley Calls Out Eagles Teammates Over ‘Awful’ Sideline Attitude With so much uncertainty surrounding his Browns future, Sanders muddied the waters a little bit with what he said after Sunday’s loss to the Tennessee Titans. “We got two different problems over here, buddy.” More News: Paul Finebaum Has Harsh Message for ‘Crybaby’ Notre Dame After CFP Snub With Sanders playing as well as he is, some have speculated he could be traded in the offseason to a QB-needy team willing to take a flier on his upside. But some have also wondered if the Browns could hold onto Sanders and trade Gabriel if the team is too far back in the draft order to land one of the top signal-callers in the 2026 class. Because my story and everything inspires people to make sure, even if they're in uncomfortable positions and situations, to stay on course and keep their mental strong.” More News: Florida Tried to Poach Another SEC Head Coach Before Hiring Jon Sumrall

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/donald-trump-warner-netflix-paramount-11178971
Article: Meanwhile, the son of world’s-second-richest-man Ralph Ellison, Paramount CEO David Ellison, was spotted in the presidential box at Sunday’s Kennedy Center Honors before unveiling his bid backed by, among others, Jared Kushner’s private equity firm and the sovereign wealth funds of Saudi Arabia, Qatar and the UAE. Ted Sarandos ⬆ While the Ellisons spent months telegraphing their inevitable WBD play premised on their MAGA-world credentials making them regulatory shoo-ins, Netflix’s co-CEO wooed in stealth-mode, right up until Trump stunned the Kennedy Center crowd by toasting "my friend Ted." Sarandos didn't just beat the Ellisons in the WBD boardroom; he outflanked them in the only room that matters. Installed at CBS News as a MAGA heat shield, she spent weeks lecturing the broadcast veterans on how to do their jobs, only to fail the only KPI that matters when Trump declared in all-caps on Truth Social that the Ellisons “ARE NO BETTER THAN THE OLD OWNERSHIP.” But don’t worry: she still gets to keep all her Free Press money. Jane Fonda ⬇ She rallied 550 industry luminaries including Pedro Pascal and Viola Davis to warn that a Netflix deal would amount to a "constitutional crisis" (and that was before the Ellisons showed up), but the veteran activist’s protest only highlighted the diminished stature of the movie business. CNN ⬇ The network finds itself in a bizarre limbo where the $5.8 billion breakup fee Netflix owes WBD if its deal doesn’t go through is more than the cable news giant is worth. [cue James Earl Jones voice] “This is a line item in someone else’s M&A dealbook.” Originally a staple of Newsweek's print edition, Conventional Wisdom used arrows to track whose stock was rising or falling in the political circus. In an era when partisan media reinforces rather than questions assumptions, CW operates from the center—skeptical of left and right alike, committed to puncturing inflated reputations and recognizing overlooked truths.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/donald-trump-mexico-tariffs-water-texas-11178711
Article: But here’s the twist: under the very same binational regime, Mexico is already propping up the American Southwest by conserving water in Lake Mead—a commitment that keeps the reservoir a couple of feet higher and delays painful cuts for U.S. cities and farms—and in 2024 Washington and Mexico added a new measure to conserve 400,000 acre-feet through 2026, roughly twice the one-off volume Trump is demanding on the Rio Grande. Texas Farm Bureau state director Brian Jones has called Mexico’s repeated shortfalls "infuriating," warning that planted acres are down by as much as 45 percent in the Valley and that "we risk losing an entire industry" if nothing changes. Start tying water to tariffs (and migration, and fentanyl), says former Mexican ambassador Arturo Sarukhán, and "the danger is that all of the agenda… simply freezes." In other words, smash the plumbing and you don’t get more water—you get fewer ways to solve anything. The one Trump has put loudly in the headlines is the Rio Grande: 1.75 million acre-feet per five-year cycle from Mexico to the U.S., designed that way because those Mexican tributaries are erratic. In April 2024, the two governments added Minute 330, under which Mexico will conserve an additional 400,000 acre-feet through 2026 to help prop up Mead—about double the one-time 200,000 Trump demands on the Rio Grande. The practical route is duller and more useful: use the treaty’s gear-work to make Rio Grande deliveries predictable (the International Water and Boundary Commission is already testing that with new steps to boost reliability and predictability), while keeping the Lake Mead bargain intact.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/minnesota-somali-community-fear-resolve-after-donald-trump-attacks-11173693
Article: Minnesota’s large Somali community is fearful after President Donald Trump intensified his criticism of the community in recent days and Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) launched an operation in the region, members told Newsweek. “We can go one way or the other, and we’re going to go the wrong way if we keep taking in garbage into our country.” “Somalians should be out of here,” he told reporters at a White House event the following day. “They’ve destroyed our country.” Abdullahi Abdulle, an urban planner and veteran of the Minnesota Army National Guard, told Newsweek that many in the community have started carrying passports and legal documents every time they leave their homes in anticipation of being stopped by ICE. Minnesota State Representative Samakab Hussein, a Democrat and the first Somali American to represent Saint Paul in the state's legislature, told Newsweek that Trump’s remarks have fueled fear and confusion, with many terrified to go about their lives. White House spokesperson Abigail Jackson told Newsweek the president is “absolutely right to highlight the problems caused by the radical Somali migrants that the Democrats let invade our country and steal from American taxpayers.” ... Trump dubbed Minnesota “a hub of fraudulent money laundering activity” after a conservative news outlet, City Journal, reported last month that taxpayer dollars from defrauded government programs have flowed to the Somali militant group al-Shabab. “This is reckless and dangerous, and a sitting president should know better.” Ahmed Samatar, a professor of international studies at Macalester College in Saint Paul and an expert on Somali studies, told Newsweek:“I think most upright Somalis in the state of Minnesota accept that those [people] should be taken to the courts and the rule of law should be brought on them.” ... Kowsar Mohamed, a community organizer from south Minneapolis, called it a “red herring,” saying Trump was seizing on the fraud cases to distract people from the crises Americans are facing. ICE's Minnesota Operation Trump's comments came as federal agencies were preparing an immigration enforcement operation in Minnesota focusing primarily on Somali immigrants living unlawfully in the U.S., the Associated Press reported last week, citing a person familiar with the planning. On Thursday, the Department of Homeland Security said in a news release that agents with ICE had arrested “some of the worst of the worst criminal illegal aliens” since it launched Operation Metro Surge in the Minneapolis area. A big concern, Mohamed said, is that they will be mistakenly detained by immigration agents and “then no one knows where they are.” “That is the biggest concern for folks,” she said. DHS Assistant Secretary Tricia McLaughlin told Newsweek in statement that allegations that ICE officers “engage in ‘racial profiling”’ are disgusting, reckless, and categorically FALSE.” McLaughlin added: “What makes someone a target for immigration enforcement is if they are illegally in the U.S.—NOT their skin color, race, or ethnicity.” She said that under the Fourth Amendment of the U.S. Economic Impact Hussein also hit back at Trump’s remark that the community contributes "nothing," pointing to an economist’s estimate that Somalis in Minnesota have an estimated $8 billion impact on the state’s economy and pay about $67 million in state and local taxes annually. Political Divide The White House's Jackson said Minnesota Governor Tim Walz—Kamala Harris' running mate in the 2024 Election against Trump—has “allowed Somali refugees to turn Minnesota into a hub of fraudulent money laundering activity to fund lavish lifestyles overseas at the expense of American taxpayers. While the media and Democrats feign outrage, Americans who have suffered at the hands of these schemes will celebrate the President’s comments and strong support for AMERICAN citizens.” A rise in the community’s political power helped the election of the first Somali American to Congress, Representative Ilhan Omar, and other Somalis have served in the state Legislature and on the Minneapolis and Saint Paul city councils. It is just the latest instance of Trump “doubling down on empty, hateful rhetoric to divide the country,” Abdulle said.“He has done this so many times in the past by going after Mexican or Haitian immigrants, and unfortunately, I don’t think this will be the last time the president will spew hate and division.” And Hussein said the community will stand firm and united.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c075vjxyx3no?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: The response to the pandemic had led to "enormous outlays of public money which exposed it to the risk of fraud and error" with many organisations unprepared, the Covid Counter Fraud Commissioner, Tom Hayhoe, said. Mr Hayhoe had been asked by Chancellor Rachel Reeves to investigate the amount of public money lost to fraud given his experience in procurement as the former chair of an NHS trust. "Consequently, some measures to protect against potential fraud were inadequate." This applied to the procurement of Personal Protective Equipment (PPE) where the volume of orders "overwhelmed the newly created supply chain and involved measures that invited mistrust, opportunism and profiteering". It said the design of the Bounce Back Loan Scheme "created specific vulnerabilities to fraud and error", with the programme estimated to have incurred fraud and error losses of up to £2.8bn. "It was accepted in many schemes that the rapid design entailed accepting a high level of fraud risk, without plans for managing or mitigating this risk." Responding to the report, Chancellor Rachel Reeves said: "Leaving the front door wide open to fraud has cost the British taxpayer £10.9bn - money that should have been funding our public services, supporting families, and strengthening our economy. "We have started returning this money to the British people and we will leave no stone unturned in rooting out the fraudsters who profited from pandemic negligence." In September the government launched a voluntary repayment scheme for people and businesses to return pandemic scheme money with no questions asked until the end of December.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/crl95eg33k1o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: EU investigates Google over AI-generated summaries in search results 18 minutes ago Share Save Liv McMahon Technology reporter Share Save Getty Images The EU has opened an investigation into Google over its artificial intelligence (AI) summaries which appear above search results. "Europeans deserve to benefit from the latest technologies and we will continue to work closely with the news and creative industries as they transition to the AI era," they said. The Commission said it was concerned both web publishers and YouTube video creators were not being compensated or given the opportunity to opt-out of their content being used to train the company's AI models.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cwyp9kegdg8o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Mother collects degree for student who took his life after marking error 51 minutes ago Share Save Share Save Aamer Anwar and Company Ethan Scott Brown took his own life on the day he was due to graduate in December 2024 The mother of a student who took his own life after being wrongly told he would not be eligible to graduate has collected his degree from the university. Ahead of presenting the degree to them, University of Glasgow vice chancellor Professor Andy Schofield said: "As we have the honour of recognising our graduates here in the hall, we pause too to acknowledge someone who should have been here to collect the honours degree that he earned, Ethan Brown." He added: "His passing is a profound loss to his family, his loved ones and his friends, and to our university community. "We give thanks for his life and legacy, and sincere thanks to his family for being with us today." PA Media Ethan's family attended the university's graduation ceremony on his behalf Aamer Anwar, the family's solicitor, said in a statement it was a "deeply emotional day" for them. "It is a celebration for every student who has worked tirelessly to graduate and it is important to the family that other graduates and their families are able to enjoy their day without disruption or overshadowing." The family requested privacy, both for themselves and other students, during the ceremony. Mr Anwar added: "This approach to Ethan's graduation does not, however, diminish the family's serious concerns regarding the university's handling of Ethan's case and the systemic failures prior to his death, and the university's shameful failure to engage properly thereafter." University error 'not spotted' The family said that after Ethan's mother sought answers from the university, an internal investigation produced a report confirming that he had been awarded the wrong grade for that course due to an error by the university and should in fact have graduated with a 2:1 Honours degree. She said: "As part of that investigation, the circumstances will also be considered by our specialist health and safety investigation unit (HSIU) which will assess whether there is evidence to suggest that any health and safety failings have occurred." Getty Images The University of Glasgow was founded in 1451

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/cricket/articles/c80xgmk8ln0o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: It put them on a wave of confidence going into the second Test in Brisbane, where they gave England a lesson in how to play Test cricket, particularly day-night Test cricket. For all of the talk about this tour being their chance to finally win a series in Australia, there was a lot of scepticism in this country about the way England play.

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/12/09/g-s1-101285/up-first-newsletter-trump-affordability-problem-scotus-rebecca-slaughter-indiana-redistricting
Article: toggle caption Alex Wong/Getty Images 🎧 The president will ramp up domestic travel to pitch his policies to the American people late this year into next year , a senior White House official, unauthorized to speak publicly, tells NPR's Tamara Keith. As you shop, you've likely encountered enticing offers like "extra 20% off" or "last chance deals." These are some of the marketing techniques that retailers use to get you to spend more, but are they actually good deals? Life Kit spoke with experts to learn more about these tactics and provide tips on how to outsmart the gimmicks: 🛍️ Retailers often use a sense of urgency with words like "buy now" to rush buying decisions. Sponsor Message 3 things to know before you go Enlarge this image toggle caption Provided by ICEBlock Provided by ICEBlock The developer of the iPhone app ICEBlock, which anonymously tracks Immigration and Customs Enforcement agents' locations, is suing the Trump administration for free speech violations after the White House demanded Apple remove the service from its app store.

Link: https://www.washingtonpost.com/nation/2025/12/09/medication-abortion-pill-access-report/
Article: The percentage of medication abortions arranged via telehealth grew again in the first half of 2025, according to a report released Tuesday, despite Republican efforts to keep doctors in blue states from prescribing pills to women in states where abortion is illegal. Twenty-seven percent of the nearly 592,000 abortions provided from January to June relied on clinicians prescribing and mailing pills to patients seeking care remotely, according to the report by #WeCount, a project from the Society of Family Planning, which supports abortion rights. The slight tick upward shows how telehealth has “become a lifeline” for women seeking to end their pregnancies, especially those who live under abortion bans, Ushma Upadhyay, co-chair of the study and a professor at the University of California at San Francisco, said in a statement Tuesday. The availability of medication abortion through telehealth bloomed in 2023, when eight states enacted “shield” laws that allow providers there to legally mail abortion pills to patients in states with abortion bans. The total number of abortions in the U.S., via all methods, has been increasing since 2022, when the Supreme Court ended the constitutional right to an abortion in Dobbs v. Rachel Rebouché, a professor at the University of Texas School of Law specializing in reproductive health law, said the consistent rise in the number of telehealth abortions shows how well-versed women across America have become in how to get abortion pills and when to use them. Even if one of the antiabortion efforts to halt that access succeeds, Rebouché — who is not affiliated with #WeCount — said medication abortion is “not going to go away overnight.” She predicted that people would find other ways to preserve access. In states like Texas where the procedure is banned, all or almost all of the abortions that occurred within their borders took the form of mailed abortion pills, according to #WeCount’s data for the first half of 2025.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/09/meta-avocado-ai-strategy-issues.html
Article: In this article META Follow your favorite stocks CREATE FREE ACCOUNT Meta CEO Mark Zuckerberg makes a keynote speech at the Meta Connect annual event at the company's headquarters in Menlo Park, Calif., on Sept. Manuel Orbegozo | Reuters Meta CEO Mark Zuckerberg was so optimistic last year about his company's Llama family of artificial intelligence models that he predicted they would become the "most advanced in the industry" and "bring the benefits of AI to everyone." But after including a whole section on Llama in his opening remarks during Meta's earnings call in January of this year, he mentioned the brand name only once on the latest call in October. The company's obsession with its open-source large language model has given way to a very different approach to AI, one focused around a multibillion-dollar hiring spree to bring in top industry talent that could help Meta take on the likes of OpenAI, Google and Anthropic. As 2025 comes to a close, Meta's strategy remains scattershot, according to insiders and industry experts, feeding the perception that the company has fallen further behind its top AI rivals, whose models are rapidly gaining adoption in the consumer and enterprise markets. People with knowledge of the matter said many within the company were expecting the model to be released before the end of this year, but that the plan now is for that to happen in the first quarter of 2026. With its stock underperforming the broader tech sector this year and badly trailing Google parent Alphabet, Wall Street is looking for a sense of direction and a path to a return on investment after Meta spent $14.3 billion in June to hire Scale AI founder Alexandr Wang and a handful of his top engineers and researchers. Four months after that announcement, which included Meta purchasing a big stake in Scale, the social media company raised its 2025 guidance for capital expenditures to between $70 billion and $72 billion from a prior range of $66 billion to $72 billion. "In many ways, Meta has been the opposite of Alphabet, where it entered the year as an AI winner and now faces more questions around investment levels and ROI," analysts at KeyBanc Capital Markets wrote in a November note to clients. Even with annual sales in excess of $160 billion, Meta's ad targeting business, driven by massive improvements in AI and the popularity of Instagram, is growing revenue north of 20% a year. The 41-year-old founder, with a net worth of over $230 billion, has suggested that if Meta doesn't take big swings, it risks becoming an afterthought in a world that's poised to be defined by AI. Zuckerberg said in July that, "We'll need to be rigorous about mitigating these risks and careful about what we choose to open source." Avocado, when it's eventually made available, could be a proprietary model, according to people familiar with the matter. Some at Meta were upset that the R1 model released by Chinese AI lab DeepSeek earlier this year incorporated pieces of Llama's architecture, the people said, further underscoring the risks of open source and hammering home the idea that the company should overhaul its strategy. The company's high-priced AI hires and leaders of the recently launched Meta Superintelligence Labs, or MSL, have also questioned the open-source AI strategy and favored creating a more powerful proprietary AI model, CNBC reported in July. A Meta spokesperson said at the time that the company's "position on open source AI is unchanged." The Llama 4 flub was a significant catalyst in Zuckerberg's pivot, the people said, and also led to a major internal shakeup. Chris Cox, Meta's chief product officer and a 20-year company veteran who was hired as its 13th software engineer, no longer oversees the AI division, formally known as the GenAI unit, after the botched release, the people said. He landed on Wang, then Scale AI's 28-year-old CEO, who was named Meta's new chief AI officer and, in August, became the head of an elite unit called TBD Lab. Gerry Miller | CNBC OpenAI CEO Sam Altman said in June that Meta was trying to lure talent from his company with gigantic pay packages, including sky-high $100 million signing bonuses, which Meta said at the time was a misrepresentation. Along with Wang came other tech bigwigs, including former GitHub CEO Nat Friedman, who heads the product and applied research arm of MSL, and Shengjia Zhao, who was a ChatGPT co-creator. They've brought with them modern methods that have become the standard for frontier AI development in Silicon Valley, and have upended the traditional software development process inside Meta, the people said. Meta's AI culture shift Wang is now under pressure to deliver a top-tier AI model that helps the company regain momentum against rivals like OpenAI, Anthropic and Google, the people said. We run them all." At no point did Huang reference Llama, although elsewhere on the call he said Meta's Gem, "a foundation model for ad recommendations trained on large-scale GPU clusters," drove an improvement in ad conversions at Meta in the second quarter. Although Vibes has attracted more interest to the company's standalone Meta AI app, it trails the Sora app as measured by downloads, according to data provided to CNBC by Appfigures. Pressure is being felt across Meta's AI organizations, where 70-hour workweeks have become the norm, the people said, while teams have also been hit with layoffs and restructurings throughout the year. Those layoffs impacted employees in areas like the Fundamental Artificial Intelligence Research unit, or FAIR, and played a key role in Chief AI Scientist Yann LeCun's decision to leave the company to launch a startup, according to people with knowledge of the matter. Getty Images Zuckerberg's high-stakes decision to turn to outsiders like Wang and Friedman to lead the company's AI efforts represented a major change for a company that's historically promoted long-tenured workers to top posts, the people said. In particular, insiders told CNBC that Wang and Friedman are more cloistered in their communications, a contrast to a historically open approach of sharing work and chatting on the company's Workplace internal social network Members of Wang's TBD Lab, who work near Zuckerberg's office, don't use Workplace, people familiar said, adding that they're not even on the network and that the group operates like a separate startup. Engineering vice president Aparna Ramani, who has been with Meta for nearly a decade, has been put in charge of overseeing the distribution of computing resources for MSL, the people said. And in October, Vishal Shah was moved from leading the company's metaverse initiatives within Reality Labs, where he'd been for four years, to a new role as vice president of AI Products, working with Friedman. Shah is considered a loyal lieutenant who has helped act as a bridge between the company's traditional social apps like Instagram and newer projects like Reality Labs, the people said. Meta confirmed last week that it plans to cut resources to its virtual reality and related metaverse initiatives, shifting its attention to its popular AI-infused glasses developed with EssilorLuxottica . Friedman has called for MSL to use newer tools that have been calibrated to incorporate multiple AI models and various kinds of coding automation software often called AI agents, the people said. "They have this mantra now saying 'Demo, don't memo,'" Lovable CEO Anton Osika said in October at the Masters of Scale Summit in San Francisco, about Meta's new development process. Osika said Meta employees have been using Lovable's tools to more quickly build internal apps, specifically referencing the company's finance teams, which have turned to Lovable to create software for tracking headcount and planning. Cfoto | Future Publishing | Getty Images While Meta continues retooling its app development methods and pushes toward releasing Avocado, the company has been experimenting with other AI models on its products. Meta is also altering its approach to infrastructure, and is increasingly turning to third-party cloud computing services like CoreWeave and Oracle for developing and testing AI features as it builds out its own massive data centers, the people said. The social media giant announced in October that it signed a joint venture agreement with Blue Owl Capital as part of a $27 billion deal to help fund and develop the gargantuan Hyperion data center in Richland Parish, Louisiana. The company said at the time that the partnership provides the "the speed and flexibility" Meta needs to build the data center and support its "long-term AI ambitions." Despite the company's challenges in 2025, Zuckerberg's message to employees and investors is that he's more committed than ever to winning. At the top of the company's earnings call in October, Zuckerberg said MSL is "off to a strong start." "I think that we've already built the lab with the highest talent density in the industry," Zuckerberg said. "We're heads down developing our next generation of models and products and I'm looking forward to sharing more on that front over the coming months." WATCH: Data center demand driving infrastructure credit

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/09/this-cruise-stock-is-outperforming-goldman-sachs-expects-momentum-to-carry-into-2026.html
Article: VIK YTD mountain VIK YTD chart "In a world where there has been uncertainty around cruise and the consumer more generally, the benefits of VIK's differentiated geographic exposure and higher-income demographic have countered the choppier broader cruise trend and shone through in recent months, with a nice acceleration in the 2026 pricing curve," she wrote. "We do not take a view on when these buybacks may commence (nor the mix between dividends and buybacks), but note this strategy could unlock material value for the stock." Viking shares rose more than 2% in light volume trading following the upgrade.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/video/quotable/2025/12/9/aje-onl-qt-ahmed-ibrahim-091225?traffic_source=rss
Article: Quotable RSF’s oilfield takeover “geopolitical push” on South Sudan Former Sudanese government adviser Ahmed Ibrahim says the Rapid Support Forces’ capture of the key Heglig oilfield is an attempt to pull South Sudan into the war against Sudan’s army.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/how-russia-china-countering-american-alliances-missile-threat-11179230
Article: Russia and China recently conducted a joint anti-missile exercise, which an expert told Newsweek signaled a growing level of trust, with the two sides able to mutually benefit amid the proliferation of long-range precision weapons in Europe and Asia. In a short statement released on Saturday, China's Defense Ministry said the war game, held at an undisclosed location in Russia in early December, did not target any third party and had nothing to do with the "current international and regional situation." Newsweek has contacted the Russian Defense Ministry by email for further comment. Why It Matters China has been one of Russia's closest partners since the outbreak of the full-scale war in Ukraine in 2022, with Moscow describing its relations with Beijing as a partnership "without limitations or taboos." The two countries have closely cooperated on military matters, including joint patrols and bilateral drills, to bolster their readiness. During the 2017 exercise—based on computer simulations—both militaries conducted joint air defense and anti-missile defense operations to test their ability to respond to "accidental and provocative ballistic and cruise missile strikes" on their territories, CGTN reported. Dmitry Stefanovich, a research fellow at the Primakov National Research Institute of World Economy and International Relations of the Russian Academy of Sciences, told Newsweek on Monday that the long pause between the second and third anti-missile exercises might reflect a "growing level of mutual trust" between Russia and China. "I mean, exercise in 2017 might have been perceived as peak cooperation in the airspace defense domain, but by 2025 Russia and China are ready for something more impressive," he said, despite no information about the substance of the latest exercise. Additionally, Russia has what the analyst called "unique experience" in both defending against all kinds of aerial threats, including advanced Western missiles and drones, as well as in penetrating layered air and missile defense systems during its war with Ukraine. Ukraine has received a range of weapons from NATO countries, including the Patriot system for air and missile defense, as well as the Storm Shadow cruise missile and the Army Tactical Missile System for long-range land-attack missions against Russia. "PLA definitely has appetite to get a share of such experience, especially given the proliferation of long-range precision weapons as well as missile defenses in the Asia-Pacific," Stefanovich added, referring to the Chinese People's Liberation Army. What People Are Saying Dmitry Stefanovich, a research fellow at the Primakov National Research Institute of World Economy and International Relations of the Russian Academy of Sciences, told Newsweek: "While absence of any links to real-world developments is emphasized, at least in the Chinese releases, it is clear that such trends [of U.S. missile defense development and deployment were considered as a factor in this exercise as well." The Pentagon's Chinese military power report read: "The PLA probably seeks to incorporate lessons from how Russia and Ukraine are employing influence operations in the conflict into its own doctrine. The effects of Western sanctions against Russia almost certainly have amplified the [People's Republic of China]'s push for defense and technological self-sufficiency as well as economic and energy resilience." What Happens Next Russia and China are expected to continue their military cooperation to counter U.S.-led alliances in Europe—NATO—and in Asia—Japan and South Korea.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/us-civic-freedom-rating-downgraded-11179145
Article: What To Know The report highlights militarized responses to anti-ICE protests and migration-related demonstrations under the Trump administration, including deployments of the National Guard and federal agents, including Immigration and Customs Enforcement, to cities such as Los Angeles. The report also noted the revocation of funding for public broadcasters such as NPR and PBS, alongside the launch of the administration-run news site, White House Wire, which promotes favorable coverage of the government. What People Are Saying Deborah Makari, the civil society rights and resiliency project officer at the Charity and Security Network, said in a statement shared with Newsweek: "Community power and strategic responses from civil society organizations have demonstrated that such efforts to erode rights and liberties will not go unchallenged." Mandeep Tiwana, Civicus' secretary-general, said in a statement: "The backsliding on rule of law and fundamental freedoms in the United States is truly alarming. We are witnessing a rapid and systematic attempt to stifle civic freedoms that Americans have come to take for granted, such as critiquing authorities and protesting peacefully." He added: "As the USA prepares to mark 250 years since the American Revolution, we urge the government to course-correct and uphold the civic freedoms enshrined in the Declaration of Independence and the Constitution."

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/wrestling/another-major-wwe-superstar-may-retire-in-2026-11179606
Article: During a recent appearance on Insight with Chris Van Vliet, Cena discussed his decisive loss to Lesnar earlier this year and alluded to the long-term plans for "The Beast Incarnate".

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/woman-checks-bernese-mountain-dogs-fur-sees-something-moving-with-a-tail-11179326
Article: In North America the marsupial is typically called an “opossum,” whereas in Australia and other regions the term “possum” refers to a different species—leading to frequent mix-ups in casual conversation.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/vermont-schools-sent-violent-messages-after-raising-somali-flag-11179441
Article: A school district in Vermont took down its website and disconnected many of its office phones on Monday after its superintendent said it had been inundated with racist and violent messages over its decision to raise a Somali flag. Wilmer Chavarria, the superintendent of the Winooski School District, told VTDigger that the messages came after a number of prominent right-wing social media accounts shared videos of the raising of the flag. A spokesperson for Vermont State Police told the online newspaper that the district had passed along more than 200 messages as of Monday afternoon and that they appeared to be part of a “coordinated national campaign” against the district. Representative Ilhan Omar, Minnesota’s most prominent Somali American, said on CBS News’ Face the Nation on Sunday that Somalis in Minnesota are angry about the fraud and warned that Trump's rhetoric could lead to "dangerous actions." What To Know The district hosted the flag-raising ceremony at the combined elementary, middle and high school campus in Winooski on Friday. He said some callers used phrases like, “We’re coming for you” and “You don’t know what’s coming.” He said he believes the onslaught of messages and emails are because of posts shared by popular right-wing social media accounts including the Libs of TikTok page that include video of the flag-raising ceremony and contact information for the school district. As of early Tuesday, visitors to the district’s website are being directed to a page stating it has been taken offline as officials “address and mitigate an unprecedented volume of illegitimate traffic targeting our services.” What People Are Saying In a post on Facebook on Monday alongside a picture of flags outside the school, the Winooski School District wrote: “First, we want to assure everyone that the United States flag remains in its proper place at the highest point, in full compliance with the U.S. flag on the top mast, the Vermont state flag on the second, and—this week—the Somali flag on the third.” It added: “The Somali flag is being flown for one week as a gesture of support for Somali students and families. Winooski is a proudly diverse community, and we are committed to recognizing and uplifting the cultures and identities represented in our schools.” Wilmer Chavarria, the district superintendent, said Trump’s comments are “almost marching orders for a large part of the U.S. population to go and harass our community.” He described the messages as “pretty scary,” but said the reaction has “given us even more of a mission to continue doing the right thing.” Benny Johnson, a pro-Trump political commentator, shared the flag-raising video on X, where he has 4 million followers, writing: “Winooski School District in Vermont has put up a Somali flag in protest to President Trump and as a message that all Somalis are welcome in the state. These are Americans that he is calling garbage." She added: "I think it is also really important for us to remember that this kind of hateful rhetoric and this level of dehumanizing can lead to dangerous actions by people who listen to the president." What Happens Next?

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/dominos-marks-65-years-special-giveaway-11179147
Article: Domino's—the largest pizza chain in the world by global store count—is celebrating its 65th anniversary on Tuesday by launching a nationwide giveaway of its Chocolate Lava Crunch Cakes with eligible orders, placed online or through the app. What To Know From December 8 to December 22, Domino's customers in the United States can receive three free Chocolate Lava Crunch Cakes if they place an online delivery or carryout order of at least $10 and enter the code "HAPPYBDAY" at checkout. Jude’s provides treatment, travel, housing, and food at no cost to families, and has helped increase childhood cancer survival rates from 20 percent to over 80 percent since its founding in 1962, according to the press release. There would be no Domino's without its loyal customers, so we hope they join us in celebrating the last 65 years with this sweet treat of a deal." When talking about the St Jude charity initiative, he also said: “Domino's is proud to continue its long-standing tradition of participating in the St. Thanks to the generosity of Domino's customers, we know we can help make a difference." What Happens Next The anniversary deal continues through December 22, giving Domino’s customers nearly two weeks to claim the complimentary dessert.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/formula1/articles/ckgdjw10rz1o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: While we were talking about McLaren almost throwing away the drivers' championship for different reasons, surely by Red Bull not having a decent number two driver, who would have taken points off both McLaren drivers, you could argue that this cost Max Verstappen the title. He proved handy in the Abu Dhabi showdown in 2021, by delaying Lewis Hamilton enough that when the critical late safety car came out, Hamilton did not have a gap large enough to pit for fresh tyres without losing the lead. But Perez would likely have been of no significant help this season, judging by his average performance deficit to Verstappen over his time at Red Bull and the gaps between the front-running cars. And as much as a driver of that calibre would likely have got in the mix with the McLarens, he would also likely have taken points away from Verstappen, in the same way the McLaren drivers took points from each other. On top of that, the Red Bull has been a difficult car this season, and perhaps only a very few drivers other than Verstappen could have got a tune out of it.

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/12/09/nx-s1-5637470/president-trump-expected-to-address-affordability-at-pennsylvania-rally
Article: President Trump expected to address affordability at Pennsylvania rally President Trump will hold a rally in Pennsylvania Tuesday, where he's expected to talk about his administration's efforts to address two major concerns for voters: the economy and affordability. Politics President Trump expected to address affordability at Pennsylvania rally President Trump expected to address affordability at Pennsylvania rally Listen · 3:37 3:37 President Trump will hold a rally in Pennsylvania Tuesday, where he's expected to talk about his administration's efforts to address two major concerns for voters: the economy and affordability.

Link: https://www.nytimes.com/video/world/africa/100000010524653/returning-benin-bronzes.html
Article: The Conflict Over Nigeria’s Returned Treasures Western museums are returning the Benin Bronzes — priceless items looted during colonialism — to Nigeria, but political infighting has jeopardized the ability to display and maintain the masterpieces.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/nicaraguans-celebrate-virgin-mary-miami-despite-fears-home-128235243
Article: Hundreds of Nicaraguans caroled the Virgin Mary at flower-and-light-filled altars set up in church parking lots as well as the back of vehicles on the streets of Miami to mark the solemnity of the Immaculate Conception Nicaraguans celebrate Virgin Mary in Miami despite fears at home and in US Nicaraguans sing in praise of the Virgin Mary at one of dozens of open-air altars set up near St. (AP Photo/Rebecca Blackwell) MIAMI -- Hundreds of Nicaraguans sang in praise of the Virgin Mary at flower-and-light-filled altars set up in church parking lots as well as in the back of vehicles on the streets of Miami to mark the Dec. “It’s tradition, family, giving back to the community, keeping up the faith and positive vibes.” In the back of a large rental SUV parked near a Catholic church, the family put a painting of the Immaculate Conception at the center of their altar. “All the blessings that we have are thanks to her,” said Michael Garcia, who was born in Miami but whose grandmother brought one of the statues when she fled Nicaragua. “For the Virgin, there is no impossible.” A mid-19th century Vatican proclamation of the dogma that Mary was conceived free from original sin, which the Catholic faith teaches all humans carry, gave new popularity to the feast day worldwide. Like several Latin American governments tracing their roots back to socialist revolutions, Nicaragua’s copresidents Daniel Ortega and his wife, Rosario Murillo, have had an uneven relationship with faith leaders for decades. In the United States, the Trump administration has sought to end expanded and temporary legal protections for around 430,000 migrants from Nicaragua, as well as from Venezuela, Cuba and Haiti. John Bosco Catholic Parish — where most of the 3,000 member families are from Nicaragua and Honduras, and many are undocumented — more than a thousand people lined up Sunday evening to sing and pray by altars set up in the parking lot and the major thoroughfare in front of the church. And to share a message with those back in Nicaragua that here, we are free.” Some altars had elaborate balloon arches, twinkling strings of lights and massive sound systems, while others had just a small statue of the Virgin framed by fresh palm fronds in the cars’ hatchbacks. Mary’s conception!” Then they sang traditional hymns to the Virgin as the families and other groups that created the altars donated toys, traditional food like yucca and chicharrones, and small religious souvenirs like rosaries — a big show of community support since most had planned to serve at least 500 people. To have this tradition outside of my country is something grand,” said Scarlet Desbas as her husband finished setting up their hatchback altar by plugging lights into the car battery. “Our ancestors inculcated in us this faith.” Many said they undertook the expensive task as a promise to the Virgin, to express gratitude, and to ask for protection both in the United States and for their families in Nicaragua. nearly two decades ago, set up a giant white-and-blue balloon arch — traditional colors for the feast day and also Nicaragua's flag — to frame the altar on the back of a pickup next to St John Bosco’s sanctuary. But he said President Donald Trump and Secretary of State Marco Rubio, with their experience in Florida, should understand how dire the conditions are for those persecuted in countries like Nicaragua, Cuba and Venezuela — and should ensure U.S. John Bosco’s, Oscar Carballo was doing the rounds by the altars, singing to the Virgin, after winning over relatives who hesitated to come out because of rumors on social media about immigration enforcement.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/man-religious-group-beat-prosecutor-removed-after-long-128235105
Article: A man who says he was held down and beaten by members of a religious group in North Carolina wants the prosecutor removed from his case Man who says religious group beat him wants prosecutor removed after long wait for retrial FILE - This 2016 image from video shows the entrance to the Word of Faith Fellowship church in Spindale, N.C. (AP Photo/Alex Sanz, File) A man who says members of a secretive North Carolina religious group held him down and beat him wants the prosecutor kicked off his case, accusing the district attorney of siding with a church that dozens of former congregants have said abused them. Matthew Fenner said in court documents that he has waited more than eight years for a retrial in the kidnapping and assault case involving Word of Faith Fellowship only for District Attorney Ted Bell to schedule the second trial for a church leader during the week Fenner had interviews for a medical residency. In a sworn statement, Fenner said Bell wants to stay on Word of Faith’s good side because he supports the locally influential church and its hundreds of members in the small county who could stay in his favor for his reelection bid in 2026. And it will be lost not because of a fair adjudication of the merits; rather, it will be lost due to DA Bell’s actions that manufactured that result,” Fenner’s lawyer wrote in court papers. A leader of Word of Faith, Brooke Covington, was scheduled to stand trial this week on second-degree kidnapping and simple assault charges, but that has been delayed to consider Fenner's request. He was at a service at the church’s compound in Spindale, North Carolina, when members including Covington started what the church called a “blasting” session on him, according to Fenner. Other documents in the court file are related to efforts to move the case from small, rural Rutherford County where the Word of Faith is headquartered to Buncombe County and more populous and urban Asheville. Fenner alleges in his sworn statement that the district attorney did not oppose the gag order because he wanted to weaken the case and put pressure on Fenner to give up. The AP spoke dozens of former congregants around the world, listened to hours secretly recorded conversations with church leaders, and reviewed hundreds of pages of law enforcement, court and child welfare documents. The AP reported that the church controlled almost every aspect of their members’ lives including who they married, what subjects they studied in school and whether they could go to college.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/09/nvidia-can-sell-h200-ai-chip-to-china-but-will-beijing-want-them.html
Article: It had been effectively banned from selling any semiconductors to China earlier this year, but since July sought to resume H20 sales, a less advanced chip designed specifically to comply with export restrictions. watch now Look at what Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang has said this year, and what Chinese tech giants and Beijing have done, and you'll see potential hints as to how this lifting of the ban will play out. Why China might push back against the H200 The H200 is one of Nvidia's most advanced chips for training and running AI on the market, but China has been on a drive to wean itself off American technology and boost local semiconductor development for AI. Jensen Huang, chief executive officer of Nvidia Corp., departs following a meeting with members of the Senate Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs Committee in Washington, DC, US, on Wednesday, Dec. Huang said he's unsure whether China would accept the company's H200 artificial intelligence chips should the US relax restrictions on sales of the processors, following a meeting Wednesday with President Donald Trump. Photographer: Graeme Sloan/Bloomberg via Getty Images Bloomberg | Bloomberg | Getty Images With China's drive to self-sufficiency resulting in advanced products, will Beijing want to allow its local companies to buy American products from Nvidia? He added that China getting "locked in" to Nvidia chips is a "liability with a hanging sword of political uncertainty." "This makes domestic self-sufficiency the only viable long-term strategy for Beijing," Shah said.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/09/stocks-making-the-biggest-moves-premarket-hd-ares-vik-tol.html
Article: CVS — The drugstore giant saw shares rise more than 2% after the company provided 2026 profit guidance that came above Wall Street estimates and this year's projected earnings, marking a sign of steady progress in its turnaround plan.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/09/deutsche-bank-sees-more-upside-for-micron-heading-into-chipmakers-earnings.html
Article: MU YTD mountain MU YTD chart Weathers noted that the current memory environment is "significantly different" than the one last quarter and will result in stronger earnings per share power than she was previously expecting. "All told, we believe MU is well poised to benefit from the upcoming memory cycle, with HBM driving structural changes in the industry that could warrant a higher valuation profile," she wrote. "In addition, we see MU as being particularly attractive among the memory names given its unique ability to prioritize profitability over market share in this environment." One reason behind Weathers' higher earnings forecast is higher pricing in dynamic random-access memory. "Assessing the magnitude of the price lift is difficult, but we note that in past memory cycles price increases have been as high as +50% y/y." For its upcoming earnings report, Weather expects Micron's revenues to come in at $12.8 billion, representing a 13% quarter-over-quarter increase.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/09/sf-mayor-reels-in-60-million-from-google-openai-others-for-downtown.html
Article: When campaigning for mayor last year, Lurie touted his ability to fundraise, drawing on his past experience at the anti-poverty nonprofit Tipping Point Community, laying the groundwork for public-private partnerships to help revitalize San Francisco. The folks who want to build businesses, raise their families here, and visit, recognize the important work that is underway and want to see it continue." San Francisco's Downtown Development Corporation, launched in April by Mayor Daniel Lurie, said on Tuesday that it's received over $60 million in early commitments from donors including Google and OpenAI to help revive the city's center. "And then actual below market capital from some of our lending partners to go in and actually fix up these spaces and get those businesses in there, get people spending money and generating economic activity for the city of San Francisco." Money will also be dedicated to a new Embarcadero Park, inspired by New York City's Bryant Park. Lurie has often cited Michael Bloomberg's efforts as mayor of New York as inspiration for his work, and the DDC is drawing on models used in New York as well as Detroit. While a number of metrics show that San Francisco has bounced back dramatically from its pandemic lull, the city has a lot of work to do to prepare for an active 2026. "By strengthening public safety, cutting red tape and leaning into our arts and culture, we are bringing people back to our streets." The first-term mayor notched a significant political win in October as President Donald Trump reversed his decision to deploy the National Guard in downtown San Francisco, saying Lurie was making "substantial progress" on crime in the city. "There's no doubt that there is a lot of attention on us and we are super focused on outcomes and using data to ensure we can hold ourselves accountable," Olatoye said.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/09/cvs-forecasts-2026-profit-above-estimates-as-turnaround-plan-takes-effect.html
Article: The upbeat outlook caps a year in which CEO David Joyner pushed through a much-needed and sweeping overhaul, including cost-cutting measures, exits from underperforming markets and strengthening top management to revive investor confidence. "We are closing out 2025 with meaningful momentum across our businesses and we expect another year of strong earnings growth in 2026," said Chief Financial Officer Brian Newman on Tuesday. The company forecast 2026 adjusted profit to be in the range of $7.00 to $7.20 per share, compared with analysts' average estimate of $7.16, according to data compiled by LSEG.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/09/a-little-known-biotech-stock-more-than-doubled-this-week-wells-fargo-sees-further-upside.html
Article: Wave Life Sciences has surged 50% this year, adding 147% alone on Monday after announcing positive interim data from a Phase 1 trial of an RNA obesity shot which helped cut fat without muscle loss. WVE YTD mountain WVE YTD chart In the note, Burnett called the stock's Monday surge "warranted as these data help de-risk a new [mechanism of action] in a potentially large market," he wrote. Due to the drug's potential for more gastrointestinal tolerances and greater muscle sparing — combined with a more convenient dosing schedule of once or twice yearly — Burnett sees a path ahead for it to emerge with a more competitive product profile versus a GLP-1.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/9/why-is-australia-banning-social-media-for-teenagers?traffic_source=rss
Article: From December 10, children below 16 years of age will be barred from opening or using accounts on popular social media platforms under new federal rules announced by Prime Minister Anthony Albanese’s government. Research commissioned by the Australian government in 2023 found four out of five children aged eight to 16 use social media, often beginning between the ages of 10 and 12. The eSafety Commissioner said it will issue specific standards that platforms wishing to operate in Australia must follow, including age-verification systems such as ID checks, which could include uploading an image of a user’s face, regular audits, and compulsory reporting on how platforms identify underage users. Joanna Orlando, a researcher in digital wellbeing and the author of Generation Connected: How to Parent in a Digital World, told Al Jazeera: “Tech-savvy teens simply use VPNs, fake birth photos for face scans, or migrate to less regulated platforms like Lemon8, or to platforms not part of the ban like video games. Enforcement is proving to be difficult in the days leading up to the ban.” Louise La Sala, senior research fellow in suicide prevention at Orygen – Australia’s National Centre of Excellence in Youth Mental Health – said, “Ultimately, reducing online harm would be a great outcome; however, we know from evidence that ‘banning’ anything from young people won’t work on its own.” Aaron Mackey, the Electronic Frontier Foundation’s free speech and transparency litigation director, agreed that the ban is “quite impractical to enforce at scale”, noting that some verification methods “are often inaccurate” while others “are easily circumvented”. Leading platforms, including Meta – which owns Facebook, Instagram and Threads, in addition to WhatsApp and Messenger, which are outside the purview of the new regulation – TikTok, Snapchat, YouTube and X have all indicated that they intend to comply with the new law. Australian groups such as mental health foundation Headspace and Orygen, therefore, largely welcome stronger protections for some young people who are likely to benefit from delaying social media use during vulnerable developmental stages in childhood and adolescence. Reducing exposure to harmful content and other online harms needs to be a core element of social media use for everyone.” Critics also say the ban could end up harming the very children it aims to protect, as social media access can be life-saving for many young people. Censoring such access can shut off their ability to find community and engage in self-discovery, to pursue artistic education and opportunities, and to express themselves freely and receive valuable information,” Mackay told Al Jazeera. It’s important that alternative places for support and connection are shared with these young people so that we do not risk further isolating them or cutting off important supports.” What have studies shown about the effect of social media on children’s mental health? Many factors influence these, such as cost of living issues, family breakdown, stress, as we know, mental health is impacted by many factors.” However, in Australia, studies by the eSafety Commissioner have found that children who use social media frequently are more likely to be exposed to harmful content. In the United States, several states, including Utah and Arkansas, have passed laws in recent years to restrict minors’ access to social media, though many have been blocked by courts on constitutional grounds. In France, a 2023 law requires parental consent before children under the age of 15 can obtain social media accounts, however technical challenges mean this has not been enforced yet.

Link: https://abc13.com/post/new-search-warrant-alleges-fraud-tampering-corpse-funeral-home-operator-accused-working-license/18265763/
Article: ﻿New search warrant uncovered against funeral home operator accused of working without a license HOUSTON, Texas (KTRK) -- New allegations have surfaced against a Houston funeral home operator, who is already under scrutiny for running multiple businesses without a proper license. Weeks after ABC13 first reported on the practices of Unique Green, investigators have now filed a new search warrant outlining further concerns, including possible fraud and tampering with a corpse. The latest warrant identifies a second funeral home, Wingate on White Heather, and centers on the estate of Lawrence Edward Gammon, adding to ongoing questions surrounding Green's funeral business operations. RELATED: Funeral home raided by police was awarded contract with county in 2019 According to the 16-page document obtained by ABC13, authorities are looking into whether Green misrepresented herself after handling Gammon's cremation in order to steal from his estate. ABC13 found a last will and testament filed in Harris County in August, months after Gammon's death, that left "my entire estate to my long-term partner and common law spouse, Unique M. SEE ALSO: 'Appalling': County cut ties in 2020 with funeral home raided by HPD Green already faces a criminal charge in connection with the Third Ward property, where she is accused of forging a lien.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/ckgk2pj2ygko?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Baroness Anne Longfield will lead the inquiry, which was derailed in October when four women resigned from its survivors panel, and two leading candidates to chair the investigation pulled out.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/football/articles/c989ek93xw3o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: The Robins saw a late equaliser disallowed for offside in their 1-0 defeat by Millwall on Saturday, resulting in a huge post-match melee involving staff and players from both sides. Video assistant referees were brought into the Premier League at the start of the 2019-20 season, but in the Championship the technology has only been used in play-off finals since 2022. "I am not a fan of VAR but this shows us the many signs, evaluations that with VAR the decisions are better and more fair," Struber told BBC Radio Bristol. "We should do everything for more fairness and the last game showed us this on a really good picture." As well as the Premier League, VAR is used in all the major leagues around Europe including the Bundesliga, La Liga, Serie A and Ligue 1 and also in others including domestic competitions in the Netherlands, Turkey, Hong Kong and Saudi Arabia. "It's not always so easy to deal and handle the game with [such a] high dynamic, [so] the referees they have everything in a good picture with the pressure with the atmosphere and the high dynamic," Struber added.

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/12/09/nx-s1-5634738/russia-ukraine-war-donetsk-region
Article: Ukraine's last eastern strongholds hang on as Russia fights to take Donbas toggle caption Iryna Rybakova/93rd Separate Mechanized Brigade/AFP via Getty Images KRAMATORSK, Ukraine — In one of the last remaining cities under Ukrainian control in the country's eastern Donetsk region, once a powerhouse of industry, life gets more difficult — and dangerous — as Russian forces inch closer. Your life depends on how our guys at the front hold on." Russian President Vladimir Putin is doubling down on seizing all of eastern Ukraine's Donbas, which includes the regions of Donetsk and Luhansk. The Kremlin wants to take the remaining land either by military force or as part of a deal to end a full-scale war it has waged on Ukraine for nearly four years. The fight for a key eastern city toggle caption Evgeniy Maloletka/AP Last week, Russia claimed its forces captured Pokrovsk, a small city in Donetsk that has served as a key supply route for Ukrainian troops. The better-resourced Russian army has taken 18 months to infiltrate Pokrovsk, where Ukrainian composer Mykola Leontovych wrote early drafts of "Shchedryk," a song that became the basis for the popular Christmas song "Carol of the Bells." NPR spoke to soldiers last month from several brigades defending Pokrovsk. "It won't be possible to hold on for long," said a drone pilot from the 68th Jaeger Brigade, who uses the call sign Goose, after Anthony Edwards' character in Top Gun. "I would like to be optimistic, but that's the reality." A sky of colliding drones toggle caption Evgeniy Maloletka/AP Goose and other soldiers painted a grim picture of Pokrovsk — a ruined city, heavy with the stench of smoke and corpses, most of them Russian, the soldiers said. Michael Kofman, a senior fellow at the Carnegie Endowment who focuses on defense analysis, said Russia has been deploying more drone teams like Rubicon and also increasing production of drone systems. Volodymyr, a spokesperson for the 7th Rapid Reaction Corps, said his unit also uses ground drones, also known as unmanned ground vehicles, but that Russian aerial drones are taking them out. The line was known colloquially as the Train of Love because it often carried the partners of soldiers traveling to those two cities to meet their loved ones on break from the front line.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Travel/video/waymo-cars-apparent-standoff-cause-traffic-jam-san-128229131
Article: Waymo cars in apparent ‘standoff’ cause traffic jam in San Francisco Three Waymo self-driving cars caused a traffic jam on a San Francisco street after they became involved in an apparent "standoff."

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/lawyers-argue-agreement-made-pandemic-shield-georgia-man-128230682
Article: Lawyers for a man facing execution in Georgia argue that an agreement related to the COVID-19 pandemic should protect him from being put to death for now ATLANTA -- Lawyers for a man set to be put to death next week in Georgia argue that an agreement entered into by the state and death penalty defense attorneys during the COVID-19 pandemic should shield their client from execution for the time being. Humphreys, 52, was convicted of malice murder in the 2003 killings of 33-year-old Cyndi Williams and 21-year-old Lori Brown at the real estate office where they worked in a suburb of Atlanta. After Georgia put executions on hold during the pandemic, the state attorney general's office entered into an agreement with lawyers for people on death row to set the terms under which they could resume. The agreement includes three conditions that must be met before executions could be scheduled for the covered prisoners: the expiration of the state’s COVID-19 judicial emergency, the resumption of normal visitation at state prisons and the availability of a COVID-19 vaccine “to all members of the public.” Additionally, state lawyers agreed that once those conditions were met, they would provide three months' notice before pursuing an execution warrant for one of the prisoners covered by the agreement and six months’ notice for the rest. Although the judicial emergency was lifted more than four years ago, defense attorneys say the other two conditions have not been met because visitation is “severely restricted” compared with its pre-pandemic levels and infants under 6 months old are not eligible for the vaccine. Humphreys' lawyers wrote in a lawsuit filed in October that the agreement's clear purpose was to allow lawyers for people on death row to adequately prepare for clemency proceedings and for the "frantic time period immediately leading up to execution proceedings." They argue that seeking to execute people who weren't included while the agreement remains in effect creates “a distinct, disfavored class” of death row prisoners who won't be guaranteed he same level of legal representation in violation of their constitutional rights to equal protection and due process. Lawyers for the state dispute that Humphreys' due process and equal protection rights would be violated, arguing that he has failed to show how his lawyers have been restricted from preparing for his upcoming execution because of COVID-19 or that the state has arbitrarily chosen to exclude him from the agreement. The state's lawyers also point out that death row prisoner Willie James Pye made similar arguments before his execution in March 2024 and a federal judge found that “the State clearly has a valid basis for drawing a line between the inmates covered and not covered by the Agreement.” A similar case brought by three other people on Georgia's death row was rejected by a federal judge and is pending before the 11th Circuit.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/fire-office-building-indonesias-capital-kills-17-people-128232523
Article: Fire in an office building in Indonesia's capital kills at least 17 people, police say Fire in an office building in Indonesia's capital kills at least 17 people, police say

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/vermont-rescue-team-sees-surge-calls-social-media-128237689
Article: In this photo released by the Stowe Mountain Rescue, Stowe Mountain Rescue responses to a 911 call from a lost skier and snowboarder in the backcountry outside Stowe Mountain Resort on Nov. (Stowe Mountain Rescue via AP) In this photo released by the Stowe Mountain Rescue, Stowe Mountain Rescue responses to a 911 call from a lost skier and snowboarder in the backcountry outside Stowe Mountain Resort on Nov. -- A rescue team that covers Vermont’s tallest mountain has been responding to calls in the area for decades, but in the last few years, the organization has seen an alarming rise in calls from inexperienced skiers. The two 19-year-olds had decided to drive up from New York to ski in the backcountry outside Stowe Mountain Resort after seeing videos of others doing so on social media, according to the rescue team. “These people are unprepared, they’re ill-equipped, they’re not in the right shape and they have no spatial awareness of where they are on the mountain, so it causes a problem very quickly.” Stowe Mountain Rescue now sees around eight missions to help groups of lost skiers per season, up from around three such calls only five years ago, and that doesn’t include rescues by Mount Mansfield Ski Patrol in bounds at the resort. Another problem, Wehse said, is that skiers are getting off the lift at Stowe and blindly following tracks left behind by other skiers that are taking them out of the ski boundary and into areas where they can no longer navigate back to the resort. The best place to start is in bounds.” Looking for ways to address the response to social media videos of "whooping skiers in knee-deep powder,” Stowe Mountain Rescue is considering the source.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/agency-reports-rise-violence-women-journalists-activists-linked-128236106
Article: UN Women partners has published a new study that found more than two-thirds of women journalists, rights defenders and activists have reported violence online FILE - The symbol of the United Nations is displayed outside the Secretariat Building, Feb. (AP Photo/John Minchillo, File) GENEVA -- UN Women and partners published a study Tuesday that found more than two-thirds of women journalists, rights defenders and activists have reported violence online, with over 40% saying they have faced real-world attacks linked to digital abuse. The report entitled "Tipping Point" focuses on an escalation in violence targeting such women alongside the rise of social media and artificial intelligence and draws on input from more than 6,900 human rights defenders, journalists and activists in 119 countries. “What begins on a screen can quickly fuel harassment, intimidation, and even real-world harm.” Some 41% of respondents said they experienced offline attacks, abuse or harassment that they linked with online violence in the forms of physical or sexual assault, stalking, verbal harassment and “swatting,” a tactic to get authorities to respond to an address by making bogus claims of violence happening inside. Women writers, influencers and social media content providers who focus on human rights are most often affected of such online violence, through the use of new tools like deepfake images or manipulated content, according to the study complied with partners like the European Commission. Lead researcher Julie Posetti said the tally of cases of real-world harm linked to online violence against women journalists has more than doubled over the past five years, with 42% of respondents in 2025 identifying "this dangerous and potentially deadly trajectory.” The authors call for stronger laws and better monitor to pinpoint violence against women linked to technology, more accountability for tech companies and increased efforts to amplify voices from men and others to speak out against such practices. “Women who speak up for our human rights, report the news or lead social movements are being targeted with abuse designed to shame, silence and push them out of public debate," UN Women policy director Sarah Hendricks said.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/brigitte-macron-faces-backlash-slur-feminist-protesters-128238392
Article: Brigitte Macron is facing criticism after being filmed using a slur against feminist protesters French President Emmanuel Macron and his wife Brigitte Macron wait to welcome Croatia's Prime Minister Andrej Plenkovic and his wife Ana Maslac Plenkovic, at the Elysee Palace in Paris, Monday, Dec. (AP Photo/Thomas Padilla) French President Emmanuel Macron and his wife Brigitte Macron wait to welcome Croatia's Prime Minister Andrej Plenkovic and his wife Ana Maslac Plenkovic, at the Elysee Palace in Paris, Monday, Dec. The scene filmed Sunday showed France’s first lady in discussion backstage at the Folies Bergère theatre in Paris with Ary Abittan, a French actor and humorist previously accused of rape, before a performance he was about to give. When he said he was feeling scared, she made a derogatory and sexist reference to the women, adding: “We’ll toss them out.” Her office said in a statement that she'd been trying to calm his nerves: “As the video shows, Mrs. She does, however, disapprove of the radical methods used to prevent an artist from performing on stage, as was the case on Saturday night.” The feminist campaign group “Nous Toutes” (“All of Us”) said its activists disrupted Abittan’s show to protest what it described as “the culture of impunity” around sexual violence in France. Magistrates terminated the investigation of the 2021 rape allegation against Abittan for lack of evidence in 2024, a decision then confirmed on appeal in January this year, according to French media. Rapists, we do not forgive you!” Opponents of President Emmanuel Macron on the left-wing of French politics criticized his wife's use of a sexist slur and some said she should apologize. Speaking to broadcaster RTL, Hollande said: “There's a problem of vulgarity." But on the French far-right, National Rally lawmaker Jean-Philippe Tanguy said Brigitte Macron's comments were delivered in private and “stolen." “If each of us were filmed backstage saying things with friends, I think there would be plenty to comment on," he told broadcaster BFMTV.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/wireStory/brad-raffensperger-sues-win-campaign-spending-power-georgia-128222460
Article: Burt Jones to raise unlimited contributions ATLANTA -- Secretary of State Brad Raffensperger is the latest Republican candidate for Georgia governor to attack campaign finance rules, saying they unconstitutionally limit his free speech while allowing Lt. Safe Affordable Georgia filed suit Monday in federal court in Atlanta asking a judge to rule that the political action committee chaired by Raffensberger can coordinate with his gubernatorial campaign in the same way that Jones' leadership committee can. “This filing simply asks the court to ensure fairness so that our committee has the same ability to communicate with voters as others already do,” Raffensperger said in a statement. “Equal access to speech isn't political or complicated — it's a foundational American principle that must be upheld.” Jones spokesperson Kayla Lott didn't comment on the substance of the lawsuit, only saying it is a “pathetic legal challenge.” Republican Attorney General Chris Carr, whose gubernatorial campaign filed its own unsuccessful lawsuit earlier this year trying to stop Jones from spending from his leadership committee, announced that his office would not defend the law in court, citing the conflict with his previous lawsuit. The Constitution does not allow this.” Jones, Raffensperger and Carr are the top Republicans vying to succeed Kemp, who legally can’t run again after two terms, along with numerous Democrats. Carr's lawsuit cited a 2022 federal court ruling that a leadership committee for Kemp couldn’t spend money during the Republican primary that year, finding the “unequal campaign finance scheme” violated challenger David Perdue’s First Amendment right to free speech. She said it was wrong to sue Jones and his campaign for “doing exactly what Georgia law allows them to do.” An opinion adopted by the Georgia Ethics Commission on Thursday found that Jones is allowed to loan $10 million to his leadership committee, even though Carr alleged it evaded campaign finance restrictions.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/wireStory/democrat-takes-trump-backed-candidate-miami-mayor-key-128230839
Article: A candidate backed by Donald Trump and one supported by national Democrats are facing off to be the next Miami mayor MIAMI -- A candidate backed by President Donald Trump and one supported by national Democratic figures face off Tuesday to be the next Miami mayor, in this sun-kissed city shaped by immigrants where both major parties are watching for a glimpse into their standing ahead of next year's midterms, particularly among Hispanic voters. The Miami mayoral runoff — one of the final electoral battles before the 2026 midterms — comes on the heels of Trump’s influence in shifting the city’s political landscape markedly to the right. Ruben Gallego and former Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel, have joined the campaign trail to help Higgins, a Democrat who served on the county commission before winning a runoff spot last month. A Democratic victory would add to the party’s momentum heading into a midterm election following successes in November's elections and a closer-than-expected loss in a special election last week for a Tennessee congressional district that Trump won by double digits last year. Higgins has proudly identified as “La Gringa,” a term Spanish speakers use for white Americans, but she also speaks Spanish and has represented the Cuban enclave of Little Havana as part of a district that leans conservative. Higgins has focused her campaign on local issues such as the cost of housing, but has also mentioned national ones, including the arrest of immigrants under the Trump administration in a city with sizable Hispanic and foreign-born populations. When pressed that most of those arrested had not committed violent offenses, he said it was “a federal issue.” Miami is Florida’s second-most populous city, behind Jacksonville, and considered the epicenter of the state’s diverse culture.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Business/wireStory/world-jointly-tackle-issues-climate-change-pollution-biodiversity-128232705
Article: The United Nations says the world needs a new way of thinking about environmental crises threatening the health of people and the planet UN says world must jointly tackle issues of climate change, pollution, biodiversity and land loss FILE - A resident rides a golf cart as he exits his property while the Canyon Fire burns on Aug. (AP Photo/Marcio Jose Sanchez, File) The world needs a new approach to environmental crises threatening the health of people and the planet by adopting policies to jointly tackle climate change, biodiversity loss, land degradation and pollution, according to a U.N. “You can’t think of climate change without thinking of biodiversity, land degradation and pollution,” said Bob Watson, one of the lead authors and a former top NASA and British climate scientist. "You can’t think of biodiversity loss without thinking about the implications of climate change and pollution." They’re “all undermining our economy," worsening health and poverty and threatening food and water security and even national security, Watson said. Emissions of heat-trapping greenhouse gases — primarily from burning fossil fuels such as coal, gas and oil — reached a new high in 2024, despite decades of negotiations between countries to curb emissions. Ten years ago, almost 200 nations signed the Paris Agreement with the goal of limiting future warming to no more than 1.5 degrees Celsius (2.7 degrees Fahrenheit) since preindustrial times to avoid or lessen the most catastrophic effects of climate change. What's more, climate change is a threat multiplier, meaning that it makes things like land degradation, deforestation and biodiversity loss worse, said Katharine Hayhoe, a climate scientist at Texas Tech University and chief scientist at the Nature Conservancy, who wasn't involved in the report. Among other challenges: Up to 40% of land area globally is degraded; more than 1 million plant and animal species face extinction; and pollution contributes to an estimated 9 million deaths a year. And the answer to that question is very much up for grabs at this point.” ___ The Associated Press’ climate and environmental coverage receives financial support from multiple private foundations.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Business/wireStory/imf-approves-12-billion-pakistan-bailout-citing-progress-128231957
Article: The International Monetary Fund says it has approved the release of $1.2 billion to Pakistan, giving the cash-strapped country a fresh boost as it works to recover from one of its worst economic crises in years ISLAMABAD -- The International Monetary Fund on Tuesday approved the release of $1.2 billion to Pakistan, giving the cash-strapped country a fresh boost as it works to recover from one of its worst economic crises in years. The IMF in a statement said its executive board completed two reviews of Pakistan’s economic programs, clearing about $1 billion under its main loan facility and another $200 million from a separate climate-focused program. He praised the government’s commitment to meeting next year’s budget targets while responding to flood damage, and urged Islamabad to keep monetary policy tight, allow the exchange rate to move freely and push ahead with long-delayed energy reforms.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Technology/wireStory/16000-fossil-footprints-central-bolivia-reveal-dinosaur-behavior-128225969
Article: Legend once had it that the huge, three-toed footprints scattered across the central highlands of Bolivia came from supernaturally strong monsters — capable of sinking their claws even into solid rock TORO TORO, Bolivia -- Legend once had it that the huge, three-toed footprints scattered across the central highlands of Bolivia came from supernaturally strong monsters — capable of sinking their claws even into solid stone. Then scientists came here in the 1960s and dispelled children's fears, determining that the strange footprints in fact belonged to gigantic, two-legged dinosaurs that stomped and splashed over 60 million years ago, in the ancient waterways of what is now Toro Toro, a village and popular national park in the Bolivian Andes. Now, a team of paleontologists, mostly from California’s Loma Linda University, have discovered and meticulously documented 16,600 such footprints left by theropods, the dinosaur group that includes the Tyrannosaurus rex. Their study, based on six years of regular field visits and published last Wednesday in the peer-reviewed journal PLOS One, reports that this finding represents the highest number of theropod footprints recorded anywhere in the world. “There’s no place in the world where you have such a big abundance of (theropod) footprints,” said Roberto Biaggi, a co-author of the study led by Spanish paleontologist Raúl Esperante. “We have all these world records at this particular site.” The dinosaurs that ruled the earth and roamed this region also made awkward attempts to swim here, according to the study, scratching at what was squishy lake-bottom sediment to leave another 1,378 traces. “This is a remarkable window into the lives and behaviors of dinosaurs at the end of the Cretaceous,” Butler added, referring to the period around 66 million years ago at the end of which an asteroid impact abruptly extinguished all dinosaurs and 75% of living species along with them, according to scientists. For all of the footprints and swim traces found across Bolivia’s Toro Toro, there are virtually no skeletal remains of the sort that litter the peaks and valleys of Argentine Patagonia and Campanha in Brazil. The team said the quantity and pattern of tracks — and the fact they were all found in the same sediment layer — suggest that dinosaurs didn’t settle in what is now Bolivia as much as trudge along an ancient coastal superhighway stretching from southern Peru into northwest Argentina. The range in footprint sizes indicated that giant creatures roughly 10 meters (33 feet) tall moved in a herd with tiny theropods the size of a chicken, 32 centimeters (1 foot) tall at the hip. In presenting a snapshot of everyday behavior footprints “reveal what skeletons cannot,” said Anthony Romilio, a paleontologist at the University of Queensland in Australia who also did not participate in the study.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/09/tuesday-stocks-from-analyst-calls-like-nvidia.html
Article: Here are Tuesday's biggest calls on Wall Street: RBC upgrades Wave Life Sciences to outperform from sector perform RBC upgraded Wave Life and said the biotech company showed impressive obesity data in a clinical trial. "Overall, we are impressed by the data and see upside from here given a very large market clear Pharma appetite for orthogonal mechanisms of action and a drug that is showing a very rapid shift in body composition that can be explored as monotherapy, add-on to incretin or in the post incretin settings." BMO initiates Delta and United as outperform BMO said Delta and United are extremely well positioned. "We believe Micron will also benefit from a 4-to-5-year-long upcycle, longer than the usual 2- to 3-year cycle historically." Bernstein initiates Nvidia outperform Bernstein said it's a "positive development" if reports are accurate that Nvidia is allowed to supply chips to customers in China. "On Monday President Trump announced that the US will allow NVIDIA to supply their H200 AI part to 'approved customers' in China, confirming news flow from earlier in the day and other market discussion from the past week. Nevertheless this would appear to be a positive development." Deutsche Bank reiterates Tesla as buy Deutsche said the stock is a top idea in 2026 and that Tesla can work for investors. "As for Tesla and Rivian, we continue to like the autonomy and AI angles, and believe that if Tesla demonstrates Robotaxi city expansion, Cybercab production, and progress on Optimus, the stock can work even if the EV business is weaker." Citizens JMP initiates Galaxy Digital as market outperform The firm said the crypto company is firing on all cylinders. "We initiate coverage of Galaxy Digital ( GLXY) with a Market Outperform rating and $60 price target, representing ~130% potential upside from the current share price." Wolfe upgrades Eaton to outperform from peer perform Wolfe said the electrical company is best positioned. We also see the potential for the multiple to expand from current ~25x." Citi reiterates Apple as buy Citi said its checks show Apple's iPhone 17 supply is still "constrained." The firm also raised its price target on the stock to $330 per share from $315, "After 12 weeks since the launch, we note that: 1) Supply is still constrained especially for base model. There is still around 10 days of wait time for the base model, compared with last year base model delivery time started to be immediately available since week 5; 2) Heading into Black Friday, delivery times in the US ticked up slightly W/W in the week ending 11/28 especially in the Air and Pro model." Goldman Sachs initiates Danaher, Thermo Fisher and Agilent as buy Goldman said all three life sciences companies are well positioned. "We emphasize the importance of end market exposure and highlight our differentiated analysis focused on decomposing 15+ growth drivers to identify cyclical inflection points/leading indicators and our proprietary survey work, which help drive our single stock calls. We are Buy rated on TMO , A, and DHR ." Goldman Sachs upgrades Viking Holdings to buy from neutral Goldman said the luxury cruise company has a differentiated offering. "In a world where there has been uncertainty around cruise and the consumer more generally, the benefits of VIK's differentiated geographic exposure and higher-income demographic have offset the choppier broader cruise trend and shone through in recent months, with a nice acceleration in the 2026 pricing curve and comfort in its insulation given its ~LSD% exposure to the Caribbean." Read more. "We believe MU is well poised to benefit from the upcoming memory cycle, with HBM [high bandwidth memory] driving structural changes in the industry that could warrant a higher valuation profile." Read more. "We are initiating on Vor Bio (VOR) with an Overweight rating and December 2026 price target of $43." Barclays initiates Hims & Hers as overweight Barclays initiated Hims & Hers and said the health tech company has a favorable setup. Looking forward to F26, we believe the recent addition of other growth drivers help create a more favorable setup for durable growth." RBC upgrades Colgate-Palmolive to outperform from sector perform RBC said investors should buy the dip. Shares have come under pressure as slowing global category growth has weighed on CL's prospects ending their run of 24 consecutive quarters of organic sales at or above their LT algo." Barclays initiates Amer Sports as overweight Barclays said the sports company is best positioned. "We view AS as a top-and bottom line compounder over a multi-year horizon." RBC upgrades RPM to outperform from sector perform RBC said buy the dip in the specialty coatings and sealers company. "We think RPM shares have hit a bottom based on: 1) Weak DIY but infrastructure exposure should sustain growth above peers; 2) Investments in SG & A are depressing NT margins but should drive future share gains/growth." Needham reiterates Netflix as buy Needham said it doesn't think Netflix needs Warner Bros Discovery. Without WBD, NFLX is more global, more nimble, more tech-first, and has more flexibility with the Hollywood unions (called Guilds)." UBS initiates NRG Energy as buy UBS said it sees more upside in shares of the energy company. "We initiate coverage on NRG with a Buy rating and a $211 price target, reflecting a compelling combination of free cash flow strength, strategic positioning, and differentiated growth drivers." Rosenblatt upgrades Synopsys to buy from neutral Rosenblatt upgraded the stock ahead of earnings on December 10. "We expect an in-line quarter for Synopsys following the Q3 miss and guidance cut, which was largely driven by IP segment issues and the China market, both of which we expect to see improvements in over the next couple of quarters." Citi initiates Ligand Pharmaceuticals as buy Citi called the biopharma company a "goldilocks pick." "We are initiating coverage of LGND with a Buy/High Risk rating and $270 TP."

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/09/australia-social-media-ban-set-to-take-effect.html
Article: Australia is set to become the first country to implement a minimum age for social media use on Wednesday, with platforms like Instagram, TikTok and YouTube forced to block more than a million accounts, marking the beginning of an expected global wave of regulation. Governments from Denmark to Malaysia — and even some states in the U.S., where platforms are rolling back trust and safety features — say they plan similar steps, four years after a leak of internal Meta, documents showed the company knew its products contributed to body image problems and suicidal thoughts among teenagers while publicly denying the link existed. is very much the canary in the coal mine." A spokesperson for the British government, which in July began forcing websites hosting pornographic content to block under-18 users, said it was "closely monitoring Australia's approach to age restrictions." "When it comes to children's safety, nothing is off the table," they added. The eSafety Commissioner, an Australian regulator tasked with enforcing the ban, hired Stanford University and 11 academics to analyse data on thousands of young Australians covered by the ban for at least two years.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/09/5-things-to-know-before-the-stock-market-opens.html
Article: The Department of Commerce is finalizing the details, Trump said in a social media post, adding that "the same approach will apply to AMD , Intel " and other U.S. CEO Mark Zuckerberg began the year by touting Meta's Llama family of AI models, which he said would become the "most advanced in the industry." But CNBC has learned that Meta is now focused on a new AI model codenamed Avocado that could be proprietary instead of open source. A White House official told CNBC that up to $11 billion of that sum will go to the Agriculture Department's new Farmer Bridge Assistance program to distribute one-time payments to row crop farmers.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/9/lithuania-declares-state-of-emergency-over-smuggler-balloons-from-belarus?traffic_source=rss
Article: The declaration by Prime Minister Inga Ruginiene on Tuesday came amid growing tension between Lithuania and its neighbour over the balloons, which have previously been used to smuggle cigarettes but are now suspected to be operated by Belarusian security services. Vilnius has accused Minsk, a close ally of Russia, of mounting a “hybrid attack”, with the flights into Lithuanian airspace leading to the repeated closure of the country’s airports in recent months. “All institutions are joining forces to address the threat posed by smuggling balloons.” The balloons are widely used by smugglers to illicitly transport cigarettes into Lithuania, but Interior Minister Vladislav Kondratovic said it is believed that Minsk is involved in orchestrating the flights. Testing defences The measure comes amid widespread concern in Europe that, as its war in Ukraine grinds on, Russia is increasingly using hybrid warfare, including sabotage and espionage, and testing of NATO defences. In October, Lithuanian authorities temporarily closed two border crossings in response to the airspace violations by the balloons, measures that Belarusian President Alexander Lukashenko denounced as part of a “hybrid war” against his country. According to the Lithuanian government, Vilnius international airport has been closed for more than 60 hours since October due to the threat posed to civil aviation by the balloons, affecting more than 350 flights and approximately 51,000 passengers. The “emergency situation” is one step below a “state of emergency”, which can only be declared by the parliament when the country’s constitutional order is imperilled, the AFP news agency reported.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/9/whats-changed-in-sudan-after-the-rapid-support-forces-control-of-heglig?traffic_source=rss
Article: The Rapid Support Forces’ control of the Heglig oilfield means that the most important functioning oil facility in Sudan has fallen outside the control of the central government, with production halted and workers evacuated towards neighbouring South Sudan. The importance of this event is not merely symbolic; Heglig is a strategic hub on three levels: Economically: The Heglig field processes between 80,000 and 100,000 barrels per day for the benefit of Sudan and South Sudan, and the pipeline to Port Sudan passes through it. The army’s withdrawal from the field – even if justified as being for the “protection of facilities” – reflects a shift in the balance of power in the region in favour of the RSF and their allies. In this sense, the fall of Heglig will raise the cost of continuing the war for the government to an unprecedented level since April 2023, as it strikes at the last “economic pillar” on which the army’s authority in the east and north could rely. Advertisement A strategic shift, no end to the war in sight From a politico-military perspective, the effect of losing the Heglig oilfield can be read in three overlapping directions: First: strengthening the RSF’s ability to impose new negotiating realities. Control of Heglig will undoubtedly give the RSF economic weight and allow its leader Hemedti to claim that he controls not only territory but also a strategic resource equivalent to a “state card”. Second: The control of Heglig restricts the army’s ability to finance its operations and maintain local loyalties, confirming that this loss comes after losing most of Darfur’s and western Sudan’s gold to the RSF and its networks. In the future, Khartoum will also have to depend on internal taxation in the east and north – namely, what remains of South Sudan’s oil transit fees, if they continue. Field analyses reported in recent news coverage suggest the RSF will use its momentum in Heglig to advance towards Dilling and Kadugli, and possibly Abu Jubeiha, in preparation for strangling el-Obeid. All indicators suggest that the cost of continuing the war for the government is rising both economically and politically, but this does not automatically mean an immediate readiness for settlement, for the following reasons: The military leadership’s discourse in Port Sudan is still based on the idea that any early settlement with the RSF would mean rewarding a “rebel militia” and possibly the end of the historical army. Advertisement The army is also betting on clearer support from certain regional countries, such as Egypt, and some international powers that see the RSF as a threat to their own regional security. The fall of the city of el-Fasher militarily, followed by the fall of the Heglig oilfield into RSF hands, may not yet push both sides to a serious negotiating table; rather, violations and massacres may increase. This suggests that Heglig alone will not be enough to pivot towards a settlement, but it does accelerate the exhaustion process that could make regional and international players more insistent on negotiations. There is no doubt that the battle of Heglig, which was decided in the RSF’s favour, will increase economic pressure on General Burhan’s government and weaken its position, but the shift towards accepting serious negotiations depends on the accumulation of such defeats combined with external pressure from sponsoring states, rather than on this single event. If we place the fall of the Heglig oilfield on a timeline alongside the fall of el-Fasher, a broader picture emerges: El-Fasher was the last major army stronghold in Darfur; its fall after a siege lasting more than 500 days made it difficult to imagine the army’s return to the region in the foreseeable future, and opened the door to the emergence of a de facto entity led by the RSF. The RSF’s movements in West and South Kordofan, allied in some areas with the Sudan People’s Liberation Movement–North (al-Hilu), have turned the region into a knot of three-way conflict: The army, the RSF, and an armed movement with a longstanding political project. Redrawing the map of control remains highly complex; some media reports suggest that the possibility of dividing Sudan into a north and east under army control, and a west, most of Darfur, and wide parts of Kordofan under RSF control and its allies, has become increasingly noticeable. In recent weeks, multiple indications of the new United States administration’s role have emerged, stated more than once by the president, especially during his meeting at the White House with Saudi Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman, who invited President Trump to intervene personally to help end the war in Sudan, within a four-party coordination framework (Saudi Arabia, UAE, Egypt, US). Advertisement US Secretary of State Marco Rubio has said Trump “is personally overseeing efforts to end the war in Sudan”, along with a warning to Sudan against allowing Russia to have a naval base on the Red Sea. International newspapers reported last week that the Sudanese government in Port Sudan offered Russia a 25‑year agreement to establish its first naval base in Africa, granting Moscow access to the Red Sea, in addition to gold mining benefits. These reports suggest that the base would give Russia a strategic foothold to monitor navigation to and from the Suez Canal, a development that worries the US, which is competing with Moscow and Beijing for military influence in Africa. Washington sees the proposed agreement as a direct threat to its interests in the Red Sea and to its strategic superiority in global trade routes, and considers allowing Moscow a permanent foothold on Sudan’s coast as a development that shifts the balance of power in the region in favour of Russia and China. The RSF now control gold resources and informal trade routes, and are extending towards oil, while the army dominates ports and taxes in the east and north, and other armed movements retain local resources in their areas of influence. In this context, control of Heglig seems to be another step in the path of “commodifying the state” – turning oil and gold into an institutional substitute for the state itself. Even if a ceasefire is imposed under international pressure, or an overarching political deal is reached, the persistence of these armed‑economic networks will leave Sudan vulnerable to repeated rounds of violence whenever disputes arise over revenue distribution. In conclusion, the advance of the RSF and their control of Heglig represents a decisive turning point that deepens the imbalance of power and weakens the last pillars of the government’s economy, thereby increasing the cost of war for Khartoum and bringing closer the moment of negotiation – although the event alone is insufficient without cumulative gains on the ground and simultaneous international pressure. Between the fall of el-Fasher and Heglig, it becomes clear that Sudan is heading towards a spatial fragmentation into spheres of influence rather than experiencing a traditional war targeting the capital. In this context, the involvement of President Trump in the crisis could be a catalyst for a new negotiation track, but its success will remain dependent on his ability to support a broader internal Sudanese process that engages civilians and addresses the roots of the conflict, foremost among them dismantling the war economy that spurs the continuation of the dispute.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/9/new-cambodia-thailand-clash-whats-up-with-the-other-wars-trump?traffic_source=rss
Article: The latest clashes have threatened to shatter Cambodia and Thailand’s delicate truce, which was first agreed in July before an expanded version was signed in October in a meeting attended by President Trump. By ending this War, we have saved thousands of lives.” Advertisement Below are the main points about the ceasefire: In the deal brokered by Malaysia and the US, both countries agreed to military de-escalation, including removing heavy weaponry and landmines from the border under ASEAN supervision. “For all of us who are keen observers, the ceasefire was forced by the Trump administration and Trump’s involvement,” Virak Ou, the founder of Cambodian think tank Future Forum, told Al Jazeera. He added that ASEAN monitoring observation teams have not been empowered with enough resources to enforce the truce, while rising nationalism in both countries has also fanned the flames of the conflict. The US president has claimed to have played a role in stopping or resolving wars or conflicts as follows: • Thai-Cambodia border clashes • Armenia and Azerbaijan deal • Rwanda and the Democratic Republic of the Congo agreement • Israel and Iran ceasefire • Israel’s genocidal war on Gaza • India and Pakistan truce • Egypt and Ethiopia tensions • Serbia and Kosovo conflict. While US weapons and the country’s ironclad diplomatic support for Israel have been critical in Israel’s genocidal war on Gaza, Trump is also widely believed to have pressured Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu more than his predecessor, Joe Biden, to end the Gaza war. But while the two nations have had tense relations, especially over a hydroelectric dam which opened on a tributary of the Nile River, they have not been in any war. In August, Trump oversaw a peace agreement between Armenia and Azerbaijan at the White House, which promises to end a simmering conflict that often exploded into open war since the dissolution of the Soviet Union in 1991.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/sports/2025/12/9/world-cup-2026-iran-objects-to-pride-match-branding-for-egypt-game?traffic_source=rss
Article: Iran’s football chief has objected to the “irrational” branding of its World Cup 2026 match against Egypt, which local organisers in the United States have suggested will be held in support of the LGBTQ community. The organising committee in Seattle, Washington state, where the match is scheduled to take place next year, had previously announced their intention to hold a “Pride Match” coinciding with the northwestern city’s Pride Weekend in late June. The head of Iran’s Football Federation, Mehdi Taj, was quoted by local news agency ISNA as saying Tehran and Cairo had both raised “objections against the issue”, which he labelled an “irrational move that supports a certain group”. On Tuesday, Taj said some Iranian players might face visa problems over their service in the Iranian military, which includes the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps (IRGC) – designated a “terrorist organisation” by the US in 2019.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/golden-retriever-meets-new-puppy-viewers-obsessed-response-11179570
Article: When Cody the golden retriever was introduced to his new sibling, his owner probably would have hoped for some happy tail wags and some curious sniffs to show his curiosity. In the days since the video was shared online, it has gone viral already with over 8.3 million views and more than 1.7 million likes on TikTok at the time of writing. Cody’s owner even joked in a comment that she had no idea her "only child would be a good sharer so quickly." Since the video went viral, thousands of TikTok users have taken to the comments section to praise the golden’s antics, while others shared their own experiences of introducing the resident pet to their new sibling (which didn’t always go to plan). One comment reads: "The dog got a dog for the dog." Another TikTok user wrote: "Let’s just say our dog did not react the same way." A third person joked: "Most aggressive golden retriever." One commenter replied: "he couldn’t contain his big feelings." Do you have funny and adorable videos or pictures of your pet you want to share?

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/saudi-arabia-and-qatar-take-step-forward-on-high-speed-rail-plan-11179699
Article: Why It Matters The project, the first of its kind between the two Gulf neighbors, marks a significant step towards regional integration in a region where relations have only recently thawed following years of tension. What To Know King Salman International Airport in Riyadh is set to be linked to Hamad International Airport in Doha as part of an agreement signed in Riyadh and witnessed by Saudi Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman and Qatar’s Emir Sheikh Tamim bin Hamad Al Thani. The project is envisioned as an advanced, sustainable corridor that will improve mobility and strengthen trade, tourism, and economic integration throughout the Gulf, according to Saudi Transport Minister Saleh al-Jasser. What People Are Saying In a post on X , the Saudi Press Agency, the official state news agency, reported a statement as saying that the "two sides stress the importance of enhancing the reliability and stability of global energy markets and ensuring the security of supplies for all energy sources globally, serving the interests of both producers and consumers and supporting global economic growth. They emphasize the project's status as a major strategic initiative, aligning with the goals of both #SaudiVision2030 and Qatar National Vision 2030." What Happens Next The high-speed rail project is expected to be completed within six years, with construction and operational planning proceeding according to the agreement's timeline.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/amazon-shopper-dream-designer-bag-paying-0-guilty-11179635
Article: On Coach’s website, the Swing Zip retails for £295 (approximately $370), though certain colors and limited editions can fetch higher prices depending on availability, making snagging any discount a win for shoppers. When the bag arrived, she reached back out to confirm the partial refund—only to be told that, due to a pricing issue, Amazon would be refunding her entire order and she could keep the bag.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/americans-warned-travel-tropical-areas-11179746
Article: Americans traveling to either Cuba, Bangladesh, Sri Lanka, or Guangdong Province in China, have been warned by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) of an outbreak of the mosquito-borne virus, chikungunya. Why It Matters Chikungunya is known for causing severe joint pain, fever, and, in rare cases, life-threatening complications, with symptoms typically developing within three to seven days after a mosquito bite. As of December 5, the CDC issued Level 2 travel warnings —which encourage travelers to “practice enhanced precautions”—for Americans traveling to Cuba, Bangladesh, Sri Lanka, and Guangdong Province in China—which are, at least in part, considered tropical regions—due to an outbreak of chikungunya in these regions. Reports from the World Health Organization (WHO) indicate that there have been over 445,000 suspected and confirmed chikungunya cases and 155 deaths from 40 countries between January and September 2025. Newborns infected in this way or by a mosquito bite are at risk for severe illness, including poor long-term outcomes.” The WHO has warned: “Patients suspected of having CHIKV infection should avoid getting mosquito bites during the first week of illness to prevent further transmission to mosquitoes, that may in turn infect other people.” What Happens Next The CDC will continue to monitor chikungunya activity and update travel advisories as outbreaks evolve.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nfl/eagles-saquon-barkley-defends-jalen-hurts-after-chargers-loss-11180236
Article: Read more: Cam Newton Issues Warning for Chiefs, Patrick Mahomes Amid Rough Season Following the game, a reporter asked Barkley to speak about Hurts and what happened on the field in Los Angeles. "I don't really know what the numbers were, but in my opinion, when we got the ball back in overtime, and I got Jalen Hurts as my quarterback, I got all the confidence that we're gonna win that football game," Barkley told reporters, adding, "Sometimes it just doesn't work." "This doesn't change anything. We know what we want to accomplish, and we've got a long ways to go," Barkley said of his team's situation, mentioning they'd "move on and get ready for the next one." The Eagles running back also said he's a "big believer in pointing the thumb, not the finger," and would start with taking accountability for how he could have performed better.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/foster-puppy-struggles-siblings-adopted-another-dog-mom-11179540
Article: Compared to his siblings, Tusche was this tiny, delicate bundle and that smallness was the very first thing that caught my heart." Caring for puppies that young is no easy task, but Tusche’s size made it particularly challenging for Comer and those at Best Friends who provided support throughout the process. At first, I had to make sure he could nurse properly, but by the next morning, he was struggling so much that I kept him warm with heated washcloths until I could get him to the Best Friends clinic," Comer said. While his siblings grew big and strong in the weeks that followed, Tusche struggled to keep up, needing lots of extra help from Comer and Best Friends in Northwest Arkansas. Then, in October, she got another call from Best Friends asking if she would consider fostering a dog called Donna and her 11 puppies, who were later christened the Dynamos. While not a standard practice, Best Friends veterinarians evaluated the situation, took all health precautions, and determined it would be safe to try, given both litters had been born in foster homes. "Our team of lifesaving specialists and veterinarians at the Best Friends Pet Resource Center in Northwest Arkansas evaluated Tusche’s health and the steps we had taken so far," Castle said. The team determined that, if Tusche could be integrated into Donna’s litter, that would give him the best chance of getting healthy." A 2011 study published in the journal Veterinary Record highlighted how puppies separated from their mom and litter too early are more likely to show fear, aggression, anxiety, resource guarding, reactivity and inappropriate play-biting than those who stay with them for at least eight weeks. The hope was that Donna and her puppies could help replicate that experience for Tusche while getting well enough to survive on his own and get adopted, something Castle says is "the ultimate goal for every dog and cat in our care." Comer agreed and, on their very first night when the entire litter woke up around 2 a.m., took the opportunity to place Tusche among them, rubbing him along Donna’s body while she continued to nurse the pups. "It was truly heartwarming to see him fit right in and to witness the surrogate mama's acceptance and nurturing behavior toward him." From those first tentative steps, Tusche has now taken significant strides in both his growth and personality, with Comer saying, "you'd never know he’s not one of them." "Being integrated with the surrogate litter tremendously helped him develop social skills such as learning to play," she said.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/donald-trump-head-effigy-fire-burning-of-the-devil-11179946
Article: What To Know People in Guatemala celebrate on December 7 the tradition known as “La Quema del Diablo” which means “burning of the devil.” The annual celebration starts the Christmas season and is considered as a way for people rid themselves of evil. As part of the festivities, people build bonfires outside their homes in a tradition which has special significance in Guatemala City due to its association with the Feast of the Immaculate Conception honoring the city’s patron saint. The clip showed the devil on fire during the festivities with the caption, “an effigy of Trump is set ablaze as part of Guatemala’s annual ‘Burning of the Devil.’” Without mentioning Trump, local resident Aldahir Gonzalez told the news agency that the festival represented “the triumph of good over evil and all bad things, and to let go of bad things.” It is not clear from the footage the main reason for Trump being set alight and the ambience at the festival was light-hearted, but it is not the first time that revelers in Guatemala have set representations of the U.S. During the same festival in 2016, cardboard depictions of Trump wearing devil horns were set alight following a year in which on the presidential campaign trail, he vowed to build a war along the U.S.-Mexico border, as per Reuters. Trump’s return to office this year was celebrated by Guatemalan conservative elites, who had hoped it would mean an end to travel bans and economic sanctions imposed on many of them by the previous Biden administration. What People Are Saying Reuters reported: “Guatemalans burn effigies, including one of Trump, as part of the colonial-era Burning of the Devil tradition, which combines purification rituals and political protest.” Aldahir Gonzalez, a local man at the festival, told Reuters: “All this represents the burning of evil.” What Happens Next The U.S.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nfl/chargers-justin-herbert-called-out-for-behavior-after-win-over-eagles-11180272
Article: Justin Herbert and the Los Angeles Chargers pulled out a closely-contested victory on Monday night, taking down the Philadelphia Eagles with a 22-19 final score in overtime at SoFi Stadium. Herbert, who underwent surgery just last week to repair his broken non-throwing hand, gutted it out and led his team to victory in a primetime "Monday Night Football" matchup against the reigning Super Bowl champions. He eventually stopped to answer questions about his defense's game-sealing interception and his broken left hand, but some onlookers considered his postgame behavior "rude." "I’m sorry I thought Justin Herbert was extremely rude to ESPN’s Laura Rutledge. "Elite stuff from @LauraRutledge on chasing down Chargers QB Justin Herbert, who was as rude as I've ever seen a *winning* quarterback for a postgame interview for the TV broadcast.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/donald-trump-republicans-midterm-strategy-11179571
Article: Writing on X, Democrats reacted to a The Mom View podcast interview in which White House Chief of Staff Susie Wiles said that, instead of focusing on local issues, the GOP will put Trump "on the ballot" to encourage voter turnout. Why It Matters The Republican Party recently performed poorly in a series of elections on November 4, including in the New York City mayoral election, in which Democratic socialist Zohran Mamdani defeated independent Andrew Cuomo and Republican Curtis Sliwa. What To Know Susie Wiles said on The Mom View that Trump was a "difference maker" in elections, and the Republican losses on November 4 were down to him not being on the ballot. PLEASE, SUSIE, GET TRUMP EVERYWHERE!!!!" Dan Pfeiffer, co-host of Pod Save America and a former adviser to Barack Obama, wrote: "please." California Democrat Ted Lieu wrote: "THANK YOU for rerunning your 2017-18 strategy of putting Trump on the ballot!! A recent poll by The Economist/YouGov found Trump’s approval rating at its lowest level since he returned to office in January, with 39 percent approving of the job he is doing and 58 percent disapproving, a net approval rating of -19 points. Nevertheless, Trump has claimed he is popular and that polls like these are "fake." What People Are Saying Susie Wiles said on The Mom View: "Typically, in the midterms, it's not about who's sitting at the White House. And we saw a week ago Tuesday what happens when he’s not on the ballot and not active." She added: "He's going to campaign like it's 2024 again…He's a difference maker and he's certainly a turnout machine." Calvin Jillson, a politics professor at Southern Methodist University in Texas told Newsweek: "Susie Wiles, of course, knows that midterm elections are regularly described as a referendum on the incumbent president; they are not run, as she suggests, on local issues. Moreover, recent polling suggests that Democrats are looking forward to 2026 with enthusiasm, focused on the theme of ‘affordability,’ while Republicans listen nervously as President Trump derides affordability concerns as a hoax. So, a new White House strategy certainly was needed." "Wiles is likely right that putting Trump back out on the campaign trial will energize low propensity Republican voters; but it will also further energize Democrat voters and probably not change the overall trajectory of the election." What Happens Next The midterm elections take place in November 2026.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/woman-asked-for-gift-advice-in-store-not-prepared-for-what-she-hears-next-11176803
Article: Nicole, as user nicbcole on TikTok, drew more than 84,000 views on a video taken in Target as she walked the aisles shortly after an interaction with a man who asked her for advice. Poor Impression Nicole already had a poor impression of the man, and she didn't feel any better when he showed her what he was thinking of getting for his wife. "That's the birthday gift, because you really screwed up this year," Nicole said, "Hopefully you do better next year." Nicole added that she gave him one more out, asking if the couple had been considering remodeling their bathroom lately. "It may send the message that their partner is lazy, indifferent or doesn’t prioritize them, which can quickly cause a relationship to lose its spark," Gale told Newsweek in an email. "Thoughtful gift-giving is about more than the gift itself—it’s about showing your partner that they matter." Gale added that men do seem more likely to pass off emotional labor to women, which often stems from family dynamics and cultural norms. If the gift isn’t well-received, they might feel rejected or like they’ve failed as a partner." After viewing Nicole's video, Gale said it's important to understand your partner's love language and to choose gifts that align with that love language.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/entertainment/dead-stranger-things-characters-fans-believe-could-return-in-finale-11179579
Article: As Stranger Things hurtles toward its 2-hour finale, fans are been busy theorizing how characters who died thanks to the Upside Down in previous seasons could stage a dramatic comeback. Despite the show’s creators, and even former cast members, hinting that some deaths are final, fans remain deeply invested in one question that has been circulating online for months: Which beloved character could be revived next? Indeed, the fantasy role-playing game gained cult status with kids in the 70s and 80s, becoming a source inspiration for Matt and Ross Duffer in building the Stranger Things fictional world. His body, however, was never retrieved, and townsfolk continued to blame him for the murder of Chrissy Cunningham and the spooky events that followed in the once sleepy Midwest town. He told viewers that his idea is linked to Dungeons & Dragons, namely the “Kas Theory,” which draws parallels between Eddie and Kas the Bloody-Handed, a vampire lieutenant of Vecna in the table-top game. Another creator, @gossipglitz6, added to this theory by pointing out that Eddie's body was never retrieved, which could pave way for Vecna to take control of it, leading to more screentime for the fan favorite played by Joseph Quinn. A third possibility comes from a season 4 moment where Nancy Wheeler realizes that time is frozen in the Upside Down on November 5, 1983—the same day Will Byers first went missing in season 1. Fans have suggested Billy could resurface in new scenes as a twisted echo, potentially haunting Max again as she lies unconscious in her hospital bed, with her mind tethered to Vecna’s domain. Several viewers have shared that they think Billy is alive and well in the Upside Down, having been replaced by something of a clone controlled by Vecna in season 3. They drew on similarities in how both the "cloned" Billy and Vecna hate the heat and speak warmly to Max, despite them not being on good terms before Billy's car accident that led to him crossing paths with the Upside Down. Bob Newby (Sean Astin) Sean Astin’s kindhearted Bob Newby became a fan favorite in Season 2, as Joyce Byers’ sweet, tech-savvy boyfriend who had been pining after her since high school. Several eagle-eyed fans spotted a reference to the Newby family in the Oklahoma poster seen at the beginning of episode four, during Max's walk through Vecna's memories from high school in 1959. Barb’s death in season 1 was the show’s first major casualty and became the subject of the viral #JusticeForBarb movement, after the town—and the show itself—seemed to move on from her. While it is unlikely Barb will be revived, the reappearance of her corpse may serve as a final chapter for her arc—especially for Nancy Wheeler, who has long blamed herself for Barb’s tragic fate.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/mom-rule-list-toddler-meals-backlash-dont-get-lazy-11179120
Article: It all started when Allison Robinson (@allisonchristinerob) took her 2-year-old to Disney on Ice, where she snacked on handfuls of oranges, while many other kids enjoyed snow cones and cotton candy. We plan ahead, we prepare and we don’t get lazy." The mom said that, from the beginning, their goal was to avoid added sugar and processed foods for as long as possible. Both parents regularly complete 'Whole 30'—an elimination diet to reduce cravings and identify possible food intolerances—and already prepared most of their own meals, so extending these principles to their daughter felt natural. "I had read extensively about how food dyes, chemicals and added sugars can impact brain development, so my initial focus was simply to reach her first birthday with this approach," Robinson told Newsweek. "We didn't buy prepackaged snacks and made everything from scratch, starting with her purees." Their commitment to this way of eating deepened when their daughter was diagnosed with epilepsy at 5 months old.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/polar-vortex-threatens-frigid-temps-and-heavy-snow-in-these-areas-11176786
Article: A disruptive polar vortex is set to usher in three successive waves of Arctic air across the central and eastern United States through mid-December, bringing dangerously low temperatures and the potential for heavy snow. According to forecasts from AccuWeather, the first wave of cold began sweeping through the Midwest earlier this week, with subzero temperatures forecast for states including North Dakota, Minnesota, Iowa and Nebraska. "If the sides of the bowl break and crack, this allows cold air to spill out and affect the surrounding area." 'Coldest in years' The cold surges will challenge infrastructure across large swaths of the country. Nighttime lows are forecast to dip into the single digits and teens as far south as the central Plains and interior Southeast, with wind chills making it feel 10 to 25 degrees colder than actual temperatures. "As with any prognosis, there is some level of uncertainty in how the polar vortex will ultimately shape up, but conditions are prime for extreme cold and higher snow accumulations than average for December." To read how Newsweek uses AI as a newsroom tool, click here.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/maybach-to-launch-a-timeshare-like-experience-at-sea-in-2029-11177330
Article: The membership club, founded in partnership with Splendid Sea AG, is a first-of-its kind experience meant to transfer the ultra-luxury lifestyle that the Maybach brand brings to the open road to the water.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/two-barge-failures-one-outdated-law-opinion-11174785
Article: A barge carrying almost 200 containers from Florida to Puerto Rico ran aground recently in the Bahamas after the tow line connecting it to its tugboat failed amid windy conditions. Insulated from overseas competition, saddled with outdated technology and woefully inefficient, these yards suffer from low volumes and prices that are approximately five times higher than those of shipyards in Japan and South Korea. Testifying before Congress in 1968, the president of the Alaska Steamship Company—which operated barges—described the service as “slow and unreliable” and “not the most effective way to serve the people of Alaska.” More than half a century later, the Congressional Research Service echoed the same warning, noting that substituting barges for ships means moving cargo “in smaller, slower, and less reliable conveyances,” even as trucks, trains and pipelines have become faster and more efficient. When American companies are forced to rely on equipment that is slower, smaller and less seaworthy because federal policy artificially inflates ship prices, the resulting delays, losses and failures should come as no surprise.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/jennifer-welch-erika-charlie-kirk-podcast-viral-liberal-conservative-11179745
Article: Jennifer Welch has sparked fury online after she said that Erika Kirk, wife of the late conservative activist Charlie Kirk, was an “opportunistic grifter” and described Charlie Kirk as a “racist” during an episode of her I’ve Had It podcast. Though there was an outpouring of grief in the wake of his passing, there was also a significant amount of criticism shared toward Kirk and his beliefs, which in turn underscored the current polarized state of politics in America. This response heightened tensions and was swiftly responded to by the Trump administration, with Vice President JD Vance encouraging people to report those who may be celebrating his killing to their employer. She said: “I think there’s a tendency, especially when you live in a city like Manhattan, where, again, you are so career-driven, and you almost look to the government as a form of replacement for certain things, relationship-wise, even.” Kirk went on to say that she didn't want women in New York City to rely on the government and put off marriage and having a family. In response, Welch said that Erika Kirk is “weaponizing” her gender while being a “full-time working mother.” “You are an opportunistic grifter who weaponizes your gender to demean women, and you are a walking, talking, breathing example as to why nobody, number one, wants to be a Christian, and number two, wants to be a female hypocrite such as yourself,” Welch said, adding: “This woman should be kicked to the curb.” The podcaster continued, adding, “She is an absolute grifter – just like Donald Trump and her unrepentant, racist, homophobic husband was.” Angie Sullivan, who co-hosts the I’ve Had It podcast with Welch, then added: “Maybe there’s more to life than identifying yourself as someone’s wife or someone’s mother.” Welch’s remarks have quickly been met with criticism online, with social media users labeling her “dumb” and “miserable.” Erika Kirk, meanwhile, has come under fire for her remarks over women and family, with critics arguing this position is hypocritical as she herself earned a degree and founded a nonprofit before getting married and having children in her 30s. Miserable liberal white women.” Kurt Schlichter, a lawyer and writer with over 600,000 followers on X, wrote on the social media platform: “Ugly inside and out - the perfect Dem.” The social media account @catturd2, which has 3.9 millions followers on X, in a post viewed over 80,000 times: “Botox Betty is saying dumb s*** again.” Matt Bernstein, a content creator, in a reel shared to Instagram viewed 1.8 million times, following Erika Kirk’s interview with The Times: “Why is the New York Times giving yet another microphone to a woman who wants to tell the women of New York City, a place she does not live in, that they should deprioritize their careers while she grifts off her dead husband, to make one for herself?” What Happens Next?

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/mlb/bryan-mata-japan-red-sox-11177799
Article: The Red Sox farm system is undergoing a pitching renaissance under chief baseball officer Craig Breslow, producing such prospects as Connolly Early and Payton Tolle, who have already pitched in the major leagues, as well as 2025 first-round draft pick Kyson Witherspoon, second-rounder Marcus Phillips, 2022 trade acquisition David Sandlin and quite a few others. Bryan Mata, a 2015 international signing out of Venezeula, recovered from Tommy John surgery — and another missed season due to the 2020 pandemic-related minor league shutdown — to rise to the Red Sox's No. But despite an impressive spring training this year that prompted Red Sox manager Alex Cora to describe Mata as "throwing the (expletive) out of the ball," as he "put himself on the map," Mata never received the call to join the big league club. Since the end of the minor league season, Mata has pitched for Navegantes del Magallanes of the Venezuelan Winter League, where he has started six games and appeared out of the bullpen in two more, with 28 strikeouts and a 3.30 ERA. More MLB: Red Sox See 101 mph 26-Year-Old Righty Turn Back on Team in Free Agency Citing agent Felix Olivo, Rodríguez reported that "Mata has agreed with a Japanese team. A new path opens for the Maracay native after eight seasons in the minors of the Boston Red Sox." Rodríguez did not indicate which Japanese team Mata had agreed to join. The Venezuelan journalist's report was echoed by Boston Sports Journal Red Sox reporter Chris Henrique, who wrote that Mata had "robust interest from teams around the league and overseas, according to a league source." The season with a yet-unidentified Japanese team will allow Mata "a full reset year and a chance to rebuild his value," according to Henrique. Why Mata made the decision to jump to Japan is not yet clear, but the Toronto Blue Jays recently awarded a three-year, $30 million contract to pitcher Cody Ponce, following his dominant season in the Korea Baseball Organization.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/trump-admin-releases-new-earnings-indicator-for-college-degrees-11179257
Article: Donald Trump’s Department of Education (ED) has released a new earnings indicator for students and families to determine how much a college degree could be worth to them from universities across the U.S. With national student loan debt nearing $1.7 trillion and skepticism about what a college degree is actually worth on the rise, understanding which colleges deliver—and which do not—is crucial for students weighing the cost and benefit of a degree. What To Know ED has launched a new feature that will alert those who fill out the Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA), if a chosen college's graduates typically earn less than high school graduates. The new earnings indicator now appears on a student’s FAFSA Submission Summary if they select a college where the median earnings of graduates, four years post-graduation, fall below those of the average high school graduate in the same state. The message reads: "Students graduating from some of the schools you selected don’t always earn more money than people with only a high school diploma." A clickable link then provides detailed median earnings information for all schools listed. The indicator is applied only for first-year undergraduate applicants and is based on institution-level data drawn from the College Scorecard and Integrated Post-secondary Education Data System, adjusted for inflation as of June 2025, according to the National Association of Student Financial Aid Administrators . List of Colleges Where Attendees Earn Less Than High School Graduates The following is a sample from the newly released federal data highlighting colleges where graduates' median earnings by the fifth year after attendance are below their state high school counterparts. Searcy Beauty College, Arkansas —College undergraduate earnings four years after graduation (2025 inflation-adjusted): $14,040 vs median high school earnings: $32,880 (2025 inflation-adjusted) Academy of Hair Design-Grenada, Mississippi —College undergraduate earnings (2025 inflation-adjusted): $19,100 vs median high school earnings: $31,574 (2025 inflation-adjusted) Southeast Texas Career Institute, Texas —College undergraduate earnings (2025 inflation-adjusted): $22,463 vs median high school earnings: $35,055 (2025 inflation-adjusted) Pineville Beauty School, Louisiana —College undergraduate earnings (2025 inflation-adjusted): $16,407 vs median high school earnings: $34,020 (2025 inflation-adjusted) Vogue College of Cosmetology, Texas —College undergraduate earnings (2025 inflation-adjusted): $27,117 vs median high school earnings: $35,055 (2025 inflation-adjusted) Paul Mitchell the School-Fort Myers, Florida —College undergraduate earnings (2025 inflation-adjusted): $21,599 vs median high school earnings: $35,490 (2025 inflation-adjusted) Concorde Career College-Southaven, Mississippi —College undergraduate earnings (2025 inflation-adjusted): $33,325 vs median high school earnings: $35,490 (2025 inflation-adjusted) Academy of Interactive Entertainment, Washington —College undergraduate earnings (2025 inflation-adjusted): $36,710 vs median high school earnings: $39,937 (2025 inflation-adjusted) J D Academy of Salon and Spa, California —College undergraduate earnings (2025 inflation-adjusted): $22,734 vs median high school earnings: $36,710 (2025 inflation-adjusted) Paul Mitchell the School, Colorado—College undergraduate earnings (2025 inflation-adjusted): $24,537 vs median high school earnings: $38,743 (2025 inflation-adjusted) This list comprises vocational and career-focused schools, primarily specializing in beauty, cosmetology, hair design, and related trades, with a few institutions offering career training in healthcare and interactive entertainment. Secretary of Education Linda McMahon said: "More than half of all Americans now say a college degree is not worth the price, and total outstanding student loan debt is approaching $1.7 trillion. "Not only will this new FAFSA feature make public earnings data more accessible, but it will empower prospective students to make data-driven decisions before they are saddled with debt." Nicholas Kent, Under Secretary of Education, said in a blog post : "Post-secondary education is one of the most important investments a student can make, but it does come at a cost. "For example, less than 3 percent of undergraduate students across the country attend an institution where graduates earn less than a high school graduate on average—yet, at these same institutions, students received billions in federal student loan disbursements last year. It’s one additional resource students can use—alongside factors such as cost, mission, location, and personal interests—to identify the path that best aligns with their goals." What Happens Next The new earnings indicator is now available through the College Scorecard and the FSA Data Center , providing real-time disclosures to students as they review and finalize college applications.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/great-dane-and-poodle-have-puppies-what-happens-next-breaks-hearts-11179012
Article: A TikTok video documenting the 3-year-old’s “glow up” shows his overgrown, curly coat being shaved back after it had started to block his vision, making his mix easier to see. In a Shelter Animals Count survey of 314 shelters and rescues across 45 states, more than 60 percent reported taking in doodles and other deliberately bred mixes, underscoring that even highly sought-after crossbreeds can end up displaced. Oakley, who was picked up by CharMeck Animal Care & Control in Charlotte, North Carolina, needs to establish a structured feeding routine, clear boundaries, and a setup that reduces stress around meals.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/when-are-january-2026-social-security-payments-coming-11179388
Article: Those who began receiving retirement, spousal or survivor benefits before May 1997—as well as anyone who receives both Social Security and Supplemental Security Income (SSI)—are issued payments on separate dates. The payment dates are as follows: Wednesday, December 31 : SSI payments Friday, January 2 : Social Security payments for those who also receive SSI Wednesday, January 14 : Payments for people born between the 1st and 10th of any month Wednesday, January 21: Payments for those born between the 11th and 20th Wednesday, January 28: Payments for those born between the 21st and 31st As January 1 is a federal holiday, SSI recipients are scheduled to receive their January 2026 payment a day early—on December 31. "When the first day of the month falls on the weekend or a federal holiday, you receive your SSI payment on the last business day before the first day of the month. Bisignano said in a statement following the agency's announcement in October: "Social Security is a promise kept, and the annual cost-of-living adjustment is one way we are working to make sure benefits reflect today's economic realities and continue to provide a foundation of security. The cost-of-living adjustment is a vital part of how Social Security delivers on its mission." "The COLA is a vital component of Social Security, ensuring older Americans have an inflation protected source of income in retirement," AARP's CEO Jo Ann Jenkins said in a statement to Newsweek.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/nation-world/houston-company-federal-conviction-ai-technology-china-hong-kong/285-298ab6a9-d78a-4c50-8622-a01cdd228dc0
Article: Ganjei provided insight on the coordinated federal initiative led by the Southern District of Texas, the Department of Commerce’s Bureau of Industry and Security, the Department of Justice’s Counterintelligence and Export Control Section, Homeland Security Investigations and the FBI. Ganjei announced guilty pleas from a Houston-area technology firm and its owner, accused of trying to illegally export more than $160 million in advanced computer chips to China — the first prosecution under a new initiative targeting the underground smuggling of U.S. Ganjei said Hsu allegedly used false shipping documents, disguising GPUs as “adapter modules” and “computer servers.” He said the company was basically a shell company, and it funded more than $50 million in transfers from China and Hong Kong. Two other men, Fanyue Gong, aka Tom, of Brooklyn, and Benlin Yuan, a Canadian citizen and executive at a Virginia-based subsidiary of a Beijing technology firm, were arrested for related offenses.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/local/texas/turning-point-usa-texas-high-schools/269-9e074a90-9ca4-442f-9d72-eca1d26c9720
Article: AUSTIN, Texas — State leaders are pushing for chapters of Turning Point USA, the conservative youth organization co-founded by the late activist Charlie Kirk, at every high school in Texas. This is about a restoration of who we are as a country.” Responding later to a similar question, he added, “This is a way of making sure that the students who attend schools, they get input from a wide array of different perspectives.” A new state law that took effect in September, Senate Bill 12, bans student clubs “based on sexual orientation or gender identity.” It also requires parental permission for students to join clubs that are allowed. Capo added, “I find it really ironic that the trio of people that have been claiming that public schools have been indoctrinating students for the last couple of years … the people, their teachers and others who have no power in the system whatsoever to actually make policy decisions … are now using their bully pulpit, using their elected positions, to mandate the types of clubs and the types of political positions that are going to happen in our public schools.” Abbott said he spoke with Kirk’s widow, Erika Kirk, on Monday and repeated a message he shared with her. “Any school that stands in the way of a Club America program in their school should be reported immediately to the Texas Education Agency, where I expect meaningful disciplinary action to be taken,” said Abbott. “This cuts any credibility out of their argument whatsoever that they would actually use state agency heads and their positions to almost threaten schools if they didn’t allow Turning Point,” said Capo.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/nation-world/woman-fbi-wanted-heiress-fraud-scheme/507-b51175f6-14f6-4a2c-a85e-2672aa585d29
Article: "McDonnell is alleged to have knowingly, and with the intent to defraud, devised and participated in a scheme to obtain money, funds, assets, and property owned by Banc of California," the FBI said in a press release on Saturday.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/local/fifa-world-cup-dallas-airbnb-hosts/287-f44e800f-3ef2-4981-8274-3c000aaa70e2
Article: DALLAS — With the FIFA World Cup coming to North Texas this summer, some DFW area homeowners are gearing up to cash in by opening their doors to international soccer fans. “I’ve actually had guests take the dogs into their bedroom and snuggle them.” Cantrell, who also runs a hair salon from the back of her house, said Airbnb income has given her the flexibility to work from home. “And we expect that demand to increase even further as we get closer to the event.” According to Airbnb, the average nightly rate for a home during the World Cup is expected to be about $300, with the average host earning roughly $4,000 over the course of the tournament.

Link: https://abc7.com/post/california-man-marks-15000th-spin-disneylands-cars-ride/18267304/
Article: California man marks his 15,000th spin on Disneyland's 'Cars' ride Jon Alan Hale marked his 15,000th ride on Disneyland's Radiator Springs Racers, a milestone more than a decade in the making. Jon Alan Hale said he was eager to try out the Radiator Springs Racers ride at Disney California Adventure after undergoing gastric bypass and knee replacement surgeries in 2010 and 2011. He said he quickly found himself hooked on the ride, which debuted in 2012, and began tracking his races in a notebook, jotting down his car's color, lane and whether he wins or loses. "There is no pattern of who wins or loses." Hale said there's no formal record for riding the attraction inspired by the 2006 Pixar film released by Walt Disney Pictures.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c3w7530w37po?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Crunch budget vote risks trouble for French PM 2 hours ago Share Save Hugh Schofield Paris Share Save Reuters French Prime Minister Sebastien Lecornu faces a crucial test on Tuesday as the country's divided parliament prepares to vote on a 2026 budget bill. If Lecornu fails to win a majority in the National Assembly for his social security budget, it bodes ill for the main budget bill which follows and which needs to be voted through by the end of the year. Since snap elections called by Macron in June 2024, the more powerful chamber, the National Assembly, has been split into three roughly equal blocs – centre, left, and far-right -- none of which is capable of commanding a majority. Lecornu is Macron's fourth prime minister since then – the two previous incumbents Michel Barnier and François Bayrou having both been forced to resign after trying to rein in France's burgeoning debt. In the French system, there are two budgetary laws – one that raises and allocates money in the social security system, including hospitals and pensions; and the principal one that covers everything else, from defence to education. Widely acknowledged for his discretion and diligence, Lecornu needs to convince enough deputies from the 11 different parliamentary groups that failure to vote the budgets through will plunge the country into even deeper financial gloom. In major concessions to the PS, Lecornu promised to suspend Macron's key second-term reform increasing to 64 the statutory age of retirement, and also to refrain from using a government power (known as 49-3) to force through the budget laws without a vote. But by giving ground to the centre-left, Lecornu has potentially lost support in his own camp on the centre-right, where important figures such as former Prime Minister Edouard Philippe say the bill will do little to redress the country's fast deteriorating public accounts. Tuesday's vote was set to be very close, with the far-right National Rally and its allies (140 or so deputies) and the far-left France Unbowed (71) both set to vote no, along with the Ecologists and Communists (55 altogether).

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/ckgdzprekvxo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Minimum wage should not go any higher, suggests Badenoch Chancellor Rachel Reeves announced the minimum wage would rise 4.1% to £12.71 an hour for workers aged over 21 from April in her Budget last month. She added: "I don't think we should be raising it any more for example, we've seen that too many businesses can't pay for it." In an interview with the BBC, Badenoch said she had increased the minimum wage when she was in government, but "a lot of businesses" had then told her that, as a result, they had had to lose staff. The National Minimum Wage for 18 to 20-year-olds will also increase by 8.5% to £10.85 per hour, and the rate for 16 and 17-year-olds as well as those on apprenticeships, will increase by 6% to £8 per hour. Asked if she believed the rates were now too high, Badenoch said: "When I was business secretary I raised the minimum wage and a lot of businesses told me that yes, you've raised it but we can't afford it and we've got to let go of staff." Questioned whether that meant businesses had been right and she had been wrong, Badenoch replied: "We need to listen to what businesses are saying. "Let's lighten that burden." Pressed on whether the minimum wage is currently at the right level, Badenoch said that the government had set it at the rate the Low Pay Commission had said, but businesses needed to be consulted. "You can make the minimum wage £1,000 per hour, if businesses can't pay it none of us are going to have a job." Asked if she therefore believed that there should be no further increases in the minimum wage, Badenoch said: "Stop government intervention. So that's clearly not the problem." In a speech titled Getting Britain Working, Badenoch said Labour had got the balance between welfare and business wrong, and had tipped things too far against workers. The Tory leader said the party would carry out a "full review" of which conditions qualify a person for welfare support, saying the system was currently not designed to handle "the age of diagnosis which we now live in".

Link: https://www.bbc.co.uk/sounds/play/w3ct71cz?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Available for over a year **This episode contains discussion of bullying and suicide** Australian teens are bracing for a new law coming into effect this week that will ban social media accounts for anyone under the age of 16. The Government says the legislation is designed to protect the mental wellbeing of Australian children and teens – but it’s already proving controversial, not least among American tech companies and some politicians who see the ban as a threat to free speech. In today’s episode, we are joined by Katy Watson, the BBC’s Australia correspondent, to discuss how the country became a global test case for a bold new policy – and crucially, whether it will succeed. Producers: Cat Farnsworth, Aron Keller and Xandra Ellin Mix: Travis Evans Senior News Editor: China Collins Photo: A teen using her phone ahead of social media band for users under 16.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/09/trump-economy-inflation-interest-rates-market.html
Article: The C-suite and the public aren't worlds apart on how President Trump has handled his job in the first year of his second term, according to the Q4 CNBC CFO Council Survey, but chief financial officers are still majority upbeat on the U.S. CFOs taking the survey cited consumer demand as the biggest risk to their business, echoing widespread concerns about Americans sustaining their level of spending, but the CFOs do not see an economic cliff ahead. But most CFOs do think stocks will be stuck in a trading range short of a new record high milestone for the Dow Jones Industrial Average , with the index unable to break out above 50,000 in the foreseeable future, a reasonably cautious view after a double-digit gain year-to-date for stocks (16% in the case of the S&P 500). Despite this positive stance on the economy and market, and despite getting the tax cuts extended that corporate America wanted, CFO views on the first year of the president's second term are lukewarm, at best. Only two CFOs described it as "excellent," and another four CFOs describing Trump's performance as "good." The issues expected to drag the president down did just that, with 14 CFOs describing his immigration policy as "poor" as it specifically relates to the conditions needed for their business to succeed, and 20 CFOs describing Trump's trade policy in similar terms. Recent public polling on Trump's immigration policy is mixed, with New York Times polling data showing that it remains an issue where the president is outperforming his overall approval level, but recent Gallup data showing a slip. Seven CFOs said his immigration policy has been excellent (2) or good (5), specifically in creating the business conditions they need to succeed, but more (9) described it as "poor." Trump's Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent fares better than the president among CFOs, with 62% describing his performance as "good" or "excellent," and only one CFO viewing Bessent's handling of his job as "poor." On the key, looming issue of Trump's plan to name a new Fed chair to replace Jerome Powell, most CFOs say they do not expect the move to have the positive impact that the president envisions. Seventy-seven percent are doubtful a new chair will make the Fed "more effective." Over half of CFOs expect inflation to remain above the Fed's target into 2027, and while they anticipate rate cuts, they do not expect an aggressive rate cut cycle in 2026. That is in line with current market expectations and distanced from the calls for more cuts from both Trump and his recent Federal Reserve Board of Governors and FOMC voting member addition Stephen Miran.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/09/bill-gates-on-why-ai-will-become-hyper-competitive.html
Article: "AI is the most important thing going on," the Microsoft founder and philanthropist told CNBC's Tania Bryer at Abu Dhabi Finance Week, amid soaring capital expenditures and a slate of circular deals giving the market jitters. Bill Gates has warned that some AI companies with high valuations will lose out in the "hyper competitive" AI industry, as the investors weigh up whether a bubble is about to burst. Palantir and Tesla have a P/E ratio — the ratio between the price of the stock and its earnings per share — well over 200, compared with an average of S&P 500 companies of about 25. Gates said that "a reasonable percentage of those companies won't be worth that much." Despite AI frothiness in some parts of the sector, Gates said AI would fundamentally change lives for the better. Absolutely, nobody should have any doubt about that." Earlier this week, the Gates Foundation and other international leaders and philanthropists pledged $1.9 billion to fight polio by providing vaccines to millions of children and strengthening health systems to protect against other preventable diseases.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/09/jim-cramers-top-10-things-to-watch-in-the-stock-market-tuesday.html
Article: The question is: Will it matter given that next year GLP-1 weight loss drugs, such as the ones from Club name Eli Lilly and peer Novo Nordisk , will be covered in many instances? Stifel analysts suggested that speculation about Marvell Technology losing Amazon as a custom chip customer is "without merit." The firm kept its buy rating on Marvell, whose shares bounced slightly this morning after yesterday's 7% decline. Sign up for my Top 10 Morning Thoughts on the Market email newsletter for free (See here for a full list of the stocks at Jim Cramer's Charitable Trust, including NVDA, DHR, ETN, NKE, AMZN, MSFT, AVGO.) As a subscriber to the CNBC Investing Club with Jim Cramer, you will receive a trade alert before Jim makes a trade.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/video/newsfeed/2025/12/9/why-is-indigo-airline-cancelling-thousands-of-flights?traffic_source=rss
Article: NewsFeed Thousands of travellers stranded in India as IndiGo airline cancels flights India’s largest airline, IndiGo, has cancelled thousands of flights after failing to prepare for new rules on pilot working hours, leaving travellers stranded across the country.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/politics/trump-administration/trump-doesnt-rule-troops-venezuela-says-president-nicolas-maduros-days-rcna248169
Article: could send in troops on the ground, Trump said, "I don't comment on that." "I wouldn’t say that one way or the other," he said, going on to criticize Maduro. The president's comments came during a wide-ranging interview in which he said that Russia had a stronger negotiation position than Ukraine in talks to end their war, criticized European leaders as "weak" and their countries as "decaying," and launched another tirade against Somali immigrants and Rep. The president also rated his economy as "A+++++," despite polling indicating that voters think the administration has fallen short on addressing economic issues, and he affirmed that an immediate Federal Reserve rate cut decision would be a litmus test for selecting a new chair. Pressed during the interview on how far he would go to take Maduro out of office, Trump said, "I don't want to say that." "But you want to see him out?" asked Politico reporter Dasha Burns. could "very soon" target Venezuelan drug traffickers by land, and Trump said that country's airspace should be considered "closed." Asked by Politico whether Trump would consider actions similar to the boat strikes to target countries like Mexico and Colombia to cut down on fentanyl trafficking, Trump said, "Yeah, I would." "Sure," he added. Asked whether it or Russia was in the stronger negotiating position, Trump said, “there can be no question about it, it’s Russia.” Later, he said Russia “always” had the “upper hand,” pointing to the country's much larger size. “But you know, at some point, size will win, generally.” Trump also criticized European leaders over their immigration policies, which he called "a disaster," and argued that “most European nations, they’re decaying.” Separately, the president criticized Somali immigrants and Omar in particular, though he did not refer to her by name. Let her go back, fix up her own country.” Trump has repeatedly disparaged Somali immigrants in recent days and targeted Omar, who fled Somalia as a child during the country's ongoing civil war. Omar has pushed back, saying in a post to X last week, “My message to Trump: Your message of bigotry won’t work.” “Somali Americans are here to stay,” she added.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/religions-long-decline-in-america-may-be-plateauing-11180027
Article: This is a "striking" change from the past few decades, which have seen "measures of religious belonging, behaving and believing" dropping across the country, Pew’s Senior Associate Director of Research Gregory A. Why It Matters The stabilization of religious identification in the United States has broad implications for social, cultural and political life, especially for Christianity, with which 62 percent of Americans identify, according to Pew's 2023-2024 Religious Landscape Study. is in the "second stage" of a transition from being religious to secular—when "the importance of religion declines in people's personal lives," according to the paper "The Three Stages of Religious Decline Around the World." The new Pew polls show that young adults continue to be less religious, with 55 percent of those between the ages of 23 and 30 identifying with a religion—similar to 57 percent in 2020. Some 43 percent of the oldest Americans say they go to religious services at least once a month while 26 percent of the youngest Americans say they attend services at least monthly. "These patterns may reflect the fact that many of the youngest adults still live in their childhood homes and follow the religious customs of their families," Pew author Smith said. "As they get older and more of them leave home, their religious habits may change." "Thus, we shouldn’t assume that the religiousness of today’s youngest adults is a sign of a major shift in American religion," he continued. "But historical data suggests the patterns we see today are a normal result of the youngest adults possibly following the religiousness of their parents for a few years past the age of 18, after which their religiousness begins to drop." What People Are Saying Pew Research Center demographer Conrad Hackett wrote in a September study: "Countries with different religious backgrounds tend to be at different stages of the secular transition. Among countries in the medium or late stage, the largest religion is typically Christianity or Buddhism." He added: "This secular transition isn't completely uniform, and it may not be inevitable everywhere." What Happens Next Scholars caution that the United States may remain near this new level of religious affiliation for years, but the long-term outcome is still uncertain.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/mlb/blue-jays-al-east-rival-emerging-as-serious-challenger-for-bo-bichette-11180364
Article: After he spent the first six-plus seasons of his career with the Toronto Blue Jays as a shortstop, the industry consensus on Bichette is that he belongs at a different position, likely second base. The Blue Jays have maintained publicly that they'd like him to stay in Toronto and he has said the same, but a long list of teams could use a second baseman who hits like he does. So within a few days of Toronto meeting with marquee free agent outfielder Kyle Tucker, it appears Bichette took it upon himself to meet with one of the Blue Jays' chief rivals. The Red Sox have shown to be serious about the free agent." The Red Sox are all over the map right now, and their main goal seems to be making sure they land at least one of the big-name sluggers on either the free-agent market or the trade block. That could be a glass-half-full situation for Toronto where they're just keeping Bichette on the table, or it could result in the dominoes falling in a way that Boston loses out on someone else and redoubles its efforts to poach the Toronto star.

Link: https://abc7chicago.com/post/choco-dog-reunited-california-family-5-years-he-disappeared-found-more-2000-miles-away-michigan/18267364/
Article: Dog reunited with family nearly 5 years after he disappeared, found more than 2,000 miles away SACRAMENTO, Calif -- A little dog named Choco has been reunited with his family in Sacramento, California nearly five years after he disappeared!

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/politics/listen-live-supreme-court-weighs-republican-appeal-to-end-limits-on-party-spending-in-federal-elections
Article: A day after the justices indicated they would overturn a 90-year-old decision limiting the president’s power to fire independent agency heads , the court on Tuesday is revisiting a 2001 decision that upheld a provision of federal election law that is more than 50 years old. WASHINGTON (AP) — The Supreme Court is considering a Republican-led drive, backed by President Donald Trump’s administration, to overturn a quarter-century-old decision and erase limits on how much political parties can spend in coordination with candidates for Congress and president. WATCH: Supreme Court hears arguments on Trump’s power over independent agencies The Federal Election Commission and the GOP argue that the court should cast a skeptical eye on the limits, in line with recent high court decisions. Instead, they should hold the case is moot now that the FEC agrees with Republicans that the law is unconstitutional and there is “no credible risk” the agency will try to enforce it, Martinez wrote. Slaughter, seems likely to back Trump’s power to fire independent agency board members The Republican committees for House and Senate candidates filed the lawsuit in Ohio in 2022, joined by two Ohio Republicans in Congress, then-Sen.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/archaeologists-uncover-intact-section-ancient-jerusalem-wall-hanukkah-128240585
Article: Amit Re'im, walks in a section of an excavation site where, according to the institution, a city wall from the Hasmonean period, dating to the late 2nd century BCE, was uncovered under the Tower of David Citadel Museum, in the Old City of Jerusalem, Monday, Dec. (AP Photo/Leo Correa) JERUSALEM -- Archaeologists have finished uncovering the longest continuous remains of an ancient wall that encircled Jerusalem, including possible evidence of a 2,100-year-old ceasefire between warring kingdoms. Last week, archaeologists finished excavating the most complete part ever discovered of the foundations of the walls, which surrounded Jerusalem during the time of the Hasmonean Kingdom, when the story of Hanukkah took place. In Hebrew, Hanukkah means “dedication,” and the holiday marks the rededication of the Temple in Jerusalem in the second century B.C., after a small group of Jewish fighters liberated it from occupying foreign forces, and the Hasmonean Kingdom that followed. 14, with the ritual of lighting a nightly candle, in honor of the tiny supply of ritually pure oil that they found in the temple that lasted for eight nights instead of just one. The Hasmonean walls encircled an area much larger than the current Old City of Jerusalem, with 60 watchtowers along the wall that were more than 10 meters (33 feet) tall, according to ancient writings. In 132 or 133 B.C., Hellenistic King Antiochus the Seventh, an heir to the Antiochus the Fourth from the story of Hanukkah, laid siege to Jerusalem and the Judean Kingdom, according to ancient Jewish historian Flavius Josephus. “Antiochus Sidetes (the Seventh) reached a ceasefire agreement with John Hyrcanus, saying, if you want me to remove my army, you yourself, the Jewish king, must raze to the ground the Hasmonean fortification that you and your father built,” Re’em said Monday. Josephus’ writings state that after Antiochus accepted Hyrcanus’ deal, they “pulled down the walls encircling the city.” “We just think that we found the archaeological proof for it, so it’s pretty amazing, the archaeology and the ancient stories combining together, this is the magic of Jerusalem,” Re’em said. Another hypothesis Re’em posits is that King Herod built his palace over the Hasmonean wall foundations, during his reign in the first-century B.C., as a clear message of his sovereignty over Jewish Jerusalem. Orit Peleg-Barkat, the head of classical archaeology at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem, believes it likely had more to do with King Herod’s palace than the ceasefire deal with Antiochus. Other sections of the Hasmonean wall uncovered in other parts of Jerusalem weren't dismantled, so it could have just been one section that was dismantled, possibly to provide a foundation for Herod's palace, Peleg-Barkat explained. The wing was used as a prison, including by the British up until the 1940s, and the walls were covered with graffiti carved by prisoners in English, Hebrew and Arabic. Archaeologists first began excavating this wing of the Kishleh in 1999, but violence in Jerusalem during the Second Intifada, which began in 2000, halted the excavations until two years ago. In the coming years, the Tower of David Museum will install a floating glass floor over the ruins and use the hall as one of its new galleries in the Schulich Wing of Archaeology, Art and Innovation.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Technology/wireStory/watch-years-best-meteor-showers-geminids-128240487
Article: It's time for the Geminid meteor shower, one of the strongest of the year How to watch one of the year's best meteor showers, the Geminids FILE - A meteor streaks over an Orthodox church during the annual Geminid meteor shower near the village of Zagorie, some 110 kms. Meteor showers appear when fast-moving space rocks hit Earth's atmosphere and burn up, leaving behind fiery tails — the end of a “shooting star.” Stray meteors are visible from Earth on any given night, but more prominent showers happen annually when the planet passes through crowded streams of cosmic debris. “The other stars are going to be all stationary, so you’ll see this moving across the sky and it’ll leave a little tail behind it," said Bethany Cobb Kung, an astronomer with George Washington University.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Health/wireStory/rare-drug-made-scientists-blood-saves-babies-botulism-128239943
Article: (AP Photo/Terry Chea) When Alessandro Barbera was rushed to a California hospital with infant botulism in October, his father had barely heard of the disease, never mind the rare and costly treatment that likely saved the newborn’s life. The botulism outbreak tied to ByHeart formula has sickened at least 39 babies across in 18 states since August — and showed the value of the treatment made from blood plasma donated by a small group of scientists and other volunteers. Licensed in 2003, BabyBIG is the brand name for human botulism immune globulin, an IV medication that uses antibodies from volunteers vaccinated against botulism to help babies too young to fight the disease on their own. In 1976, Arnon and colleagues identified the rare form of botulism that affects infants younger than 1 — and then spent his 45-year career figuring out how to treat it. More than 3,700 children worldwide have been treated with BabyBIG since Arnon and his team conducted a pivotal clinical trial in California in 1997 that showed the medication could shorten hospital stays and reduce the need for breathing machines. Arnon first recruited Shine and other scientists for the BabyBIG project two decades ago because their blood produced high levels of antibodies, the blood proteins that neutralize the botulism toxin. “There were a lot of side effects, like big welts where you got vaccinated and a little bit of pain.” Still, Shine contributed to three batches of the antitoxin produced between 2008 and 2019. each year, finding funding and other resources to develop the BabyBIG treatment took nearly 15 years and $10.6 million — and faced substantial hurdles, Arnon noted in a 2007 article. New donors are accepted, but they must enroll in a clinical study directed by the California health department and agree to receive a booster dose of a different investigational botulism vaccine. “Every single one of them makes you want to cry.” ___ The Associated Press Health and Science Department receives support from the Howard Hughes Medical Institute’s Department of Science Education and the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/video/2025/12/09/watch-cnbcs-full-interview-with-walmart-ceo-doug-mcmillon.html
Article: Share Share Article via Facebook Share Article via Twitter Share Article via LinkedIn Share Article via Email Watch CNBC's full interview with Walmart CEO Doug McMillon Walmart CEO Doug McMillon joins 'Squawk Box' to discuss the move of the company stock to Nasdaq, why he's stepping down as CEO, impact of AI on retail, state of the consumer, and more.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/09/traders-brace-for-a-hawkish-cut-from-the-fed-heres-what-that-means.html
Article: economist, explained that a hawkish Fed rate cut would entail two things Wednesday: The so-called dotplot — which indicates where individual Fed voting members see the overnight rate going — signals the central bank as a group expects to cut only once next year. 10-year yield in past month "The Fed is likely to go on an extended pause after cutting on Wed," wrote Adam Crisafulli of Vital Knowledge, who also acknowledged the "hawkish cut' chatter on trading floors in his note. That would presumably include no change to the 2026 dots or terminal rate, which is inline with Barclays Econ of only one cut next year," Barclays' trading desk wrote Tuesday. This, however, means "the market is not primed for a dovish outcome from this week's meeting and should be a consideration for fast-money investors." The Fed's two-day policy meeting begins Tuesday.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/09/new-target-store-soho-new-york-fashion.html
Article: The Minneapolis-based retailer, which is in the middle of a turnaround effort and on the cusp of a CEO change, gave a makeover to its big-box store in SoHo at 600 Broadway. The one-of-a-kind concept store, which opens Tuesday, will have rotating merchandise, curated displays chosen by celebrities and influencers and other kinds of special programming, Chief Guest Experience Officer Cara Sylvester said. When he was named Target's next leader in August, he said that would be one of his top three priorities, along with improving the customer experience and rolling out technology to make Target faster and more efficient.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/video/2025/12/09/walmart-ceo-doug-mcmillon-on-the-consumer-theres-pressure-on-lower-income-households.html
Article: Share Share Article via Facebook Share Article via Twitter Share Article via LinkedIn Share Article via Email Walmart CEO Doug McMillon on the consumer: There's pressure on lower-income households Walmart CEO Doug McMillon joins 'Squawk Box' to discuss the move of the company stock to Nasdaq, why he's stepping down as CEO, impact of AI on retail, state of the consumer, and more.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/09/the-no-1-thing-parents-need-to-stop-doing-when-buying-gifts-for-kids-it-can-backfire.html
Article: As Nicola Yelland, professor of early childhood studies at the University of Melbourne, notes: "Any toy can be educational when you play with your children and talk to them about what they are doing and learning." Instead of worrying about the perfect gift, we can focus our efforts on finding a good fit and then be present for it.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/09/deadline-for-required-minimum-distributions.html
Article: What to know about the missed RMD penalty If you don't take your full RMD by the due date, the penalty is 25% of the amount you should have withdrawn. In some cases, the IRS could waive the penalty entirely if the shortfall happened due to "reasonable error" and you've taken "reasonable steps" to fix the mistake, according to the agency.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/video/2025/12/09/walmart-ceo-doug-mcmillon-on-tenure-you-cant-get-growth-without-change.html
Article: Share Share Article via Facebook Share Article via Twitter Share Article via LinkedIn Share Article via Email Walmart CEO Doug McMillon on tenure: You can't get growth without change Walmart CEO Doug McMillon joins 'Squawk Box' to discuss the move of the company stock to Nasdaq, why he's stepping down as CEO, impact of AI on retail, state of the consumer, and more.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/video/digidocs/2025/12/9/aje-onl-digidocs_iloveyoumore-091225?traffic_source=rss
Article: With the fallout from the war in Syria as a backdrop, director Nour Alkheder longs for her father through memories, imagination and the fragments of a life uprooted by conflict.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/9/who-are-the-groups-controlling-yemen?traffic_source=rss
Article: “We are concentrating on unifying the operational theatre of our armed forces to enhance coordination and readiness to reinforce stability and security in the south, as well as combating the Houthis should there be a willingness to head in this direction.” Yemen’s internationally recognised government, known as the Presidential Leadership Council (PLC), criticised the separatists, calling their “unilateral” actions a “blatant violation of the transitional phase’s framework”. Advertisement The council’s declared aim is to “reinstate the Southern State” – a reference to the independent state that existed in the south before unification with the north, between 1967 and 1990. With backing from a regional power, the STC exerts control over a number of paramilitary forces originally known as the “Security Belt”, now often referred to broadly as the Southern Armed Forces. Its membership is drawn from a mix of northern and southern politicians and military-linked leaders — including the STC — in a bid to unite major anti-Houthi forces under one roof. Houthis Ansar Allah, commonly referred to as the Houthis, is a group armed and trained by Iran and now exerting control of at least five provinces in the north and northwestern parts of the country, including the capital city, Sanaa. The group drew global attention in 2014 when they launched an armed uprising against Yemen’s government, forcing former president Hadi to flee the capital and subsequently step down from office. In November 2023, the Houthis began targeting civilian and military vessels suspected of having Israeli ties, a campaign aimed at pressuring Israel to halt its genocidal war in Gaza, which began on October 7, 2023.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/politics/white-house/mother-karoline-leavitts-nephew-released-ice-custody-rcna248089
Article: 12, which he called an "unconstitutional ICE charade." The Department of Homeland Security said in a statement Monday night that Ferreira was “a criminal illegal alien from Brazil” who had been arrested for battery and that she entered the U.S. The DHS statement added that a judge authorized her release and bond payment upon her entry into “removal proceedings.” Ferreira challenged the characterization of her in an interview with The Washington Post this week.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/tech/tech-news/iceblock-developer-sues-trump-administration-app-removal-apple-store-rcna248045
Article: The creator behind ICEBlock, an app that tracked immigration enforcement officials’ activities, is suing the Trump administration two months after his app was removed from the Apple app store following criticism from officials. After ICEBlock soared in popularity earlier this year, the Trump administration accused the app, which allowed users to share real-time sightings of Immigration and Customs Enforcement agents in their area, of putting agents at risk. In October, Apple announced that it had removed ICEBlock and other apps like it from its app store, citing information they had “received from law enforcement about the safety risks associated with ICEBlock.” On Monday, Joshua Aaron, ICEBlock’s Texas-based developer, filed a lawsuit against several Trump administration officials alleging they successfully pressured Apple to remove the app. District Court for the District of Columbia, accuses Attorney General Pam Bondi, Department of Homeland Security Secretary Kristi Noem, ICE’s acting Director Todd Lyons and White House border czar Tom Homan of making “unconstitutional threats and demands against Apple” in violation of the First Amendment. Tricia McLaughlin, the DHS' assistant secretary for public affairs, said in an email statement that ICE tracking apps "put the lives of the men and women of law enforcement in danger," adding that the agents are facing "more than a 1150% increase in assaults against them and an 8000% increase in death threats." “But, of course, the media spins this correct decision for Apple to remove these apps as them caving to pressure instead of preventing further bloodshed and stopping law enforcement from getting killed," McLaughlin wrote. Since the app store was launched in 2008, Apple has sometimes pulled products, such as a platform that allowed protesters to track police activity in Hong Kong and a slew of VPN services in Russia, in the wake of government backlash or at the request of state officials. Monday’s lawsuit cited Bondi’s statement from October, which acknowledged that the administration “reached out to Apple today demanding they remove the ICEBlock app from their App Store — and Apple did so.” The lawsuit also outlined the backlash ICEBlock faced after a CNN article about the app prompted an outpouring of criticism from senior Trump administration officials. Lyons “falsely asserted that ICEBlock ‘invit[es] violence’ and suggested that the Department of Justice (‘DOJ’) should pressure CNN to stop reporting favorably on the App”; Homan “echoed Lyons’s call for a DOJ investigation”; and Noem “amplif[ied] demands that DOJ investigate and prosecute CNN for its reporting,” the lawsuit states. ICEBlock has always displayed a disclaimer on its homepage stating that the app was to be used for “information and notification purposes only” and not for the purpose of “inciting violence or interfering with law enforcement.” The lawsuit also noted that all reported sightings are automatically removed from the map after four hours, after which “all associated data and records are permanently removed from ICEBlock’s system and cannot be recovered. ICEBlock cannot be used to track ICE agents’ historical presence or movements.” “Fundamentally, ICEBlock neither enables nor encourages confrontation — it simply delivers time-limited location information to help users stay aware of their surroundings in a responsible and nonviolent way,” the complaint stated. “Not only is it designed that way — with functionality that ensures it can only be used for informational purposes—but it also includes this express prohibition against any other use.” Aaron’s lawsuit asks the court to permanently prohibit the defendants from “coercing, threatening, or demanding Apple or other app distribution services in order to stop distribution of the App” and from “threatening, investigating, or prosecuting Aaron.” The app had more than 1 million users at the time of its removal in October, according to the lawsuit.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/mlb/orioles-quietly-cut-ties-with-3-year-veteran-first-baseman-11180667
Article: The 29-year-old spent much of his time in Triple-A after being claimed off waivers from the Chicago White Sox in August, and went 2-for-13 without an extra-base hit in his seven games for the Orioles as a major leaguer. After starting the year in Triple-A with Los Angeles, Noda was traded to the Boston Red Sox, waived, claimed by the White Sox, waived again, then finished the season in Baltimore. After all that chaos, it was a small wonder that Noda wasn't able to elect free agency, because for all the times he was exposed to waivers, he was never outrighted off a team's 40-man roster. That could happen this time around if Noda passes through waivers unclaimed, and there would be no reason for the Orioles not to keep him around if he wasn't hogging a 40-man roster spot. In his brief major league career, Noda has played over 95% of his innings at first base as opposed to the outfield, but he played all five of his games on defense with the Orioles in right field.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/wrestling/aj-lees-next-wwe-match-reportedly-set-11180713
Article: WrestleVotes confirmed during a live Q&A that the former Divas Champion will be one of the 30 Superstars competing at the January 31 Premium Live Event in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia. More news: Nikki Bella Reunites With Ex-Boyfriend At WWE Raw This news follows the release of the official "Royal Rumble" poster, which features a grid of top stars including Becky Lynch, Liv Morgan, Tiffany Stratton, Maxxine Dupri, and Women's World Champion Stephanie Vaquer, setting the stage for a star-studded women’s match. As previously reported by the Wrestling Observer Newsletter, WWE is currently planning just four matches total for the event—two "Royal Rumble" matches and two title bouts that have yet to be finalized. But with AJ Lee expected to be back in the mix, the Women’s "Royal Rumble" will definitely become a must-see attraction as the road to "WrestleMania 42" begins in earnest.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/jeffrey-epstein-files-records-court-ghislaine-maxwell-11180835
Article: The order follows the passage of the Epstein Files Transparency Act, which required the Justice Department to release all of the remaining investigation files within a 30-day deadline, excepting redactions to protect victim and witness identities.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/who-will-win-miami-mayoral-election-final-polls-predictions-11179937
Article: Democrat Eileen Higgins is tipped to beat Trump-backed Republican Emilio González in a runoff election for the officially nonpartisan position of Mayor for the City of Miami, according to the latest polls and predictions. Both the Democratic and Republican parties are closely watching the outcome, seeing the race as a test of their messaging and appeal to key constituencies, especially Hispanic and independent voters. A poll by MDW Communications, conducted for her campaign between October 14-18 with 307 likely Miami voters, found Higgins leading González by a margin of more than two-to-one—49.84 percent supporting Higgins versus 23.78 percent for González, with 26.38 percent undecided. An APL Consulting poll of 307 voters, conducted November 21-24 on behalf of a political committee supportive of González's campaign, indicated a tighter race, with Higgins at 34 percent and González at 31 percent, within a margin of error of +/- 5.9 points. Key issues in the campaign include the high cost of housing, immigration enforcement policies, and the pending legal battle over the proposed site of President Donald Trump’s presidential library downtown, CNN reported. She wants to put a skyscraper in every corner … then calling it affordable housing, which is a misnomer, because very rarely is it truly affordable.” Democrat Eileen Higgins told CNN: “This is the first year ever where residents have told me they’re afraid. González to be the next Mayor of the Beautiful City of Miami, Florida!… Emilio has dedicated his life to serving his Community… he will fight tirelessly to Grow the Economy, Cut Taxes and Regulations… Keep our now very Secure Border, SECURE, Stop Migrant Crime, and Defend our always under siege Second Amendment.” Miami Republican Executive Committeewoman Angie Wong told the Miami Herald: “This one may be a bellwether to predict what’s going to happen in the midterms.” Outgoing City Commissioner Joe Carollo said in a statement: “It is extremely important for a mayor of the city of Miami, or any major city, frankly, to work with both parties. The next mayor of the city, if they’re serious about resolving the two major issues that we have — which is housing and transportation — has to work with whomever is in the White House.” What Happens Next The Miami mayoral runoff is set for December 9, with polls closing at 7 p.m. The result will determine whether Miami elects its first Democratic mayor in nearly three decades, a shift that could reverberate in Florida and national politics heading into the 2026 midterms.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/map-reveals-states-where-aurora-could-appear-tonight-cme-sun-burp-hits-11179389
Article: This CME was caused by a solar flare—a massive explosion on the sun's surface—and the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) believes it may lead to auroras much further south than normal. However, the aurora does not need to be directly overhead to be seen and can be observed from up to some 620 miles away when the aurora is bright on a clear, dark night.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/federal-reserve-changes-check-services-11179955
Article: The Federal Reserve is asking the public to weigh in on the future of its check-processing operations, signaling that significant cutbacks may be on the table as the use of paper checks in the United States continues to decline. What To Know “Over time, check use has steadily declined, digital payment methods have grown in availability and use, and check fraud has risen,” the Fed said in a statement. In its notice, the Fed outlined a range of possible changes, including “significantly reducing check services, or alternatively, substantially winding them down.” To help determine which direction to take, the Board said it is seeking feedback to “help the Board understand stakeholder needs and balance tradeoffs.” ... “The Check Services RFI seems to favor the discontinuation of check services by reserve banks, even while checks remain an important payment mechanism.” Federal Shift Away From Paper Checks The Fed’s review comes after the federal government stopped using paper checks earlier this year. Treasury checks, the White House said, “are 16 times more likely to be reported lost or stolen, returned undeliverable, or altered than an electronic funds transfer.” What Happens Next The comment period is open for 90 days after publication in the Federal Register.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nfl/colts-pursuit-of-philip-rivers-accelerates-with-major-update-11180585
Article: ESPN's Adam Schefter added that talks are "ongoing." More Football: Chargers’ Justin Herbert Called Out for Behavior After Win Over Eagles After beginning the year with an impressive 8-2 record, the Colts have since lost each of their last three games. The team is now 8-5 heading into the final stretch of the 2025 NFL regular season, one game behind the Jaguars and tied with the Houston Texans in the AFC South standings. More Football: NFL Facing Serious Backlash After Latest Tee Higgins News In his 2020 season with the Colts, Rivers completed 68.0% of his pass attempts for 4,169 yards, 24 touchdowns and 11 interceptions — leading Indianapolis to an 11-5 record as a starter.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/mlb/dodgers-in-talks-to-trade-for-tarik-skubal-report-11180457
Article: According to KTLA-TV in Los Angeles' David Pingalore, the Dodgers are "in talks on a potential mega trade for (Detroit Tigers) ace Tarik Skubal." "Right now, (Andrew) Friedman is trying to work a deal in a major trade for Tarik Skubal, the best pitcher in baseball," Pingalore said in a video posted on X.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/local/arlington-discrimination-ordinance-vote/287-e727e4e3-91d8-4ab4-b438-6692834db6e3
Article: The city began debating the change months ago after the Trump administration said it would revoke federal grants from cities that they say violate federal anti-discrimination laws by providing access to “opportunities, benefits, or advantages” based on protected characteristics such as race, gender, or sexual orientation. “I want everybody in Arlington to feel like we’re taking care of them, but when you’re talking hundreds of millions of dollars, it’s tough.” LGBTQ+ advocates have previously packed city council meetings to oppose the proposal, WFAA previously reported. “We’re never gonna sit back while civil rights are being stripped away,” DeeJay Johannessen, CEO of the Help Center for LGBTQ+ Health, who is leading a citywide campaign urging residents to oppose the change, previously told WFAA. "Texas Values recommended that the Arlington City Council remove the terms 'sexual orientation' and 'gender identity' from the ordinance in order to comply with federal directives, as well as newly enacted state law such as the Texas Women’s Privacy Act (S.B.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/local/texas/texas-gov-greg-abbott-has-a-sweeping-plan-to-abolish-school-property-taxes-would-it-work/273-d19a6669-1fa5-4598-88fd-7fd07f48f841
Article: “The governor’s proposals promise to radically improve the tax system’s affordability and predictability by limiting local spending growth, protecting homeownership, and empowering everyday Texans to hold tax cut elections,” said James Quintero, policy director at the conservative Texas Public Policy Foundation’s Taxpayer Protection Project. “With the governor’s plan in place, Texans will finally be able to breathe easy.” However, tax policy experts spanning the political spectrum are skeptical that Abbott’s pitch is realistic — or would meaningfully bring down the state’s high tax bills. “This is basically a collection of the worst types of policies meant to constrain property taxes,” Adam Langley, associate director of tax policy at the Lincoln Institute of Land Policy, said of Abbott’s platform. “The negatives here definitely outweigh the positives, and there are a lot of good policy options out there that are missing as well.” Cutting property taxes has proven a tricky task for state lawmakers. Nonetheless, Texans pay among the highest property taxes in the country, in part because the state doesn’t have an income tax and cities, counties and school districts rely heavily on property taxes to pay for public schools, police officers and firefighters among other public services. Eliminating school taxes for homeowners is the cornerstone of Abbott’s proposal — and expensive Perhaps the most eye-popping proposal in Abbott’s platform: allowing Texas voters to decide whether to abolish school property taxes on homeowners, a goal long pursued by the state’s diehard conservatives. In November, Texas voters expanded the state’s homestead exemption, or the amount of a homeowner’s primary residence’s value that can’t be taxed to pay for public schools, from $100,000 to $140,000. Replacing all school property taxes would have cost the state $39.5 billion in tax year 2023 alone, the Legislative Budget Board, a joint legislative committee that helps lawmakers write the state’s budget, said last year. Had those measures been in effect last year, the owner of a typical Texas home, valued at $302,000, according to Zillow, would have saved more than $500 on their 2024 school taxes, according to a Tribune calculation. For every six or seven dollars the state will spend in the next two years, one will be spent on cutting property taxes, a figure that has some budget wonks and even some Republicans worry may not be financially sustainable. Abolishing school property taxes for homeowners may be part of Abbott’s platform “for the purpose of messaging, but is not a realistic proposal,” said Shannon Halbrook, a fiscal policy expert at Every Texan, a left-leaning policy nonprofit. But school districts collected about $17.5 billion in taxes from owners of single-family homes in tax year 2023, according to an analysis by the Texas Taxpayers and Research Association, a business-backed group that lobbies for tax cuts. Abbott says hiking sales taxes to pay for property tax cuts is off the table A push by Abbott and other GOP officials to drastically hike the state sales tax to pay for property tax cuts in 2019 went down in flames. Texas would have had to more than double the state’s sales tax rate to replace all school property taxes in tax year 2023, another Texas Taxpayers and Research Association calculation found. That’s what state lawmakers have done the past two years to pay for tax cuts, drawing on surpluses created with tens of billions of federal COVID-19 pandemic dollars and higher-than-usual growth in sales taxes fueled by inflation.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/local/dallas-county/dallas-vape-ban/287-e350af76-eec1-468c-8f4d-a3ff6d831c17
Article: The new vape ban mirrors existing restrictions on smoking in specific areas, according to the city, which includes all indoor and enclosed spaces, within 15 feet of building entrances, and on park property.

Link: https://abc13.com/post/woman-stabbed-death-during-argument-man-lyons-avenue-kress-street-houston-police-say/18267011/
Article: Woman stabbed to death during argument with man, HPD says A woman is dead after she was stabbed during an argument with a man late Monday night, according to police.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cx2en927054o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: 3 hours ago Share Save Shaimaa Khalil , BBC News, Tokyo and Flora Drury , BBC News, London Share Save AFP via Getty Images After a magnitude 7.5 earthquake struck north-eastern Japan on Monday, authorities again warned of the possibility of a future megaquake. In September, Japan's earthquake investigation panel said there was a 60-90% chance that a megaquake would occur in the Nankai Trough - an area of seismic activity which stretches along Japan's Pacific coast - within the next 30 years. The vast majority do little damage, but there are some - like the one which struck in 2011 measuring magnitude 9.0, sending a tsunami into the north-east coast and killing more than 18,000 people. The Nankai Trough sits between Suruga Bay, in central Japan, and the Hyuganada Sea in Kyushu to the south These so-called "megathrust" earthquakes tend to strike every hundred years or so, often in pairs: the last ones were in 1944 and 1946. When authorities issued a megaquake warning last year, after a 7.1 quake struck southern Japan, Prof Geller told the BBC that the warning had "almost nothing to do with science".

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/boxing/articles/c0kdn21623go?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: The WBC title holder leaves Boxxer to join the ranks of MVP, which has signed a host of female talent this year including world champions Ellie Scotney and Alycia Baumgardner. Dubois, 24, is unbeaten in 12 fights with one draw and will defend her WBC title against Italy's Camila Panatta on the undercard of Paul's fight against Anthony Joshua on 19 December in Miami. "The mission must be to become the face of women's boxing." The Londoner has twice defended her world title but has tried unsuccessfully to secure unification fights since becoming champion in 2024.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/tennis/articles/c0edz5xny0go?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Boulter had the opportunity to earn extra ranking points in the WTA 125 challenger event in France last week but opted not to play after sustaining a hip injury in Hong Kong in October. "I think I know my own right choice, but it's difficult because it means that everyone else is going to be playing and passing me." Boulter has won just 14 Tour-level main-draw matches this year and recently split with coach Biljana Veselinovic after a three-year partnership in which she won three WTA titles.

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/12/09/nx-s1-5634832/machado-venezuela-nobel-peace-prize
Article: Machado to accept Nobel as fight against Venezuelan regime intensifies toggle caption Odd Andersen/AFP via Getty Images BOGOTÁ, Colombia — Venezuelan opposition leader María Corina Machado plans to accept the Nobel Peace Prize in Oslo on Wednesday. "Most people interpret the Nobel Peace Prize as (going to) someone who works through peaceful means, and that doesn't fit her very well," says David Smilde, a Venezuela expert at Tulane University. Sponsor Message Yet Machado is a revered figure among throngs of Venezuelans, both inside the country and abroad, who are desperate for change after having watched Maduro crush their country's democracy and its economy during his nearly 13 years in power. toggle caption John Otis/for NPR "We played by the democratic rules and we won the election," said Daniel Navarro, a Venezuelan exile who helped organize a pro-Machado march ahead of Wednesday's Nobel ceremony. "We did our best to achieve power in a peaceful way." Sponsor Message However, Maduro refused to leave office and ordered a massive crackdown on the opposition that prompted González to flee to Spain. The prize committee lauded "her struggle to achieve a just and peaceful transition from dictatorship to democracy." Machado called the prize "a recognition of all Venezuelans" in their struggle for freedom and democracy. When asked during an NPR interview the day after winning the Nobel if she supported using American troops to restore democracy to Venezuela, she said: "You cannot have peace without freedom, and you cannot have freedom without strength." But Machado's push for U.S. military intervention is helping to solidify the Maduro regime because he stokes nationalist sentiment by raising the specter of foreign troops coming ashore on Venezuelan beaches, says Vladimir Villegas, a radio show host in Caracas. "When you consistently say 'The end is near, Maduro is weaker than ever," but there's no transition, eventually people think either you are lying or you're so incompetent that you can't make it happen," Smilde said. Yet Machado's hardline approach rings true for many Venezuelans who claim that Maduro steals elections, uses military force to crush the democratic opposition, and only takes part in negotiations to buy time. The Nobel Institute confirms she will participate in Wednesday's ceremony, though a scheduled press conference in Oslo on Tuesday was postponed and her team has provided no details on her arrival.

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/12/09/nx-s1-5629032/sen-chris-van-hollen-says-democrats-need-to-fight-back-at-every-juncture
Article: Chris Van Hollen, a Democrat representing Maryland, says his party must do more to regain public confidence and counter what he calls a "lawless president." "We've become too much the party of the status quo when people want to see us move in a different direction," Van Hollen said in a Morning Edition interview about the future of the Democratic Party. "We need to be clear about what we're fighting for — not just what we're fighting against." Van Hollen said Democrats need a sharper message, a clearer policy agenda and a willingness to back newer voices who are resonating with voters.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/politics/judge-grants-justice-department-request-to-release-ghislaine-maxwell-records-in-sex-trafficking-case
Article: Engelmayer ruled after the Justice Department in November asked two judges in New York to unseal grand jury transcripts and exhibits from Maxwell and Epstein’s cases, along with investigative materials that could amount to hundreds or thousands of previously unreleased documents. NEW YORK (AP) — The Justice Department can publicly release investigative materials from a sex trafficking case against Ghislaine Maxwell , the longtime confidant of Jeffrey Epstein, a federal judge said on Tuesday. The latest request, though, dramatically enlarged the files that the department said it planned to release to encompass 18 categories of investigative materials gathered in the massive sex trafficking probe. In response to a request by the New York judges for more specifics on what it would release, the department said in recent submissions in Manhattan federal court that the materials would include 18 categories including search warrants, financial records, survivor interview notes, electronic device data and material from earlier Epstein investigations in Florida. McCawley, that Farmer “is wary of the possibility that any denial of the motions may be used by others as a pretext or excuse for continuing to withhold crucial information concerning Epstein’s crimes.” In August, Judges Richard M.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/09/commercial-real-estate-deals-october.html
Article: October was the first month of negative year-over-year transaction volume growth since the post-Fed rate hike recovery began in early 2024, according to monthly data provided by Moody's as a media exclusive to CNBC's Property Play. "More than an imminent downturn in the CRE capital markets, the slip to negative growth in October 2025 reflects the stalemate going on between buyers and sellers," said Kevin Fagan, head of CRE capital market research at Moody's. "The bottom of the U-shaped recovery from 2023 low volumes has been lengthened by persistently high interest rates and policy and economic uncertainty of 2025." But October was still an active month.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/09/fifth-third-bank-brex-commercial-cards-agreement.html
Article: "By combining the strength of a leading bank with Brex's AI-driven innovation, we're creating intelligent solutions that simplify complexity, drive efficiency and enable businesses to scale globally with confidence." Financial terms of the deal weren't disclosed.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/09/ghislaine-maxwell-jeffrey-epstein-trump-grand-jury.html
Article: A New York federal judge on Tuesday ordered the unsealing of grand jury materials related to the prosecution of Ghislaine Maxwell, the British socialite convicted of acting as the notorious sex offender Jeffrey Epstein's procurer.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/09/spotify-music-videos-youtube.html
Article: "We've seen that when fans discover a track with a music video on Spotify, they're 34% more likely to stream it again and 24% more likely to save or share it in the following week," the company said. Spotify recently unveiled Wrapped — its year-end roundup of users' listening habits — that gained more than 200 million engaged users within around 24 hours, marking a 19% increase from a year earlier. "Engagement is a very important part for sort of our measurement...sometimes, it could be an even more important than the number of users," CFO Christian Luiga said last month at the Morgan Stanley tech conference.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/09/disneys-chart-is-pointing-to-a-rebound-how-to-capture-a-trading-profit-using-options.html
Article: The Trade Set-up: DIS 107-108 Bull Call Spread To trade this set-up, I am using a bull call spread—a straightforward options strategy that allows us to participate in the upside while strictly capping our risk. All opinions expressed by the CNBC Pro contributors are solely their opinions and do not reflect the opinions of CNBC, NBC UNIVERSAL, their parent company or affiliates, and may have been previously disseminated by them on television, radio, internet or another medium.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/9/how-did-chinas-trade-surplus-hit-1-trillion?traffic_source=rss
Article: China’s trade surplus – the difference between the value of goods it imports and exports – has hit $1 trillion for the first time, a significant yardstick in the country’s role as “factory of the world”, making everything from socks and curtains to electric cars. Shipments overseas from China have boomed despite US President Donald Trump’s global trade war, largely consisting of sweeping “reciprocal” tariffs on most countries, which were launched earlier this year in a bid to reduce US trade deficits. But China, which was initially hit with US tariffs of 145 percent before they were lowered to allow for trade talks, has emerged largely unscathed from the standoff by stepping up shipments to markets outside the US. China’s exports returned to growth last month following an unexpected dip in October, rising to 5.9 percent more than one year earlier and far outpacing a 1.9 percent rise in imports, according to China’s General Administration of Customs. And although China still trails US leaders like Nvidia in advanced chips, it is becoming dominant in the production of semiconductors (used in everything from electric cars to medical devices). In the first eight months of this year, for instance, the US imported roughly $23bn in goods from Indonesia, an increase of nearly one-third on the same period in 2024. “The role of trade rerouting in offsetting the drag from US tariffs still appears to be increasing,” Zichun Huang, an economist at Capital Economics, wrote in a note to clients on Monday. Huang added that “exports to Vietnam, the top [Chinese] rerouting hub, continued to grow rapidly.” As trade with the US has slackened, China has doubled down on developing ties with other major trading partners. Advertisement China maintains a “managed float” of the renminbi – meaning the central bank intervenes in foreign exchange markets to maintain its value against other currencies – with the aim of keeping the price stable. Indeed, taking into account global inflationary dynamics, the real effective exchange rate – a measure of the competitiveness of Chinese goods – is actually at its weakest level since 2012. China’s eye-watering $1 trillion trade surplus – never before recorded in economic history – is the culmination of decades of industrial policies that have enabled China to emerge from a low-income agrarian society in the 1970s to become the world’s second-largest economy today. Twelve of the 17 rare earth metals on the periodic table can be found in China, and it mines between 60 percent and 70 percent of the world’s rare-earth resources. For historical context, China’s trade surplus in factory goods is larger as a share of its economy than the US ran in the years after World War II, when most other manufacturing nations were emerging from the ruins of war. The EU already imposes additional tariffs on Chinese-made electric vehicles (EVs), which range from 17 percent to 35.3 percent, for example, on top of its existing 10 percent import duty. Germany’s foreign minister, Johann Wadephul, arrived in China for a two-day trip on Monday this week, becoming the latest senior European official to visit for talks amid the country’s rapidly expanding goods trade with Europe. Before his trip, Wadephul said he planned to raise the issue of tariffs with his Chinese counterparts, particularly those involving rare earths, in addition to concerns about industrial “overcapacities”, which he said are distorting global prices for industrial goods. Advertisement Economists at Morgan Stanley predict China’s share of global goods exports will reach 16.5 percent by the end of the decade, up from 15 percent now, reflecting China’s ability to adapt quickly to shifting global demand. More immediately, China’s strong trade performance means the annual growth target – set by Beijing to guide economic policy and to align regional governments – of about 5 percent is likely to be met.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/politics/politics-news/new-york-judge-orders-release-ghislaine-maxwell-related-grand-jury-rec-rcna248191
Article: Judge Paul Engelmayer said in his ruling Tuesday that he’s taken great care to “put in place a mechanism to protect victims from the inadvertent release of materials within the discovery in this case that would identify them or otherwise invade their privacy.” Maxwell was convicted in 2021 of federal sex trafficking charges. Another judge has yet to rule in a separate request to unseal grand jury records in New York related to Epstein, who died in prison in 2019 while awaiting trial on federal sex trafficking charges. Last week, Maxwell’s attorney, David Oscar Markus, said in a filing that Maxwell "does not take a position" on the Justice Department's request to unseal the material, but argued that releasing the material "would create undue prejudice" and prevent "the possibility of a fair retrial."

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/pop-culture/tv/sheinelle-jones-named-today-fourth-hour-co-host-jenna-bush-hager-rcna248179
Article: They are beloved for their authenticity, warmth and genuine connection with our 'TODAY' audience." Jones is set to step away from the 3rd Hour of 'TODAY' to begin co-hosting Jenna & Sheinelle, but Craig Melvin, Al Roker, and Dylan Dreyer will remain co-hosts of the 9 a.m. "I hope that just by me being on the set and me returning to work, it’s like, 'OK, if I can do it, so can you, right?' Jones shares three children with her late husband: their eldest son, Kayin, and twins, Uche and Clara. "From standout interviews with newsmakers and celebrities to her iconic Halloween performances as Beyoncé and Tina Turner, she has captivated audiences time and again." Bush Hager, one of former President George W.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/entertainment/tv/percy-jackson-and-the-olympians-season-2-episode-1-release-date-where-to-watch-11171979
Article: A brand new season of "Percy Jackson and the Olympians" premieres on Disney+ on December 10, with Episodes 1 and 2, before switching to weekly releases, which run through January 21, 2026. Walker Scobell returns as Percy Jackson, alongside Season 1 co-stars Leah Jeffries as Annabeth Chase, Aryan Simhadri as Grover Underwood, Virginia Kull as Sally Jackson, Charlie Bushnell as Luke Castellan, and Dior Goodjohn as Clarisse La Rue. 'Percy Jackson and the Olympians' Season 2 Episode 1 Release Date "Percy Jackson and the Olympians" Season 2 Episode 1 will be available to stream on Disney+ on December 10, 2025. 'Percy Jackson and the Olympians' Season 2 Episode 1 – How to Watch "Percy Jackson and the Olympians" Season 2 Episode 1 will be available on Disney+ from 12 am Pacific Time (PT) on December 10, 2025/3 am Eastern Time (ET). Here is when episodes one and two will be available to stream in your time zone: December 10 BRT : 4:00 am BST : 8:00 am CEST : 9:00 am IST : 12:30 pm JST : 4:00 pm AET : 5:00 pm NZDT: 7:00 pm 'Percy Jackson and the Olympians' Season 2 Release Schedule Episode 1: December 10 Episode 2: December 10 Episode 3: December 17 Episode 4: December 24 Episode 5: December 31 Episode 6: January 7 Episode 7: January 14 Episode 8: January 21 'Percy Jackson and the Olympians' Season 2 Episode 1 Runtime An exact run time for Episode 1, "Percy Jackson and the Olympians" Season 2, is currently unknown. Episode 1 of "Percy Jackson and the Olympians" Season 2 is titled 'I Play Dodgeball with Cannibals', and the synopsis reads: Percy, Annabeth, Grover, and Clarisse embark on a journey through the sea of monsters to save their camp.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/ncaa/sherrone-moore-reveals-michigans-2026-plans-for-qb-bryce-underwood-11180878
Article: More Football: Colts’ Pursuit of Philip Rivers Accelerates With Major Update Moore says the program plans to add new quarterback coaches over the offseason to help facilitate Underwood's development moving forward. “[Michigan O.C.] Chip [Lindsey], he spends a lot of time with [Underwood], and yeah, that’s something we’re definitely looking at is bringing in other people to help, bringing in another quarterback coach,” Moore said, via The Wolverine. “It’s something we’re working diligently on, to get worked on." More Football: Chargers’ Justin Herbert Called Out for Behavior After Win Over Eagles “We just have to continue as a whole offense, in the building, to make sure it’s the best for the players that we have, continue to work for it that way," he continued. "I think we hit a lot of [Lindsey’s offense] and a lot of stuff that he’s done in the past we’ve done, whether it be tempos, whether it be the press tests, whether it be the pass game, whatever it was … but as you have a younger team, there’s less you can do with them, right?" Michigan finished the year with a 9-3 record, earning No.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/us-economy-has-93-billion-substance-abuse-black-hole-11179325
Article: The study, published in the American Journal of Preventive Medicine on December 8, was conducted by a team at the Division of Injury Prevention at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC). Why It Matters Drug addiction is recognized as a substance use disorder, a complex condition characterized by an individual's uncontrollable use of a substance despite its harmful consequences, although SUDs are not specific to drug use and can also include a patient's relationship with alcohol, tobacco and even medications. What To Know To gather their results, the CDC researchers used national survey data primarily from the National Survey on Drug Use and Health, and analyzed adults 18 years of age or older with SUDs. adults was estimated to be $92.65 billion in 2023, and it was higher among males than females as of the total cost, with males accounting for $61.19 billion and females accounting for $31.45 billion. He said it was also important to note that the study provides insight into impacts among people who are alive, but "if you add in the value of lost lives the impact is way larger." What People Are Saying Brendan Saloner, a professor of health policy and management at Johns Hopkins University, told Newsweek: "We often think of the impact of substance use disorders in terms of someone showing up to work hung over, but that is only part of the story. Employers often discriminate against people in recovery, which can also keep people who might otherwise be productive out of the labor force." What Happens Next The study authors said the findings suggested that policy efforts to tackle the prevalence of SUDs could benefit the U.S. Saloner said extending the new work requirements for Medicaid to those with substance use disorders could "actually help more people to recover, since employment itself can be a source of personal and financial stability." However, they are currently exempt from the new requirements being brought in by President Donald Trump's One Big Beautiful Bill Act.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/labrador-waits-christmas-stocking-what-remembers-melts-hearts-11180645
Article: Text layered over the wholesome footage explains why Bear is staring intently and sniffing at the stocking: "Santa left chewy sticks in his stocking last year." Amato captioned the post: "My sweet baby remembers!" It has already earned more than 353,000 likes. Researchers at the MTA-ELTE Comparative Ethology Research Group in Budapest found that canines rely more on "episodic memory" than "semantic memory." The authors describe episodic memory as the ability to recall personal events or specific moments from one’s life.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/weather/arctic-blast-weather-forecast-december/507-ee4c8904-8b79-4647-a16c-b57193cf359a
Article: “As far as the cold in mid-December, my thinking is that the cold the first week of December is the appetizer, and the main course will be in mid-December,” said Judah Cohen, director of seasonal forecasting for the Atmospheric and Environmental Research JANUS Research Group. “That is where the polar vortex, which is normally circular in shape and centered over the North Pole, becomes elongated or stretched out between East Asia and eastern North America,” he said. “From what I can tell, the cold meal is clearly coming to an end after the third week of December, and I’m not even sure if the cold will hang around for dessert heading into the holidays,” he said.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/clydlwldkvko?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: In a wide-ranging interview with Politico, he said "decaying" European countries had failed to control migration or take decisive action to end Ukraine's war with Russia, accusing them of letting Kyiv fight "until they drop".

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/formula1/articles/cpwk1e752ego?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: He played a decisive role in all key strategic decisions that made Red Bull Racing what it is today: a multiple world champion, an engine of innovation, and a cornerstone of international motorsport. "His passion, his courage to make clear decisions, and his ability to spot potential will remain unforgettable." Verstappen has spoken to Marko and, although he is emotional about the move, has accepted it is time for his ally to move on, according to insiders. At the beginning of 2024, Verstappen was instrumental in ensuring Marko kept his role in the team in the midst of a power struggle with former team principal Christian Horner. One flashpoint late in 2025, according to sources close to Red Bull, has been that Marko signed Irish racing driver Alex Dunne to the Red Bull programme against the wishes of Mintzlaff and team principal Laurent Mekies.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/economy/a-sharply-divided-federal-reserve-is-set-to-cut-interst-rates-but-may-signal-a-pause-to-come
Article: WASHINGTON (AP) — The Federal Reserve faces an unusually contentious meeting this week that will test Chair Jerome Powell’s ability to corral the necessary support from fellow policymakers for a third straight interest rate cut. The divisions have been exacerbated by the convoluted nature of the economy: Inflation remains elevated, which would typically lead the Fed to keep its key rate unchanged, while hiring is weak and the unemployment rate has risen, which often leads to rate cuts. “And the committee kind of likes to work by consensus, but this is a situation where that consensus is hard to reach.” The debate, which has also been fueled by a lack of official federal data on employment and inflation during the government shutdown, could be a preview of where the Fed is headed after Powell’s term as chair ends in May. Fed Governor Christopher Waller, for example, has said that in the case of a 7-5 vote, if just one official changed their view, it could bring about a significant shift in Fed policy. For now, however, most economists expect what’s called a “hawkish cut” — the Fed will reduce rates, while also signaling that it may stand pat for some time to assess the economy’s health. Fed governor Stephen Miran, who was hurriedly appointed to the Fed’s board by Trump in September, will likely dissent for a third straight meeting in favor of a larger, half-point reduction in the Fed’s key rate. 28-29, several policymakers said they would prefer to keep rates unchanged at the December meeting, leading Wall Street investors to briefly downgrade the odds of a third rate cut to less than 30%. But then John Williams, president of the New York Fed, said that this year’s uptick in inflation appears to be a temporary blip driven by Trump’s tariffs that would likely fade by the middle of 2026. “Members of the committee, my instinct is, are wanting to underscore their support for Powell.” Powell has come under relentless attack from Trump, who just last month said he would “love to fire his ass” and called Powell “this clown.” The Fed is required by Congress to seek low inflation and maximum employment, two goals that are potentially in conflict. “What they may end up agreeing to do is cut rates now, but give some guidance … that signals that they’re on pause for a while after that,” Kathy Bostjancic, chief economist at Nationwide, said.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Health/wireStory/bariatric-surgeons-put-work-glp-1-drugs-117064825
Article: Since she lost her job this summer as a bariatric surgeon, Lana Nelson, DO, has a phone message that tells callers, "I'm probably out on the trails" hiking near Grand Junction, Colorado. Across the country, many surgeons shared similar stories about what many described as, in so many words, "a time of fear and loathing in bariatric medicine." Numerous programs have closed their doors, reduced their surgeons and staff, or transitioned to exclusive medical management. Norman Regional officials declined comment about the program, but a representative told a local news organization in July, "We have observed a trend of less demand for surgical options and more demand for non-invasive medication options for about 2 years." The GLP-1 drugs are "truly causing a lot of disruption for the surgeons and for the programs, and for patients," Thomas Tsai, MD, a bariatric surgeon at Brigham and Women's Hospital in Boston, told MedPage Today. Tsai's research published in JAMA Network Open in October found a 25.6% decrease in bariatric surgery procedures in non-diabetic patients with obesity between the last 6 months of 2022 versus the last 6 months of 2023, but a 132.6% increase in patients prescribed GLP-1 drugs. And that's deeply troubling," said Ann Rogers, MD, director of the Penn State Surgical Weight Loss program in Hershey and president of the American Society for Metabolic and Bariatric Surgery (ASMBS). "We have a lot of patients who can't afford plastic surgeons." One of the Journey Clinic's terminated surgeons, Azure Adkins, MD, got excited when she recently learned that a medical center just north of Charlotte, North Carolina, was recruiting a full-time bariatric surgeon. "They said they realized their volumes had diminished enough that 'we don't really need another full-time bariatric surgeon at this point.'" Until she finds a surgery position that she likes, Adkins is now working in a non-clinical role, as a peer-to-peer utilization reviewer for hospitals. Cautious Optimism Rogers said that if surgeons think their hospitals are about to cut back or shutter surgery, they should try really hard to talk the hospital out of it, "because you know, it's going to turn around. A common lament among nearly all surgeons interviewed is that fear of surgery or social stigma have long kept 99% of patients with obesity who could be helped by bariatric surgery away from seeking any kind of help. His clinic's surgical volume dropped from 280 in 2023 to 220 this year, which he thinks will be stable until the limitations of the new injectable drugs become clearer, not just to patients but to their doctors as well. Surgeons also think that patients will eventually choose surgery because experience and data show surgery produces a greater and faster weight loss after a year than 52 weeks of GLP-1 injections. "At best the GLP-1s can get you to about 14% total body weight loss; surgery is more like 30%," after a year or 18 months, Rogers said, pointing to a 2022 review in Advances in Therapy. At 299 pounds, she never wanted to try the drugs because she knew surgery was faster and more permanent, and she wanted to lose the weight for her two young boys. "In the long run, the drugs will actually help us." "What's going to be the thing that holds patients back on medicines is their cost, access, availability, and how people will tolerate them," said LaMasters, who also is the medical director of bariatric surgery at Unity Point Clinic at Iowa Methodist Hospital in West Des Moines. An Uptick Already Farah Husain, MD, a bariatric surgeon at Banner University Medical Center in Phoenix, said her hospital has seen a small uptick in surgical patients from 550 in 2023 to about 580 this year. These are people who need such a significant amount of weight loss, they need surgery on top of the drugs." Some private practice surgeons contracted with Kaiser Permanente to perform bariatric surgery for the health plan's enrollees are also reporting a bump in patients in recent months. Lately, he said, "we're seeing more Kaiser volume than we've ever seen before." Many clinicians interviewed said that just as cancer treatment often requires a combination of surgery and drugs, combination therapy will be the treatment plan for many patients with obesity. A possible offsetting factor is the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services proposal last month that it would pay for the new weight loss drugs in 2026, if the new administration approves. "Current bariatric fellowship graduates may find it difficult to obtain a pure bariatric practice and may need to alternate with acute care surgery." For many bariatric surgeons, the prospect of taking on general surgery -- where often it's one-and-done -- goes against the reason they chose weight-loss surgery as a specialty. "We operate on the patients and ideally follow them for as long as they're willing to come back, to make sure they're maintaining weight loss and healthy habits and help them along the way," Husain said. "The theme in our world is that obesity is a chronic disease." The Payers Aren't Helping Benjamin Clapp, MD, a bariatric surgeon at Hospitals of Providence Memorial Campus in El Paso, Texas, chairs the ASMBS task force that tracks bariatric surgical volume every year. However, data from centers accredited by the American College of Surgeons, which perform about 80% to 83% of all bariatric surgeries in this country, show that volumes were down by 5.5%, or more than 12,000 weight-reduction surgeries, in 2023. "I went from seeing 15 to 20 new bariatric patients weekly to one to three." The Center for Metabolic and Weight Loss Surgery at Columbia University said earlier this year that it expected a 10% to 20% decline in 2024 from 2023. That drop in bariatric demand is one of two big reasons why Clapp has made a career decision to leave the solo practice he has built up for the last 18 years. "It's like death by 1,000 cuts." Solo private practice "has just become a model that's not sustainable, for myself or for my family." Clapp has filled in some of the blanks with other foregut surgeries, such as cholecystectomies and hernia repairs, but reimbursement rates have dropped for those, too, especially relative to his own practice costs. San Diego bariatric surgeon William Fuller, MD, said Scripps Mercy Hospital, one of the largest programs on the West Coast, will have performed around 800 bariatric surgeries in 2024, down from the prior year's 1,000.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/9/how-india-plans-to-continue-buying-russian-oil-despite-sanctions?traffic_source=rss
Article: Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi met with Russian President Vladimir Putin for the Russia-India annual bilateral summit in New Delhi last week, during which Putin said: “Russia is ready for uninterrupted shipments of fuel to India.” India is the second-largest consumer of Russian oil after China and is facing intense pressure from the US to stop buying it. Earlier this year, the administration of US President Donald Trump doubled trade tariffs on Indian goods to 50 percent, in part because of this issue, Trump said at the time. Here is what we know about India’s imports of Russian oil, and how New Delhi has managed to keep its petroleum purchases from Moscow afloat in spite of sanctions and pressure. In 2021, prior to Russia’s full-scale invasion of Ukraine in February 2022, Russian oil constituted around 2.5 percent of India’s total oil imports, according to figures from the US Energy Information Administration published in February this year. Overall, since the beginning of the war, the US and its allies have imposed more than 21,000 sanctions on Russia, targeting individuals, media organisations, the military, and sectors that include energy, aviation, shipbuilding and telecommunications. Advertisement Crucially, however, in December 2022, the Group of Seven (G7), the European Union and Australia placed a cap on the price of Russian oil at $60 per barrel, ostensibly to reduce Russia’s ability to fund its war in Ukraine. “India acts as a global clearinghouse for Russian oil, converting embargoed crude into high-value exports while giving Moscow the dollars it needs,” Navarro wrote in an opinion piece published in the Financial Times. “So I was not happy that India was buying oil, and he assured me today that they will not be buying oil from Russia,” Trump told reporters during a White House event. Now we’re going to get China to do the same thing.” But during an interview with Indian broadcasters during the Russia-India annual bilateral summit on December 4, Putin scoffed at Trump’s claim. Advertisement Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov repeated this sentiment during a call with reporters on Monday this week, when he said: “India, as a sovereign state, conducts foreign trade operations and purchases energy resources where it is beneficial for India, and as far as we understand, our Indian partners will continue this policy to ensure their economic interests.” Why have sanctions on Russian oil caused a spike in Indian imports? The US sanctions came the same day that the EU approved its own 19th package of sanctions on Russia, and one week after the UK also sanctioned Rosneft and Lukoil. The US sanctions were set to come into effect on November 21, after which purchases from US-sanctioned entities Rosneft and Lukoil would be restricted, giving Indian importers a window to ramp up purchases ahead of the deadline. One day after the US sanctions were announced, state refiners in India, including Indian Oil Corp, Bharat Petroleum Corp and Hindustan Petroleum Corp, began reviewing their Russian oil purchases, Reuters reported, citing an unnamed source with direct knowledge of the matter. While this was not as high as the $5.8bn value of crude petroleum India purchased from Russia in October 2024, it showed that India was still buying more oil than it was before the war in Ukraine broke out. India’s refining sector consists of three main categories of operators: National Oil Companies (NOCs), which are state‑owned, public sector refiners; Reliance Industries, which is privately owned, with a diverse crude sourcing strategy; and Nayara Energy, a Russian‑majority‑owned private refiner. While sanctions have led to India scaling back on Russian oil purchases to some degree, New Delhi is still projected to buy 600,000 barrels of oil per day in January. Rosneft and Lukoil account for around 60 percent of the Russian oil purchased by India, Reuters reported in October, citing Prashant Vashisht, vice president at ICRA Ltd, an Indian credit rating agency. Between January and September this year, India imported 5.4 million tonnes of Russian oil carried by 30 vessels sailing under false flags, according to a report published in November by the European think tank the Centre for Research on Energy and Clean Air (CREA).

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/ncaa/urban-meyer-sounds-off-on-notre-dame-skipping-bowl-game-after-cfp-snub-11180914
Article: The Notre Dame Fighting Irish made headlines on Sunday when the College Football Playoff committee made the surprising decision to leave them out of the 12-team field, swapping them with the Miami Hurricanes for the No. Legendary coach and current “Big Noon Kickoff” analyst Urban Meyer weighed in on the situation during a preview of the upcoming episode of the “Triple Option” podcast, which drops Wednesday. More news: Nick Saban Has Strong Reaction to Notre Dame’s College Football Playoff Snub Notre Dame finished the season 10-2 after opening the year 0-2 with close losses to Miami and Texas A&M—both of whom went on to make the College Football Playoff.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/mom-told-5-year-old-clean-room-realizes-what-did-11180653
Article: "We are trying to get prepped for the Christmas holiday and, since my kids were out of school on break, they had toys and items out everywhere in the living room," Ronda told Newsweek. "So I told them that the only way we could start decorating was if they cleaned up their toys." While her eldest child compiled, her young son, aged 5, was "not happy about having to do it." "Therefore, he went to his room. "But I was most upset because it’s something we’ve been through numerous times and, since I live in an apartment, I definitely don’t want to have to pay damages." ... The bad news is that, despite the response her post has gotten, with over 10,000 upvotes and counting, Ronda has been unable to completely remove the message from the door. Despite this, Ronda was heartened by some of the responses to the post, many of which came from fellow parents and once-rebellious kids turned adults who offered sympathy and similar stories. Then he drew of a picture of me dressed in that color." Another said: "Reminds me of the time my sister got angry and proclaimed, ‘This family doesn't care about little girls!'’" A third wrote: "I drew a picture of a dog labeled it ‘female dog’ and ‘mom’, then pretended not to understand why she was upset." Elsewhere, a fellow mom commented: "At least when my son made a ‘no moms aloud’ sign for his door, he did it on paper and taped it up. Some days it's hard to be a mom." Ronda was "surprised" at how popular the post has been but is also glad other parents can relate to what she is going through.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/maglev-train-project-europe-reaches-milestone-11180959
Article: Maglev systems, which use magnetic fields for frictionless propulsion and promise lower environmental impacts, are positioned as solutions in the European Green Deal and the European Commission’s Sustainable and Smart Mobility Strategy. What To Know The Federal Railway Authority in Germany, Eisenbahn-Bundesamt (EBA), has issued the country’s first license for public maglev train operation to TSB Betriebs, a subsidiary of construction company Max Bögl. Uniquely, the TSB system places the key stator component onboard the vehicle instead of the track infrastructure and is powered by a 750 V DC third rail system, according to Rolling Stock World. Rolling stock prototypes, assembled by German manufacturer HeiterBlick, feature driverless trains in modules of two to six sections, each 12 meters long and weighing 18.5 tons, with a maximum capacity of 127 passengers each. The TSB system operates an 820-meter test track in Sengenthal, Germany, as well as a demonstration line in Chengdu, China, which has reached world record medium- and low-speed maglev velocities of 169 km/h (2021) and 181 km/h (2024). What People Are Saying Max Bögl says TSB is a “modern, emission-free, and automated local transport solution designed specifically for urban and regional applications.” Giuseppe Carcasi, coordinator for Europe’s MaDe4Rail project, which aims to “explore non-traditional and emerging maglev-derived systems,” said: “Innovation within the railway system represents a strategic response to the evolving trends that are reshaping mobility.” What Happens Next EBA’s approval is expected to accelerate efforts to commercialize maglev technology and expand deployment.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/blue-jays-45m-pitcher-predicted-to-ditch-toronto-after-dylan-cease-deal-11180786
Article: "In terms of experience, Bassitt is coming off a year with Toronto in which he threw extremely meaningful innings out of the bullpen in the Blue Jays’ magical run to the World Series," Peterson wrote. Bassitt has made at least 30 starts and has thrown at least 170 innings in each of his last four seasons, topping out at 200 innings pitched back in 2023." The Brewers could look to trade Freddy Peralta this winter, which would open up a hole in their rotation for Bassitt.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/little-girl-stops-believing-santa-then-mom-has-emotional-realization-11180907
Article: Yvette Olazar (@yvetteolazar) posted a reel on Instagram, sharing how her daughter, Natalie, has now stepped into a new role by helping keep the magic alive for her younger brother. “I think if she didn’t want anything to do with the magic anymore, it would be harder on me, but seeing her be just so happy to be helping this year has made the transition so much easier,” Yvette said. “When I first placed the elves in her hands, I instantly was taken back to all the times she would wake up so excited to go find them,” she said. A third commented, “My son finding out was so sad, but then when he realized that it was me making all that magic he was really sweet and touched.” Yvette said the reactions have been sweet and relatable to read.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/cubs-projected-to-swing-blockbuster-trade-for-superstar-ace-from-al-club-11181079
Article: Just Baseball's Joey Peterson recently predicted the Cubs would trade for Minnesota Twins ace Joe Ryan this offseason, likely as part of a backup plan with Tucker in free agency. Matching his career high in fWAR at 3.1, Ryan posted a career-low 3.42 ERA to go with the second-highest K/9 of his career at 10.21." This is a very important offseason for the Cubs.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/wrestling/john-cena-admits-he-went-into-business-for-himself-at-wwe-event-11180955
Article: Styles later admitted the moment caught him completely off guard, noting that when he heard the phrase "The definition of Total Nonstop Action," he immediately realized Cena had gone above and beyond to make the match about both of them. Cena is set to retire from in-ring competition this weekend at "WWE Saturday Night’s Main Event," while Styles has confirmed he plans to end his own career at some point in 2026.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/cat-owner-has-to-ban-food-before-vet-procedure-he-makes-his-feelings-clear-11178302
Article: Kourtney, 27 and from Oklahoma, has had her adored pet cat, Mr Kitty, since she was 12 years old—and at almost 16, Mr Kitty is very much tied into a routine. Recently, however, Mr Kitty had to go for a few hours without food, as he was due a procedure at the veterinarian's—and to say he was unhappy about it is an understatement. In a video to Kourtney's TikTok account, @agedkourtdawg, on November 20, she began by telling the camera the situation, explaining: "My cat is having a procedure today and I can't feed him. I haven't fed him since 8:30 last night, and it is now almost 10:30 in the morning." She then turned the camera to show Mr Kitty, sitting atop the sofa and positively glaring at her. She laughed, and turned the camera back to herself, before zooming up on Mr Kitty—and he had barely moved a muscle or even blinked, as he continued staring angrily at his owner, wordlessly demanding food. Kourtney told Newsweek that her senior cat was getting an ultrasound on his liver, along with a cytology, at the veterinarian's office, which "came back as a possible infection"—so Mr Kitty will have another vet visit in the future to figure out what's going on with him. She added that, after they got home from the appointment, "he camped out by his food bowl and didn't leave it for the rest of the day." And, despite having what may or may not have been an accident on her bed, she said he "didn't hold a grudge, and has still been following me around the house and getting lots of love and treats." Owners are advised not to let their pet eat anything for a certain time period before a veterinary procedure, to reduce the risk of vomiting or defecation, VCA Animal Hospitals explains in a report. Food also takes up space in the stomach, leaving the surgical team with less room to work with if you're having abdominal surgery, or an endoscopic procedure, according to the Cleveland Clinic.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/ncaa/penn-state-virginia-tech-ty-howle-11180911
Article: And although they committed for the academics and the school, it's also about the relationship with the head coach." Franklin was also helped by PSU delaying hiring a head coach, Matt Campbell, until the early signing period had already started.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/home-appliances-emitting-high-levels-harmful-particles-revealed-ufp-11180320
Article: Small household appliances with electric heating coils and brushed DC motors—such as hairdryers, toasters and air fryers—are significant sources of ultrafine particles (UFP) that may pose health risks, especially for young children. This is the warning of new research from South Korea— led by professor Changhyuk Kim of Pusan National University—which investigated how these common appliances emit heavy metal ultrafine particles (UFPs) that can settle deep into the lungs. “In the long term, reducing UFP emissions from everyday devices will contribute to healthier indoor environments and lower chronic exposure risks, particularly for young children, than current status,” he said. (Brushed motors are those that contain carbon "brushes", electical contacts which conduct current between the stationary and rotating parts of the motor.) The researchers also studied the chemical composition of the particles and used simulation models to assess how inhaled UFPs travel through the respiratory system.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/wrestling/wwe-still-pushing-top-raw-star-amid-fan-backlash-11180862
Article: More News: Top WWE Raw Star Seemingly Written off TV LA Knight's Lack of Big Wins As of late, Knight has mostly been used as a stepping stone for The Vision.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/nation-world/family-sues-royal-caribbean-after-passenger-death/507-0d64ec64-0fef-4f7f-b1f4-611f516616ba
Article: WASHINGTON — A 35-year-old California man who died on a Royal Caribbean cruise last year was served at least 33 alcoholic drinks before his death, his family alleges in a lawsuit. According to the civil complaint filed by Aguilar, after being served "at least 33 alcoholic beverages" as part of an unlimited drinks package, an intoxicated Virgil tried to find his cabin and became agitated when he got lost. The lawsuit stated that Virgil was "subjected to prolonged prone restraint" and said crew members, at the request of the Staff Captain, also injected him with the sedative medication Haloperido and used multiple cans of pepper spray to subdue him. They determined the cause of death to be the combined effects of "mechanical asphyxia, obesity, cardiomegaly, and ethanol intoxication." The lawsuit alleged that Virgil showed obvious signs of being drunk in plain view of the crew members serving him, even though they had the right to stop serving him. In a statement to multiple media outlets, a Royal Caribbean Group spokesperson said, "We were saddened by the passing of one of our guests, worked with authorities on their investigation, and will refrain from commenting any further on pending litigation."

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/nation-world/drunk-raccoon-merch-raises-money-for-virginial-animal-shelter/507-23e8dc1e-adb4-4bb4-b552-58625ebbbe29
Article: Thanks to our incredible community, and everyone who jumped in on the fun of our now-famous “drunk raccoon” story, our Bonfire merch campaign is approaching $100,000 raised for Hanover County Animal Protection & Shelter and Hanover Animal Protection Officers," the animal shelter said in a Dec. "Thank you for lifting this little moment of chaos into something truly good for our community." The shelter is cashing in on the raccoon craze, even adding a 30-oz tumbler with the drunken raccoon on it. According to the animal shelter, all proceeds go to shelter animal care and enrichment, field officer training and equipment necessary to ensure safe and humane response to wildlife calls, "including the ones who occasionally party a little too hard." The raccoon went viral after it broke into an ABC liquor store in Ashland, Virginia, ransacked several shelves and then passed out near a toilet in the bathroom.

Link: https://abc7.com/videoClip/writing-826-nyc-children-education/18267584/
Article: 826NYC has the 411 on turning kids into super writers PARK SLOPE, Brooklyn -- Step through the storefront of the Superhero Supply Store, past the capes, cans of "anti-gravity," and jars of "immortality," and you'll find something far more powerful than any comic book gadget. "Here you're part of a secret community of writers." 826NYC is a nonprofit with the mission to empower students to explore limitless possibilities through writing and to give young people the agency to write whatever they want. "You'll see when they start connecting with who they are, with what they're doing in here." For more than 20 years, the nonprofit has published student's writing into tangible books, displayed and sold in the Superhero Supply Store.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cx2g0117qgpo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: TV faithful Claudia Winkleman made MBE by King at Windsor Castle 19 minutes ago Share Save Paul Glynn Culture reporter Share Save Reuters Claudia Winkleman was all smiles on Tuesday after being made an MBE by King Charles III at an investiture ceremony at Windsor Castle. Winkleman, who wore a white suit with matching headband and a black shirt for the occasion, was joined by family - including her mother, journalist Eve Pollard - at the royal residence. I'm speechless." PA Winkleman was honoured by King Charles III at the event Winkleman won a Bafta award in 2023 for her deadpan work on The Traitors, which returns in the New Year. Until the success of the show, Winkleman was best known for co-presenting BBC One's flagship celebrity dance contest, which she has been bringing her warmth and wit to in one form or another since 2004.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c62lqv3mvmjo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Starbucks workers and unions in 10 countries to protest in support of US baristas 46 minutes ago Share Save Danielle Kaye Business reporter Share Save EPA/Shutterstock Striking Starbucks workers picket outside a Starbucks before Mayor-elect Zohran Mamdani and Senator Bernie Sanders arrive to join them in the Brooklyn borough of New York, New York, US, 01 December 2025. Starbucks workers and union members in England, Scotland and eight other countries are set to protest on Wednesday in support of striking US employees, the company's US union told the BBC. The chain, under chief executive Brian Niccol, has been working to bring back customers, promising faster service and a return to its coffeehouse roots, with ceramic mugs and hand-written notes.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/world/hamas-wants-more-pressure-on-israel-before-ceasefires-next-phase
Article: JERUSALEM (AP) — A Hamas leader on Tuesday threatened to not move into the next phase of the Gaza ceasefire agreement until more pressure is put on Israel to open a key border crossing, cease deadly strikes and allow more aid into the Palestinian territory. The accusation came as Israel’s government says it is ready to move into the next and more complicated phase of the ceasefire deal, while calling on the militant group to return the remains of the last Israeli hostage held in Gaza. READ MORE: Netanyahu says Israel and Hamas will soon enter second phase of ceasefire Husam Badran, a member of Hamas’ political wing, called for the “full implementation of all the terms of the first phase” before moving forward, including an end to what he called the continuing demolition of Palestinian homes in the majority of the territory still controlled by Israel. It has defended its strikes as a response to attacks against its soldiers or people getting too close to the area it controls, though a number of people killed have been women and children and some strikes have occurred in the “safe zone,” according to Palestinian health officials. Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said Sunday that Israel and Hamas are “very shortly expected to move into the second phase of the ceasefire,” after Hamas returns the remains of the last hostage.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/09/why-nflx-is-making-a-big-mistake-trying-to-buy-wbd-according-to-a-top-analyst.html
Article: Discovery would saddle the streaming giant with massive legacy risks and erase some of its biggest competitive advantages, according to Needham's Laura Martin, one of the most widely followed media analysts on Wall Street.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/9/frances-prime-minister-faces-crunch-vote-in-parliament?traffic_source=rss
Article: France’s National Assembly is set to vote on a major social security budget bill, in a critical test for the embattled Prime Minister Sebastien Lecornu, who has pledged to deliver the country’s 2026 budget before the end of the year. “This social security budget bill is not perfect, but it is the best possible,” Lecornu wrote on X on Saturday, warning that failure to pass it would threaten social services, public finances, and the role of parliament. Socialist leader Olivier Faure said on Monday that his party could back the bill after the government agreed to suspend Macron’s 2023 pension reform, which raised the retirement age, until after the 2027 presidential election. Lecornu, a close Macron ally, said last week that rejection of the bill would nearly double the expected shortfall from 17 billion to 30 billion euros ($20bn-$35bn), threatening the entire 2026 public spending plan.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/video/newsfeed/2025/12/9/deadly-fire-breaks-out-in-office-building-in-indonesias-capital?traffic_source=rss
Article: Deadly fire breaks out in office building in Indonesia’s capital NewsFeed Deadly fire breaks out in office building in Indonesia’s capital Office workers were seen climbing down ladders to escape a deadly fire in Indonesia’s capital Jakarta, where at least 22 people died.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/9/tanzania-tightens-security-bans-protests-against-disputed-election?traffic_source=rss
Article: Police and soldiers were patrolling largely empty streets in major cities on Tuesday – Tanzania’s Independence Day – after the government preemptively ruled that any protest would be illegal and treated as a coup attempt, and urged people to stay at home. On Tuesday, police trucks and officers on foot patrolled the commercial capital, Dar es Salaam, the administrative capital Dodoma and the northeastern city of Arusha, while roadblocks were erected near key government installations including President Samia Suluhu Hassan’s heavily guarded offices. The United States said last week that it was reviewing its relationship with Tanzania over concerns about violence against civilians as well as religious freedom, free speech and barriers to investment.

Link: https://www.latimes.com/california/story/2025-12-09/california-la-top-most-generous-communities-in-2025-gofundme-analysis-finds
Article: During a tumultuous year marked by several crises — most notably the devastating January wildfires — Californians, and Angelenos in particular, responded with generosity, being the most likely to have been repeat donors to GoFundMe fundraisers in 2025, the company announced. GoFundMe’s Year in Help report, published Tuesday, ranked California as the most generous state and Los Angeles as the most generous community, based on the percent of repeat donors to GoFundMe charities or crowdsourced fundraisers. Advertisement “What we continue to see is that when needs grow, individuals and nonprofits respond with even more generosity,” said Tim Cadogan, chief executive of GoFundMe and an Altadena resident. It’s just very hopeful that when the chips are down, people do step up.” An average of 1 in 5 California households donated to a GoFundMe fundraiser this year, the report found. “The thing that struck me the most was the emotional support that a fundraiser created for people, this sense that, ‘I’m not alone.’ ” Advertisement “I had people tell me, ‘My fundraiser represents an unfathomable amount of love,’ ” he said. It was also new to see such high engagement from grassroots, community organizers, he said, who worked to help raise awareness or support for underserved fundraisers, such as those to support Black or Latino families who lost homes. “It does not replace FEMA support, it does not replace insurance, it complements those — and it’s really quick.” In addition to several successful wildfire relief fundraisers, the company also highlighted campaigns that responded to the dramatic crackdown on undocumented immigrants over the summer in L.A., as well as other major emergencies across the region. GoFundMe also reported that “essential-expense fundraising” rose by 20% this year, particularly for those facing food insecurity, which became a growing concern during the long government shutdown that resulted in a lapse in funding for the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program, or SNAP.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/popular-baby-item-sold-us-only-few-more-weeks-11180999
Article: Why It Matters Many parents rave about the Snuggle Me infant lounger, but the product has been discontinued after the Consumer Product Safety Commission (CPSC) adopted a rule in May establishing safety standards for products classified as "infant support cushions." The agency said it adopted the rule because infant support cushions can create unsafe sleeping conditions. The CPSC originally created the rule that effectively banned Snuggle Me's infant lounger after citing 17 deaths in 2020 and at least 17 deaths in 2021 because of certain products' unsafe sleeping conditions in infant loungers. There's also a new Play Collection, made from 100 percent organic cotton twill, that offers what the company describes as a "sensory-friendly approach" to play for babies 0 to 36 months old. "At Snuggle Me, our mission has always been to create products that nurture babies and support families with organic-first, thoughtfully designed products," Olivia Davis, the general manager of Snuggle Me Organic, said in a statement. Trumka, a commissioner of the Consumer Product Safety Commission, said in a statement on May 5: "This closes one of the largest remaining product safety gaps contributing to unsafe sleep. This will put a stop to companies avoiding safety standards by calling their baby pillows by different names…we now cover the field for any such products." Alex Beene, a financial literacy instructor for the University of Tennessee at Martin, told Newsweek: "Some infant loungers have faced increased scrutiny in recent years because their designs can pose a hazard to children through unsafe sleeping conditions. The Consumer Product Safety Commission's most recent standards update has led to some of these loungers, like the Snuggle Me, retiring as they fail to meet some of the new rules." What Happens Next For parents who relied on the Snuggle Me infant lounger or received recommendations for it from others, the discontinuation of the product could spark a rush to stores before the item is no longer available.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/ncaa/ole-miss-hires-former-lane-kiffin-assistant-after-lsu-fallout-11181126
Article: Lane Kiffin abruptly accepted the LSU job following Ole Miss’s 38-19 Egg Bowl win, then tried to negotiate to coach the Rebels through the postseason; Ole Miss leadership declined and moved quickly to install defensive coordinator Pete Golding as head coach. Kiffin’s exit set off a chaotic reshuffling among assistants and recruiting staff, with several offensive coaches joining him in Baton Rouge, while others remained or were eventually reinstated for CFP preparations. Read More: Florida AD Reveals What Went Wrong in Lane Kiffin Pursuit Baker is a young offensive coach who began as a graduate assistant at Abilene Christian GA (2014-15) before moving on to quality-control work at North Texas (2016-18) and USC, USC tight ends coach (2020). Read More: Vanderbilt Drops 3-Word Reaction to Diego Pavia’s Heisman Announcement East Carolina’s 2025 offense ranked among the best in college football — 465.7 total yards per game (13th nationally) and 32.5 points per game (24th), according to ESPN. Most notably, Baker's fast-paced offense helped transform ECU from a 2-10 squad in 2023 into an 8-5 team in 2024 and 8-4 in 2025, highlighted by a 6-2 run in American Conference play.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nfl/shedeur-sanders-conspiracy-theory-emerges-cleveland-browns-starter-11181372
Article: The Cleveland Browns have officially named Shedeur Sanders their starting quarterback for the remainder of the season, but there are some who still feel the Browns are trying to sabotage him. NFL legend Shannon Sharpe, who has been one of the most vocal critics of Cleveland throughout the campaign, feels that the reason the Browns named Sanders the stater is because of how difficult the schedule is. Read more: Aaron Rodgers Seemingly Throws Jab at Steelers WR "I really hate to feel this way, but a part of me is like, 'Yeah, we're going to let him start the rest of the season. Put Dillon [Gabriel] in there.'" Cleveland definitely has a difficult schedule to end the season, but at the same time, Sharpe had been calling for Sanders to start all year long. Sanders has thrown for 769 yards, five touchdowns and three interceptions while completing 52.4 percent of his passes and posting an 80.9 passer rating in four appearances and three starts this season. Most recently, the University of Colorado product went 23-for-42 with 361 yards, three touchdowns and a pick while also punching in a rushing score during a loss to the Tennessee Titans. Week 14 was unquestionably Sanders' strongest performance of the campaign to date, so that's why Browns head coach Kevin Stefanski decided to name him the starter for the remainder of 2025. Read more: Bears Star Lands Bleak Trade Update After Latest Brutal Performance Yes, the schedule is difficult, but let's be honest: if Stefanski didn't name Sanders the starter after his performance against the Titans, Sharpe and many others would be calling for his head.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/betting/all-in-with-ashley-nfl-week-14-winners-and-losers-with-actor-armani-gabriel-11181255
Article: Later, Ashley is joined by 2022 Miami Dolphins Fan Of The Year Allison Goodman for a conversation about the Dolphins' season to date, the franchise's decision to tank for Tua Tagovailoa back in 2019 and what it was like winning her favorite team's Fan Of The Year award.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/atmospheric-river-map-states-major-flooding-11180599
Article: A break late this week will be brief as there will be a lull in activity before picking back up again this weekend," AccuWeather said in an advisory shared with Newsweek on Tuesday. The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) describes atmospheric rivers as long, narrow bands of moisture in the sky that transport most of the water vapor outside the tropics According to AccuWeather, a wide area encompassing Portland and much of western Washington and Oregon is forecast to pick up four to eight inches of rain through Wednesday night. Multiple rivers downstream of Mount Rainier are expected to approach or forecast to break record levels that have not been observed in 50 years for some," AccuWeather storm warning meteorologist Ethan Rogers said in the advisory. Almost all small streams and short-run rivers across western Washington and Oregon are expected to rise to minor or moderate flood levels, according to AccuWeather, which added that major flooding is likely on the Cowlitz, Puyallup, Skagit, Skykomish and Snoqualmie rivers, with multiple surges possible because water levels are already high. "Overall, this will be a relatively strong system for the Pacific Northwest, but the intensity of the rain and wind won't be too terribly unusual for what the Pacific Northwest typically experiences this time of year. What is more unusual is how long the duration of rain will be, especially for areas in southwest Washington and northeast Oregon, where some places will see the rain be non-stop from this afternoon through Wednesday night," AccuWeather meteorologist Kai Kerkow told Newsweek on Monday. On average, an atmospheric river carries an amount of water vapor roughly equivalent to the average flow of water at the mouth of the Mississippi River, with particularly strong atmospheric rivers capable of moving up to 15 times more.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/mlb/dodgers-gm-gives-telling-quote-on-teoscar-hernandezs-trade-chances-11181257
Article: Hernández was still there to provide some crucial home runs in the playoffs, but his 100-point dip in OPS and brutal defense in right field seem to have given the Dodgers some pause. Last week, The Athletic reported that the Dodgers had discussed Hernández's name in trade conversations with other teams, though nothing was suggesting at the time that a deal was close. And it made sense that the Dodgers would at least listen, because Hernández's right-handed power could be so appealing to opposing teams that they'd be willing to pay a premium. “That’s not something we anticipate at all.” The Dodgers have every right to extract a high price for Hernández, and frankly, they shouldn't be pushy about trying to get it. So Gomes, while he didn't shut down the possibility of a trade altogether, summed up fairly clearly why a trade is unlikely: The Dodgers likely aren't expecting some mystery team to put together a package worthy of consideration.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/map-shows-possible-targets-as-trump-weighs-land-strikes-in-venezuela-11180922
Article: When asked by Politico whether Trump would deploy ground troops to oust the regime of Nicolas Maduro, whose government Washington does not recognize following a disputed 2024 election, Trump replied: “I don’t want to rule in or out.” It adds to speculation about Trump's next move in the region as he leads a crackdown on drug trafficking centered on Maduro. Mark Cancian, a senior adviser with the Center for Strategic and International Studies, told Newsweek that the three potential targets for any move by Trump against Venezuela could involve cartels, the Venezuelan military and the Maduro regime, with some overlap. Why It Matters Trump has repeatedly floated the prospect of land-based strikes against Venezuela, and his administration has ordered 20 operations targeting vessels accused of drug trafficking that have killed more than 80 people in actions whose legality has been questioned. While experts have said that air strikes rather than American boots on the ground were more likely, Trump’s comments to Politico will add to speculation over his next move and whether it could target Venezuela’s military sites, drug facilities or both. What To Know Trump and Secretary of State Marco Rubio have upped the pressure on Maduro in a campaign in which there has been a buildup of American military might in the Caribbean and lethal strikes on boats the White House says are trafficking drugs. The attacks on vessels, which Maduro denies are linked to drug trade or him, have vexed Democrats, some Republicans and the United Nations commissioner for human right over whether they violate international law. Trump told Politico that he did not want to rule out sending troops into Venezuela or talk about military strategy and suggested that he would consider expanding strikes against targets in other countries with high drug-trade activity, such as Mexico and Colombia. Venezuelan military bases could be among the potential targets, Cancian told Newsweek, while going after the cartels would involve strikes on cartel leadership, production facilities, smuggling airfields and warehouses at ports. I don’t talk about it." Mark Cancian, senior adviser at the Center for Strategic and International Studies, told Newsweek: “Attacks on the Maduro regime would aim for its overthrow and would focus on party, military, and internal security force headquarters….It might involve attacks on the leadership itself. The challenge here is that the effort succeeds only if Maduro leaves.” Jennifer Kavanagh, director of military analysis at Defense Priorities, told Newsweek: “There's no other reason to put a carrier strike group in Latin America unless you're looking to conduct a more significant operation, not just to use the threat of force, but actually make good on that threat.” What Happens Next Trump has said that the days of Maduro “are numbered,” and his comments to Politico will fuel speculation that the United States could escalate its response to alleged drug trafficking with military action beyond maritime operations.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/olive-oil-recall-botulism-contamination-threat-fda-risk-warning-issued-11180701
Article: Hale inc., based in Kentucky, issued a voluntary recall for the infused olive oil products on September 9 as they were manufactured without an approved process filed, the FDA said. Why It Matters A Class II risk classification, one of three, refers to a situation in which the "use of or exposure to a violative product may cause temporary or medically reversible adverse health consequences or where the probability of serious adverse health consequences is remote," according to the FDA. The Centers for Disease Control (CDC) warns that the bacterium Clostridium botulinum can create a toxin that attacks the body’s nerves, which can cause breathing problems, muscle paralysis, and even death in some cases. What To Know The products impacted by the recall are the following: Lotsa Pasta International Food Shop Roasted Garlic Infused Olive Oil - 54 bottles - UPC code: 736211448415 Lotsa Pasta International Food Shop Fresh Basil Infused Olive Oil - 54 bottles - UPC code: 736211448316 The affected bottles were distributed only in Kentucky, according to the FDA. Though uncommon, store-bought foods also can be contaminated with botulinum toxin." It adds: "The conditions in which the spores can grow and make toxin are: low-oxygen or no oxygen (anaerobic) environment; low acid; low sugar; low salt; a certain temperature range; a certain amount of water." The World Health Organization says on its website: "Foodborne botulism is a serious, potentially fatal disease.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/crockett-talarico-chances-flipping-gop-texas-senate-seat-11181020
Article: Recent polling has shown all Democratic Party candidates, including state legislator James Talarico, with work to do to win over enough voters to beat whoever the Republican nominee ends up being. Why It Matters Texas has become a key focus of the 2026 midterms, with court action against redistricting efforts by the GOP as President Donald Trump looks to secure a longer-term Republican majority in Congress. What To Know Crockett could face off in the primary against state legislator James Talarico, Representative Joaquin Castro, and former Representative Beto O'Rourke, with the latter two being floated as potential candidates. Polling through the spring and summer pitted Allred against Republican hopefuls, including incumbent John Cornyn, with the Republican coming out on top in all polls gathered by 270 to Win—generally between 43 and 48 percent against Allred’s 37 to 46 percent range. Crockett was rumored to be entering the race for several weeks, with a University of Houston-Texas Southern University poll on October 9 showing her against current Texas Attorney General Ken Paxton 47 percent to 49 percent. Overall, polling remains tight for both Crockett and Talarico regardless of who the Republican rival ends up being, but a rundown from Real Clear Polling showed the GOP still winning, regardless of the nominee, by anywhere between 1 and 6 points on election day next November. What People Are Saying James Talarico, Texas state representative and Senate primary rival, said in a statement emailed to Newsweek Monday: "We’re building a movement in Texas—fueled by record-breaking grassroots fundraising and 10,000 volunteers who are putting in the work to defeat the billionaire megadonors and puppet politicians who have taken over our state. Our movement is rooted in unity over division—so we welcome Congresswoman Crockett into this race." Representative Jasmine Crockett, in a statement on her website: "I’m a battle-tested fighter who’s gone toe-to-toe with Abbott and Paxton and I’ve faced hundreds of attacks from Trump himself. I’ve built winning coalitions and brought together voters of all backgrounds, all stars and stripes, and every walk of life under the common belief that government should be of and for the people." Ken Paxton, Texas attorney general, said in a statement emailed to Newsweek Monday: "Crazy Jasmine Crockett is going to lose by double digits in the general, but John Cornyn has ALREADY—nearly six months out from the runoff—stolen $40 million that should have gone to Senate races in Georgia, NC, Michigan, etc. Even after lighting all that money on fire he's still so unpopular in Texas that he's in third place in the primary, unless of course he's paying for the poll. It's beyond selfish, but that's just who he is." What’s Next With a few months to go before primary day, it remains to be seen whether Democrats will coalesce around a well-known name like Crockett—who has gained recognition for her efforts to hold President Trump, Texas Governor Greg Abbott and Republicans in Congress to account—or if they will go for Talarico, who has shown more widespread favorability among his party’s base.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/donald-trump-pennsylvania-rally-when-how-to-watch-11180096
Article: President Donald Trump will travel to Pennsylvania on Tuesday to headline a rally in the Pocono Mountains, aiming to bolster his economic message amid persistent public skepticism about his handling of inflation and prices. “You can call it ‘affordability’ or anything you want, but the Democrats caused the affordability problem, and we’re the ones that are fixing it." Why It Matters The visit comes as Republicans recalibrate their economic messaging following poor showings in recent off-year elections. Trump has blamed his predecessor, Democrat Joe Biden, for inflation, but some of his own policies, including sweeping tariffs enacted in April, have drawn criticism for driving up consumer prices. The rally will take place at Mount Airy Casino Resort in Monroe County, according to the Pennsylvania Republican Party, and is set to begin at 6 p.m., according to WVIA, a Scranton-based PBS and NPR affiliate. Although the campaign has not posted official livestream details as of Tuesday morning, Trump's speaking events are consistently broadcast live on the White House's official YouTube channel and covered by major cable news channels and select online outlets. What People Are Saying White House chief of staff Susie Wiles outlined the campaign’s strategy, explaining on The Mom View podcast: “We’re actually going to turn that on its head and put him on the ballot because so many of those low-propensity voters are Trump voters. So I haven’t quite broken it to him yet, but he’s going to campaign like it’s 2024 again." Pennsylvania Democratic Party Chair Eugene DePasquale told Reuters: “While Trump is desperately trying to sell his economic failures to the very people in northeastern Pennsylvania that he’s harming, Pennsylvanians know Trump’s chaotic tariffs and harmful policies are raising the costs of everything from groceries to healthcare bills." Chris Borick, director of the Muhlenberg College Institute of Public Opinion, told Reuters: “If [Trump] just looks like he’s heralding all the successes and doesn’t acknowledge that people are feeling pain, that’s problematic." What Happens Next The Mount Airy rally is the first in a series of domestic events planned to showcase Trump’s economic record and policy goals ahead of next year’s election.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nfl/vikings-wr-justin-jefferson-involved-in-sideline-incident-with-team-security-11178089
Article: More News: Browns QB Shedeur Sanders Drops Cryptic Hint About NFL Future And while McCarthy delivered the best game of his brief career, the same can’t be said for star wide receiver Justin Jefferson. The four-time All-Pro wideout logged just two catches on four targets for 11 yards, and this comes one week after he totaled two receptions on six targets for just four yards in a 26-0 blowout loss to the Seattle Seahawks. More News: Florida Tried to Poach Another SEC Head Coach Before Hiring Jon Sumrall With Minnesota up big in the second half, head coach Kevin O’Connell decided to sit Jefferson toward the end of the fourth quarter to avoid risk of injury — a decision he says Jefferson tried to fight, prompting the team’s security detail to get involved. “A collective group effort between myself, Keenan, and a couple other folks, probably Dave Corse, our security guy as well, because Justin did not want to come out of the game. If Justin has demonstrated anything this year — the leadership, the smile on his face right now — he wants to win.” O’Connell’s tongue-in-cheek delivery signaled the incident was somewhat lighthearted, and most would agree that O’Connell made the right call in keeping his superstar receiver on the sideline.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/nation-world/oscar-mayer-search-wienermobile-drivers-how-to-apply/507-76bf6b80-2a80-4877-981b-f0c5b67b7ef1
Article: highways in 1936, but it wasn't until 1988 when the company introduced the "Hotdogger Program." To cut the mustard, candidates will need a bachelor's degree — preferably in public relations or similar communications fields. How to apply to be an Oscar Mayer Wienermobile driver If you're ready to take the wheel of one of the most iconic vehicles in America, applications are available online on the Kraft Heinz careers site. “There is no better way to jumpstart your career than behind the wheel of an American icon, and each year applicants go all out to get our attention—whether it be creating social media videos or mailing in creative scrapbooks and projects to our headquarters,” Molle Twing, Senior Brand Manager for Oscar Mayer and former Hotdogger said.

Link: https://abc7.com/post/trump-says-hes-fixing-affordability-problems-hell-test-message-pennsylvania-rally/18267625/
Article: Trump to discuss affordability at Pennsylvania rally today President Donald Trump will road-test his claims that he's tackling Americans' affordability woes at a Tuesday rally in Mount Pocono, Pennsylvania - shifting an argument made in Oval Office appearances and social media posts to a campaign-style event. Following dismal results for Republicans in last month's off-cycle elections, the White House has sought to convince voters that the economy will emerge stronger next year and that any anxieties over inflation have nothing to do with Trump. The president has consistently blamed his predecessor, Democrat Joe Biden, for inflation even as his own aggressive implementation of policies has pushed up prices that had been settling down after spiking in 2022 to a four-decade high. Companies warned that the import taxes could be passed along to consumers in the form of higher prices and reduced hiring, yet Trump continues to insist that inflation has faded. "You can call it 'affordability' or anything you want - but the Democrats caused the affordability problem, and we're the ones that are fixing it." The president's reception in the county hosting his Tuesday rally could give a signal of just how much voters trust his claims. Monroe County flipped to Trump in the 2024 election after having backed Biden in 2020, helping the Republican to win the swing state of Pennsylvania and return to the White House after a four-year hiatus. White House chief of staff Susie Wiles said on the online conservative talk show "The Mom View" that Trump would be on the "campaign trail" next year to engage supporters who otherwise might sit out a congressional race. Wiles, who helped manage Trump's 2024 campaign, said most administrations try to localize midterm elections and keep the president out of the race, but she intends to do the opposite of that. "We're actually going to turn that on its head," Wiles said, "and put him on the ballot because so many of those low-propensity voters are Trump voters." Wiles added, "So I haven't quite broken it to him yet, but he's going to campaign like it's 2024 again." Trump has said he's giving consumers relief by relaxing fuel efficiency standards for autos and signing agreements to reduce list prices on prescription drugs. But many Americans see the prices of housing, groceries, education, electricity and other basic needs as swallowing up their incomes, a dynamic that the Trump administration has said it expects to fade next year with more investments in artificial intelligence and manufacturing. Since the elections in November when Democrats won key races with a focus on kitchen table issues, Trump has often dismissed the concerns about prices as a "hoax" and a "con job" to suggest that he bears no responsibility for inflation, even though he campaigned on his ability to quickly bring down prices.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cx2g05g3r7xo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: MI5 closely involved in handling of IRA spy Stakeknife, says report 12 minutes ago Share Save Julian O'Neill BBC News NI crime and justice correspondent Share Save IMAGES4MEDIA.COM Stakeknife was west Belfast man Freddie Scappaticci, who died in 2023 MI5 had a bigger role in the handling of a spy who murdered at least 14 people while working at the heart of the IRA during the Troubles in Northern Ireland than it had previously claimed. MI5 director general Sir Ken McCallum has offered sympathies "to the victims and families of those who were tortured or killed by the Provisional IRA's internal security unit during the Troubles". The report, authored by former Police Scotland chief constable Sir Iain Livingstone, found: "MI5 was involved in briefing and tasking Stakeknife via the (Army) throughout his operation as an agent." It said the belated discovery and disclosure of documents by MI5 to the investigation last year was "a serious organisational failure". The report states: "The revelation of the MI5 material was the culmination of several incidents capable of being negatively construed as attempts by MI5 to restrict the investigation, run down the clock, avoid any prosecutions relating to Stakeknife and conceal the truth." It adds the PPS's view is that the material "would not have altered prosecution decisions", but "investigative opportunities were undoubtedly lost". The documents reveal Stakeknife's army handlers twice took him out of Northern Ireland for a holiday "when they knew he was wanted by the [police] for conspiracy to murder and false imprisonment". "Accordingly, the unavailability of this material to Kenova represents a lost opportunity whose impact can never be fully known." 'Stakeknife should be named' In the report's preface, Sir Iain states Stakeknife should be named "in the public interest". However, he added: "The government's first duty is to protect national security and identifying agents risks jeopardising this." Police Service of Northern Ireland (PSNI) Chief Constable Jon Boutcher, who led Kenova until his appointment in 2023, said naming Stakeknife "would not put anyone at risk, affect the recruitment or retention of agents or the flow of secret intelligence or damage national security". Pacemaker Scappaticci (left of picture) pictured at the 1988 funeral of IRA man Brendan Davison KRW Law, which represents families of some of those murdered by the IRA, said it was "insulting to the families" that Stakeknife had not been named in the Kenova report. "It's a slap in the face by the state at a time when their ought to be the most fulsome of apologies over what was a state-sponsored murder operation lasting from 1979 to 1994," it said. "However, it found that 'time and again' the reports were not acted upon, with the protection of the agent apparently more important that protecting those who could and should have been saved." Pacemaker Sir Iain Livingston and PSNI Chief Constable Jon Boutcher speaking to reporters after report was published Investigators found that a special Army unit known as the "Rat Hole" was set up solely to assist the management of Stakeknife. "These ranged in value from roughly the equivalent of an average wage to lump sums of tens of thousands of pounds, including to assist with the purchase of property." MI5 director apologises In a statement, the MI5 director said the organisation retrieved and provided a "very large volume of historical records" to the Kenova investigation. He said he apologised to Sir Iain, and that an independent review conducted by a former assistant commissioner of the Metropolitan Police Helen Ball found no material was deliberately withheld. "MI5 is now implementing all of ex-AC Ball's recommendations," he added: "I repeat today my apology for the late discoveries." 1972 killing investigated Family Jean Smyth-Campbell was fatally wounded in 1972 The report also covers a re-investigation of the killing of Jean Smyth-Campbell, a 24-year-old woman who was shot as she sat in a parked car on the Glen Road in west Belfast in 1972. "Jean's family believe that the evidence supports the theory that it is more likely to have been a member of the British Army who killed Jean, rather than a member of (P)IRA." PA Media The Taoiseach said the report details the "very sordid story" of the top British agent in the Provisional IRA

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c0r90xg5wwqo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Some schools disrupted amid rise in flu cases 49 minutes ago Share Save Hazel Shearing , Education correspondent and Kate McGough , Education reporter Share Save Getty Images Some schools have had to bring back Covid-like measures to prevent the spread of flu, as rates of reported illnesses in schools and other educational settings are higher than this time last year. The most recent data from the UK Health Security Agency (UKHSA), which monitors the spread of winter viruses, found there were 107 acute respiratory incidents in educational settings in England between 24 and 30 November. Of the 107 incidents reported in education settings for the last week of November, 17 identified influenza as the virus involved, with two more schools reporting Covid as the cause. Flu is on the rise in the UK, according to the UKHSA - with a weekly average positivity rate of 17.1% among reported test results as of 2 December, up from 11.6% the week before. And in Northern Ireland the headteacher of a primary school in County Londonderry compared levels of sickness to "being back in Covid times" after 170 of his pupils were off sick on the same day. DfE guidance published in October asks schools in England to open windows and doors whenever possible to make sure classrooms are ventilated, and to use carbon dioxide monitors, if they have them, to "identify poorly ventilated areas". "Explain why you are opening the window, even on a chilly day, even just for 10 minutes can make a big difference, and the benefits of bringing fresh air into the classroom," it says. Pepe Di'Iasio, general secretary of the Association of School and College Leaders, said: "We're aware that flu and other winter illnesses are causing disruption in several schools across the UK and that this can be an extremely difficult situation to manage." He said schools would communicate any steps they were taking to parents and students and it "may necessitate the closure or partial closure of a site where the situation is particularly severe".

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cn8e2kvzen7o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Judge rules Ghislaine Maxwell grand jury records can be unsealed Maxwell is serving a 20-year sentence for her role in luring underage girls for Epstein to exploit A federal judge in New York has ruled the US Department of Justice can publicly release grand jury materials from Ghislaine Maxwell's sex trafficking investigation. US District Judge Paul Engelmayer said he was ordering the release of material because of a recent law passed by Congress, which requires the justice department to publish files related to disgraced financier Jeffrey Epstein by the end of next week.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c39pr3d10wlo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Lithuania declares emergency situation over Belarus balloons 35 minutes ago Share Save Paul Kirby Europe digital editor Share Save Lithuanian state border guard service Thousands of cigarettes smuggled from Belarus have been intercepted in recent months and Lithuania calls it a "hybrid attack" The Lithuanian government has declared a "nationwide emergency situation" in response to a series of incursions from neighbouring Belarus by weather balloons carrying smuggled cigarettes. Belarus's long-time leader is a close ally of Russia's Vladimir Putin and Lithuania's President, Gitanas Nauseda, has said there is a lot of evidence that the balloon threat is a "deliberate action aimed at destabilising the situation in Lithuania". A number of European countries have faced a range of threats from Russia, which the EU has condemned as a "hybrid campaign" that includes sabotage, disruption to critical infrastructure and most recently drone flights near sensitive sites.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c773dmy876zo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Game at centre of AI debate in running for top Bafta award 35 minutes ago Share Save Tom Richardson BBC Newsbeat Share Save Embark Studios Arc Raiders has been a smash hit, but its use of AI has sparked debate A video game at the centre of a debate over artificial intelligence (AI) is in the running for the top prize at next year's Bafta Game Awards. Embark Studios Arc Raiders has won praise for its gameplay, visuals and sound Arc Raiders is an extraction shooter game set on a futuristic Earth that has been overrun by hostile machines and the human race run underground. Sandfall Interactive Role-playing game Clair Obscur is also nominated for Bafta's big prize The use of AI-based tools in game development is not new, but it has become a bigger topic since generative AI (GenAI) - the technology behind products such as ChatGPT - became more prominent. Raw Fury Adventure game Blue Prince was one of the best-reviewed games of 2025 Bafta has 1,700 games industry members who are eligible to vote in its annual awards and decide what gets nominated. In a statement released with the longlist, Bafta Games committee chair Tara Saunders said the awards were "a fantastic opportunity to spotlight the creativity and craft shaping this year's games".

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/world/zelenskyy-again-resists-u-s-pressure-on-ukraine-to-cede-any-land-to-russia-as-he-rallies-european-support
Article: proposal that Ukraine cede territory to Russia, arguing that Moscow retains the “upper hand” in its nearly 4-year-old invasion, and that Zelenskyy’s government must “play ball.” Zelenskyy met with Pope Leo XIV at Castel Gandolfo, a papal residence outside Rome and with Italian Premier Giorgia Meloni. The Vatican said the pope “reiterated the need for the continuation of dialogue and expressed his urgent desire that the current diplomatic initiatives bring about a just and lasting peace.” The Holy See has tried to stay neutral in the war while offering solidarity and assistance to what it calls the “martyred” people of Ukraine. Leo, who has met three times with Zelenskyy and has spoken by telephone at least once with Russian President Vladimir Putin, has called for a ceasefire and urged Moscow in particular to make gestures to promote peace. On Monday, Zelenskyy held talks in London with British Prime Minister Keir Starmer, French President Emmanuel Macron and German Chancellor Friedrich Merz to strengthen Ukraine’s hand amid mounting impatience from Trump. A major sticking point in the plan is the suggestion that Kyiv must give up control of the Donbas region of eastern Ukraine to Russia, which illegally occupies most but not all of the territory. “You know, a lot of people are dying,” Trump told Politico on Monday, claiming that other Ukrainian officials that he identified only as Zelenskyy’s “lieutenants, his top people” agree with the U.S. “But you know, at some point, size will win, generally.” READ MORE: Trump says Zelenskyy ‘hasn’t read’ a U.S.-authored proposal to end Russia-Ukraine war Trump also repeated his call for Ukraine to hold a presidential election even though martial law doesn’t allow it and Zelenskyy, elected in 2019, had his five-year term extended because of the war. peace plan differs from earlier versions in that it now has 20 points, down from 28, after he said some “obvious anti-Ukrainian points were removed.” Putin, speaking at a meeting Tuesday with pro-Kremlin activists, reaffirmed his claim that the Donbas is Russia’s “historic land” and vowed to fulfill the war goals set by the Kremlin. leader saying Monday that the push for peace was at a “critical stage,” and stressed the need for “a just and lasting ceasefire.” WATCH: European leaders rally around Ukraine after U.S. “The coming days … could be a decisive time for all of us.” European leaders are working to ensure that any ceasefire is backed by solid security guarantees both from Europe and the U.S. Zelenskyy and his European allies have repeatedly accused Putin of slow-walking the talks to press ahead with the invasion as his forces are make steady gains while waves of missiles and drones pummel Ukrainian infrastructure.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/politics/a-trump-backed-candidate-faces-a-democrat-with-national-support-in-miamis-mayoral-race-heres-what-to-know
Article: MIAMI (AP) — A candidate backed by President Donald Trump and one supported by national Democratic figures face off Tuesday to be the next Miami mayor, in this sun-kissed city shaped by immigrants where both major political parties are watching for a glimpse into their standing ahead of next year’s midterms , particularly among Hispanic voters. The Miami mayoral runoff — one of the final electoral battles before the 2026 midterms — comes on the heels of Trump’s influence in shifting the city’s political landscape markedly to the right. A Democratic victory would add to the party’s momentum heading into a midterm election following successes in November’s elections and a closer-than-expected loss in a special election last week for a Tennessee congressional district that Trump won by double digits last year. Higgins has proudly identified as La Gringa, a term Spanish speakers use for white Americans, but she also speaks Spanish and has represented the Cuban enclave of Little Havana as part of a district that leans conservative. Higgins has focused her campaign on local issues such as the cost of housing, but she has also mentioned national ones, including the arrest of immigrants under the Trump administration in a city with sizable Hispanic and foreign-born populations. When pressed that most of those arrested had not committed violent offenses, he said it was “a federal issue.” Miami is Florida’s second-most populous city, behind Jacksonville, and is considered the epicenter of the state’s diverse culture.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/economy/u-s-job-openings-stayed-level-at-just-below-7-7-million-in-october
Article: Here’s what experts say they mean The Job Openings and Labor Turnover Survey (JOLTS), which was delayed by the extended government shutdown, also showed that the layoffs rose and number of people quitting their jobs — a sign of confidence in the labor market — fell in October. But the job market has looked shaky in recent months, and the Fed is expected to reduce its benchmark rate for the third time this year, though some policymakers might dissent.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/us-job-openings-barely-budged-october-coming-below-128243572
Article: job openings barely budged in October, coming in at 7.7 million amid uncertainty over the direction of the American economy US job openings barely budged in October, coming in just below 7.7 million FILE - Applicants line up at a job fair at the Ocean Casino Resort in Atlantic City N.J., on April 11, 2022. The Job Openings and Labor Turnover Survey (JOLTS), which was delayed by the extended government shutdown, also showed that the layoffs rose to almost 1.9 million, most since January 2023. And the number of people quitting their jobs — a sign of confidence in the labor market — fell in October, suggesting that “businesses seeking to control labor costs will have to pivot to active layoffs, lifting unemployment, rather than rely on natural attrition,” Samuel Tombs, chief U.S. But the job market has looked shaky in recent months, and the Fed is expected to reduce its benchmark rate for the third time this year, though some policymakers might dissent.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/09/save-student-loan-payment-pause.html
Article: The proposed settlement would dismiss the SAVE litigation in exchange for the Education Department agreeing not to enroll any new borrowers in SAVE and to move all borrowers currently in the plan "into legal repayment plans," according to the department. The GOP states had argued that Biden, with SAVE, was trying to find a roundabout way to forgive student debt after the Supreme Court blocked his sweeping debt cancellation plan in June 2023. SAVE came with two key provisions that the lawsuits targeted: It had lower monthly payments than any other federal student loan repayment plan, and it led to quicker debt erasure for those with small balances.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/09/pfizer-deal-yaopharma-obesity-pill.html
Article: Pfizer CEO Albert Bourla talks during a press conference with European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen after a visit to oversee the production of the Pfizer-BioNtech COVID-19 vaccine at the factory of U.S. Pfizer on Tuesday said it has struck an up to $2.1 billion licensing deal with YaoPharma to develop and commercialize its obesity pill, furthering the pharmaceutical company's push into the weight loss space. The deal will help Pfizer beef up and diversify its obesity drug pipeline after a string of setbacks, including its decisions to scrap two different pills over the last two years. The drugmaker boosted its prospects in the competitive space with its up to $10 billion acquisition of the obesity biotech Metsera last month, following a fierce bidding war with Novo Nordisk. "We look forward to contributing our expertise and resources to continue the development of this investigational GLP-1 small molecule which complements and strengthens our growing portfolio of novel candidates for treating obesity and its adjacent diseases," said Chris Boshoff, Pfizer's chief scientific officer, in a statement. He added that Pfizer's $150 million upfront payment reflects "prudent capital conservation in light of the recent Metsera bidding war." The opportunity to enter the booming weight loss drug market could be huge for Pfizer.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/09/boeing-deliveries-fall-17percent-in-november-trailing-rival-airbus.html
Article: Through November 30, Boeing delivered 537 jets, including 396 737 Maxs, 74 787s, 33 777s and 28 767s, and booked 1,000 new orders, or a net 908 after cancellations and conversions.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/08/poetry-me-please-founder-how-i-built-creative-six-figure-side-hustle.html
Article: After Rashan Brown finished his first major gig as a spoken-word poet — opening for bestselling author and poet Rupi Kaur at the Kings Theatre in Brooklyn, New York, in December 2022 — he stepped outside and celebrated on the empty winter street. Standing on Tilden Avenue, grinning, he yelled, "[One day] we're going to be in Kings Theatre — we'll sell out Kings Theatre, the Apollo [Theater]." Brown, an ESPN product manager by day, was referencing his side hustle, a New York-based business called Poetry me, please. Selected artists, usually 10 per event, perform for free — in contrast to poetry events that charge performers entry fees — and get video and photos of their appearances after each showcase. Most of the revenue comes from ticket sales, and it's largely offset by the cost of running the events: Poetry me, please profited $500 in 2024, and Brown reinvested that back into the business, he says. Brown hires at least 10 contractors per event — like DJs, videographers and people manning the doors — plus a personal team including a chief of staff, agent, social media manager and project managers, he says. "I have full creative autonomy as an entrepreneur and as a CEO, like, every decision comes back to me," from each show's theme to the visuals on advertising flyers, says Brown, 30.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/video/newsfeed/2025/12/9/mohamed-salah-fans-at-arab-cup-react-to-his-liverpool-benching?traffic_source=rss
Article: NewsFeed Mohamed Salah fans at Arab Cup react to his Liverpool benching “I hope he continues at Liverpool and Arne Slot gets sacked.” Mohamed Salah fans at the Arab Cup told Al Jazeera’s Rylee Carlson he has done a lot for his club and shouldn’t be sidelined.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/sports/2025/12/9/liverpools-mohamed-salah-a-transfer-target-for-saudi-arabia?traffic_source=rss
Article: Saudi Arabia says it will do “whatever it can” to recruit unsettled Liverpool star Mohamed Salah during the winter transfer window, a source at the kingdom’s Public Investment Fund (PIF) has revealed. “We follow Salah’s position thoroughly and believe there can be a move either by loan or buying his contract,” said the source, who spoke on condition of anonymity on Tuesday, referring to the standoff between the Egyptian and Liverpool. “There is still no direct negotiations or talks with the club at the moment but there will be a move at the right moment.” The PIF source said the wealthy Gulf monarchy wanted to sign the Egyptian winger in January, during the next transfer window, to join stars such as Cristiano Ronaldo in Saudi Arabia. “There is a competition inside the Saudi league who will bring Salah,” the source said, adding that a club affiliated with Saudi Arabia’s state-owned oil and gas company was also interested. So it’s not only the PIF-affiliated clubs.” Ronaldo plays for Al-Nassr, Salah’s former Liverpool teammate, Darwin Nunez, is at Al-Hillal, another former Premier League player of the season, N’Golo Kante, is at Al-Ittihad, but Salah is the biggest football star from an Arab country. Salah said, after he was an unused substitute in the 3-3 draw with Leeds on Sunday, that he felt like he had been “thrown under the bus” by Liverpool and no longer had a relationship with manager Arne Slot. In 2024-25, Salah scored 29 goals and provided 18 assists last season, but he has been a shadow of his former self during Liverpool’s struggles this season — the title-holders are 10th in the table — with just four goals in 13 top-flight appearances.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/video/newsfeed/2025/12/9/israel-bids-farewell-to-thai-captive-before-remains-return-home?traffic_source=rss
Article: NewsFeed Israel bids farewell to Thai captive before remains return home Israel held a memorial ceremony for Sudthisak Rinthalak, a Thai agricultural worker taken captive during the Hamas-led attack in October 2023.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/politics/justice-department/advocacy-groups-sue-trump-administration-seeking-release-legal-memo-ju-rcna247649
Article: The complaint, filed in federal court in Manhattan, argues that the deadly strikes, which have killed at least 87 people since early September, are illegal and that Americans deserve to see the justification for them. military campaign against alleged drug boats, and to release them to the American Civil Liberties Union, or ACLU, and other plaintiffs, including the New York Civil Liberties Union and the Center for Constitutional Rights. “We think that the public deserves to know how our government is justifying the cold-blooded murder of civilians is lawful," Jeffrey Stein, attorney for the ACLU, said in an interview. "We think that the Trump administration needs to stop these illegal and immoral strikes immediately, and that the officials who have carried them out must be held accountable, not gifted a 'Get Out of Jail Free card.'" The U.S. 2 has become the subject of intense scrutiny after it was reported that two people survived the initial strike on the boat, and were later killed by a second one ordered by Adm. Some legal experts and Democratic politicians have argued that the follow-up strike, often known as a "double tap," violated international law because it targeted two people who were in an incapacitated craft in open waters. "By claiming that these attacks are legal while refusing to provide any evidence or rationale, Trump shows once again his disdain for basic transparency, human rights, and the rule of law," Ify Chikezie, staff attorney at the New York Civil Liberties Union, wrote in a statement.

Link: https://www.today.com/video/sheinelle-jones-named-official-co-host-of-today-s-4th-hour-254037061896
Article: There was so much joy in our house.” Sheinelle says, adding, "It feels like Uche is up there with God like ‘alright let’s make this happen.’ I put on his shirt this morning and I said a little prayer and I’m like ‘let’s go be with not my friend but my sister!'” Jenna & Sheinelle premieres Jan.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/mlb/phillies-kyle-schwarber-reportedly-agree-to-massive-150m-contract-11181875
Article: ESPN's Jeff Passan reported the Phillies and free agent slugger Kyle Schwarber agreed to terms on a five-year, $150 million contract to keep Schwarber in Philadelphia through his age-37 season. The Phillies loved Schwarber during his four-year stint with the club, and even though it was going to take a much, much bigger contract than the $79 million they gave him before the 2022 season, it was hard to see the superstar ever leaving his new home. According to Passan's report, the Pittsburgh Pirates, Cincinnati Reds, Boston Red Sox, Baltimore Orioles, and New York Mets all made pushes to sign Schwarber leading up to the winter meetings this week.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/couple-include-dog-holiday-costume-then-realize-big-mistake-11180410
Article: "I asked them if they'd ever seen a yellow dog before, and told them it was a special breed!" In a video to her TikTok account, @maytheeleven, on November 1, Katrina shared the story with followers, receiving more than 2 million views in the process. And I don't know how long this is going to last." Panning the camera to show Sully, lying beside her and giving her a definite side-eye while almost glowing because he was so yellow, she laughed and asked: "Did I make a big mistake?" ... Now, weeks later, Katrina revealed to Newsweek that the yellow color "lasted about a month." "He's still yellow tinted and in some deeper fur crevices he's still bright, but it's mostly off by now!" TikTok users were in stitches, as one wrote: "Tumeric? She had to bleach them." Andseveral laughed ad Sully's own reaction, one sharing a screengrab of his side-eye and writing: "Am I a joke to you?" "Does he know he was supposed to be Pikachu because his expression is giving the Grinch," another laughed, as one asked: "Why does he look offended?" ...

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/costco-shopper-purchases-coats-for-shelter-what-happens-at-checkout-stuns-11181748
Article: A Costco shopper in Colorado who set out to donate winter coats to a local homeless shelter says they never expected the post they shared about their experience to reach millions of people on Reddit—but that is exactly what happened after a store manager stepped in with a generous gesture. I decided to fill my cart with coats hoping that they would ring up at the lower price, and unfortunately, they did not.” The discounted price applied to a different style of coat that was on clearance. “I mentioned I was buying the coats for a shelter and the Costco manager discounted the coats down to the clearance price of the other coat for me, which ended up being a 60 percent discount,” they wrote. I wouldn’t have been able to afford eight at the higher price, so thanks to the wonderful folks at Costco, eight ladies will stay warm this Christmas season.” “I think people are looking for positive stories right now,” the shopper, who wants to stay anonymous, told Newsweek. "I was quite surprised by the attention the post received, but I am happy that so many people responded positively, and it seemed to spark more holiday charitable giving endeavors. Lots of people were inspired by the post, and some may have even taken it upon themselves to buy coats for charity in other locations across the globe.” The story has been met with hundreds of responses, many of them expressing gratitude for the shopper’s efforts and admiration for the store’s response. "Thank you, Costco, and thank you OP for your caring heart," one viewer said, while another added: "Small gesture on both sides that’s going to mean a lot for those women.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/trumps-cringe-cabinet-meetings-opinion-11181747
Article: One of the more unnerving and under-the-radar features of America’s rapid descent into authoritarian kleptocracy is President Donald Trump’s televised cabinet meetings, where one official after another goes around the table obsequiously kowtowing him and telling him what an amazing job he’s doing, stroking his papier machete ego and trying to prevent our senescent and emotionally incontinent strongman from having a meltdown (or drifting off into a nap). “In 10 months, we've secured commitments of over $18 trillion,” he said to his executive hostages on December 2, a figure he concocted out of thin air that is almost as big as the size of the entire American economy. Barack Obama similarly thought of his top executive branch officials, including then-Vice President Joe Biden and Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, as experts who could help him approach problems from every angle, perhaps sometimes too ponderously. Many of the most influential people in President Trump’s royal court, however, are the Fox News chatterboxes he watches religiously on TV, which is why he made a number of them members of his cabinet. These empty-headed grifters are the anchors of his carefully curated misinformation universe, many of whom know they are speaking directly to an audience of one, like the hive mind addressing Carol on Apple TV+’s Pluribus. The minute they became cabinet secretaries instead of television stars, they became much less important to President Trump, largely because media coverage is the primary way that he understands and reacts to the political world. To the extent that he is involved in policymaking, it is to send these hapless quislings off on the next goose chase, jerking tariffs around or preparing to bomb Nigeria or buy Greenland or implement the next plainly illegal executive order or inflict some fresh and indefensible cruelty on immigrants. The worst possible offense is not to constantly commit crimes or to make terrible public policy decisions but rather to draw bad press, which is why Defense Secretary Pete Hegseth and FBI Director Kash Patel are reportedly in hot water. The real job is this: The president lies and the cabinet secretaries are to give the lies a shape and a narrative and plausibility so that everyone in this vast propaganda operation can memorize their lines. His campaign of terror against innocent people has made America what he has always wanted it to be—a last-choice destination for immigrants—a place you would only migrate to if you literally had no other choice.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/chocolate-chip-cookie-dough-recall-issued-highest-consumer-risk-warning-11181256
Article: A batch of Doughy brand chocolate chip cookie dough has been voluntarily recalled by the manufacturer and given a Class I health risk warning— the highest possible —by the U.S. In this case, 113 12-oz tubs of cookie dough were recalled on November 20, 2025, by the manufacturer, Hudson River Foods Corp, and issued with a Class I food risk warning by the FDA on December 5. Any member of the public can get Salmonella poisoning, but vulnerable people, including children under 5 , older adults aged 65 or over, or aged 50+ with an existing health condition, and people with weakened immune systems are most at risk. The recalled cookie dough has a Best By/Expiration Date of July 4, 2026, and was distributed in the following 15 states: Texas New York Pennsylvania Florida New Jersey Illinois Montana California Massachusetts Ohio Arizona Oregon North Carolina Maryland Colorado According to the FDA enforcement report, which announced the recall classification, Hudson River Foods Corp has contacted those potentially affected by email. The FDA assigns classification levels (Class I, II, or III) to product recalls to indicate the degree of health risk associated with them, to help the public understand the urgency and severity of the recall: Class I: Highest risk—which means there is a “ reasonable probability ” that consumption of a contaminated product will cause “serious adverse health consequences or death.” Class II: Moderate risk—which may cause “temporary or medically reversible adverse health consequences,” if the contaminated product is consumed. Some people also have headache, nausea, vomiting, loss of appetite (not feeling hungry).” It also states: “Salmonella is a leading cause of foodborne illness, hospitalizations, and deaths in the United States and worldwide.” What Happens Next At the time of publishing, there is no information on whether any Salmonella infections have been reported, and no official press release has been published.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/medicaid-changes-trump-administration-provides-update-for-states-11180578
Article: The Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS) has provided an update on new Medicaid eligibility requirements requiring recipients to complete at least 80 hours of work or community service per month. The agency added that the aim was to "connect able-bodied, working-age adults with work and community engagement opportunities, reduce improper enrollment, and strengthen the long-term sustainability of Medicaid and the Children’s Health Insurance Program (CHIP)." Why It Matters As part of the measures brought in by President Donald Trump's 'One Big Beautiful Bill', all Medicaid enrollees, unless otherwise exempt, must complete and report 80 hours of work—which could include a job, community work, volunteering or education—each month. What To Know CMS said that the new working requirements would bring Medicaid "in line" with other public benefits like the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP) and Temporary Assistance for Needy Families (TANF), which it said "for decades have used similar policies to support beneficiaries on the path to prosperity." The agency advised that, in their implementation of the policy, states should ensure they "connect members to work and community," and "balance the benefits of state flexibility with the potential costs of options, including systems and operational costs." CMS said they should also "where possible, align policies with existing statutory and regulatory requirements including existing requirements for Medicaid, SNAP, TANF, IRS, and the Marketplace." "This will help defray operations costs and streamline business flows," CMS said. The agency also told states they should "protect taxpayers," meaning they should ensure "state community engagement determinations and verifications are easily auditable." The agency also provided additional guidance for states, outlining a total of $200 million in fiscal 2026 for states to establish the necessary systems to carry out these measures. States can choose whether to require recipients to demonstrate their community engagement for one, two or three consecutive months before January 1, 2027, as part of their review of Medicaid eligibility. Kennedy, Jr said in a statement: "I am very pleased that CMS is providing clear direction to states using breakthrough Medicaid community engagement tools that restore the dignity of work and lift people out of poverty, while supporting the sustainability of Medicaid for the most vulnerable. Mehmet Oz said in a statement: "For far too long, too many Americans who are able to work have been left isolated and discouraged by programs that don’t encourage their potential. These reforms send a clear message: you have agency, your contributions matter, and we will support you on the path to purpose and prosperity." What Happens Next All states are required to implement the community engagement requirements for Medicaid recipients by January 1, 2027, but some states could choose to move forward with the requirements earlier.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/im-a-surgeon-the-pitt-real-life-11181130
Article: But I felt like I was witnessing on the screen all the worst cases a doctor could see over the course of their career, and that wasn’t my idea of enjoyment. That’s my specialty) about the bleeding patient before him who had initially received care elsewhere, he hangs up the phone and repeats what he was told: “They say it’s not their job to fix another hospital’s problem.” Would the message be so blunt in real life? I appreciated that the show’s writers had lead doctor Robby (Noah Wyle, my hero) tell the parents directly, without euphemisms, that their daughter had died and the team was going to stop their resuscitation attempts. In real life, I typically meet children like that young drowning victim later in their hospitalization after they have been partially resuscitated, sometimes left with severely limited brain function and mobility for the remainder of their lives. The messy truth that The Pitt exposes here is that despite advances in professionalism and training on how to treat patients and colleagues as people, these hierarchies, cultural rifts and gender dynamics still surface in health care.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/historians-jack-the-ripper-suspect-theory-11181504
Article: Tom Holland and Dominic Sandbrook, hosts of The Rest is History podcast, will run through a list of suspects before revealing their theories related to the killer’s identity in the final episode, according to the outlet. Why It Matters Most historians believe the murders of five women, Mary Ann Nichols, Annie Chapman, Elizabeth Stride, Catherine Eddowes and Mary Jane Kelly, were committed by the same man in 1888, The Sunday Times reported. Holland described the case as “the first true crime story of the modern age.” “Jack the Ripper has become a figure of mystique and glamour, and that’s almost the most hideous thing about it. You think about all the detective novels, thrillers, films, TV dramas and, indeed, podcasts that revolve around the murder of women by men for entertainment — he’s the primal example of it,” Holland told The Sunday Times. What To Know Holland told The Sunday Times that the discussion of suspects will begin with the most implausible, including Queen Victoria’s grandson, Prince Albert Victor, and her physician, Sir William Gull. The prince was not in London at the time of the killings, and Gull was “in his seventies, had just had a stroke, and was morbidly obese,” Holland told the outlet. “Even if it did, the DNA could correspond to many more people than just him.” Police at the time of the killings suspected butchers, slaughterers and surgeons, as the killer slashed the women’s throats, cut open their bodies, removed internal organs and mutilated their faces and genitals, the outlet reported. “The life of a Victorian working man was not 9 to 5 — people are going to and coming from work throughout the night — and the idea that it is someone going to work is the likeliest explanation,” Holland told the outlet. If you’re a knackerman, a slaughterman or a butcher, you’ve got knives, anatomical expertise and a reason to have blood all over you.” Holland said he hopes his podcast will also highlight the victims’ stories. “Researchers into Jack the Ripper have combed through every document that’s available to try to work out who the women were and how they ended up where they did,” he told the outlet. It’s a fascinating window onto an aspect of 19th-century life that otherwise might be closed to us.” What People Are Saying Tom Holland, historian and host of The Rest is History podcast, in comments to The Sunday Times: “People say about serial killers that they show an interest in torturing and killing animals from childhood. So it would make sense, it seems to me, that you go from slicing up horses to increasingly horrific mutilations of women.” What Happens Next The first episode of the series was released on Monday, and the final episode is scheduled to be released on December 22.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/direct-payments1500-proposed-health-care-11179869
Article: Why It Matters Health care costs for an estimated 23 million Americans are scheduled to rise starting in January as lawmakers remain deadlocked over whether to renew the Affordable Care Act (ACA) tax credits set to expire on December 31. The proposal is expected to fail, lacking the Republican support needed to pass, but the GOP agreed to hold the vote after Democrats insisted on it as a condition for reopening the government during the record-breaking federal shutdown that ended last month. Under the outline, ACA enrollees earning below 700 percent of the federal poverty level would receive $1,000 in a Health Savings Account (HSA) if they are between 18 and 49, and $1,500 if they are 50 to 64. Senator Bernie Moreno, an Ohio Republican, jointly introduced the Consumer Affordability and Responsibility Enhancement (CARE) Act, which would provide a temporary ACA Premium Tax Credit extension and give Americans a two-year path off the coronavirus-era credits. “Some of our folks who are working on this issue are trying to come up with something that unites Senate Republicans,” Senate leader John Thune, a Republican, said last week, adding that there are “consultations going on all the time with the White House.” What Happens Next It remains unclear whether the Cassidy-Crapo bill will gain backing from the 53-member Senate Republican conference, which is set to review this and other proposals on Tuesday during a closed-door lunch.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/entertainment/cynthia-erivo-misogynoir-wicked-for-good-11178953
Article: A short red-carpet clip has ignited widespread outrage online after a reporter repeatedly described actor Cynthia Erivo as "tough" and "strong" in an uncomfortable exchange, prompting a wider conversation about misogynoir—misogyny against Black women—and microaggressions. A Meme That Went Too Far The interview followed a recent viral moment where Erivo shielded her Wicked co-star Ariana Grande after a fan rushed at her on a red carpet. A Content Creator Speaks Out Morin Abraham, 29, a Toronto-based film content creator known as The Film Diva (@thefilmdiva), posted her reaction on Instagram, amassing over 840,000 views—and even a like from Ariana Grande herself. Abraham told Newsweek: "After the most-recent red-carpet interview with Cynthia Erivo, people are starting to pick up on the fact that misogynoir exists and that there is a narrative being painted and reflects a long standing pattern in how Black women are framed in public life. "There was no reason for the interviewer to label Erivo as ‘tough’, ‘strong’ or a ‘protector.’ Cynthia gave a great response, explaining how she is and can be both protective and protected." In her video, Abraham said that, while some parody sketches were harmless, many crossed a line—targeting Erivo with "underlying tones" that made her uncomfortable. Miller noted that Black women face stereotypes tied both to sexism and racism—a dual-burden that American author bell hooks described as "double jeopardy." She highlighted harmful, enduring tropes identified by Patricia Hill Collins, including: the Mammy (caretaker); Welfare Queen (a lazy woman exploiting social systems); Matriarch (strong Black woman); Jezebel (hypersexualized caricature); and Sapphire (angry Black woman). To prevent further harm, Miller said that Hollywood and media culture must dismantle white and male-centered narratives that limit Black women’s representation, integrate Black feminist scholarship—such as the writings of Collins and hooks—into media training, and hire Black women into leadership roles where they can help reshape industry norms. Public Reaction Abraham emphasized why the language used in the interview matters: "To those on the outside, these labels may sound positive, but they often operate as constraints denying Black women the full emotional range routinely granted to others. "When a presenter repeatedly leans on these tropes, it reinforces a narrative that Black women are inherently resilient and therefore unworthy of softness, nuance, or care, which is not true." The conversation has drawn responses from major figures. everyone’s gonna have cognitive dissonance 2 years later like 'remember when everyone attacked Cynthia for being black bald and nurturing?…that was crazy'..it could jus[t] stop now lol [laugh out loud]." Fans also voiced their frustration: "They won't ask man these questions," said Aaron.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/brett-kavanaugh-takes-aim-at-supreme-courts-decisions-fec-nrsc-jd-vance-11181713
Article: Kavanaugh said he was "concerned" that the combination of Supreme Court decisions regarding campaign finance laws over the years have "reduced the power of political parties as compared to outside groups, with negative effects on our constitutional democracy." Republicans want to eliminate the limits on coordinated spending to allow parties to spend more freely on TV ads and organizing efforts for individual candidates. The case was initially brought against the Federal Election Commission, but, since the Trump administration isn't defending the limits, the Democratic National Committee and a Supreme Court-appointed attorney will argue for why the limits should be kept in place.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/chinese-navy-shadows-us-security-partner-north-korea-operation-11181109
Article: In a Monday news release, the New Zealand Defense Force said the replenishment vessel HMNZS Aotearoa was monitored by seven Chinese naval ships while operating in international waters of the East China Sea and the Yellow Sea in November. Why It Matters New Zealand is one of the United States' allies and partners that have deployed forces to monitor vessels suspected of transferring prohibited goods at sea, according to a Newsweek map, in support of United Nations Security Council sanctions aimed at imposing economic costs on North Korea for its nuclear and missile programs. In one of the officially released photos, a naval officer assigned to the Aotearoa can be seen monitoring a naval vessel—identified by the hull number 1101 as the frigate ROCS Cheng Kung of the Taiwanese navy—through binoculars in an undisclosed location. A New Zealand Defense Force spokesperson confirmed to Reuters on Tuesday that the Aotearoa "briefly encountered" the Cheng Kung while passing through the Taiwan Strait on November 5 as it sailed from the South China Sea to the East China Sea. However, the silhouette of a third warship—other than the Aotearoa and the Cheng Kung—is barely visible farther in the background when zooming in on the photo, suggesting that all three vessels were sailing in the same direction in the Taiwan Strait. During its mission to support sanctions against North Korea, the New Zealand vessel patrolled 158,000 square miles of water, interrupted two possibly illicit ship-to-ship transfers, identified seven vessels of interest and broadcast 79 deterrence messages. According to Japan's Ministry of Foreign Affairs, the Aotearoa's deployment in early to mid-November marked the second time the New Zealand navy has monitored and surveilled North Korean illicit activities in waters surrounding Japan since 2024. What People Are Saying New Zealand Commander Rob Welford, the commanding officer of HMNZS Aotearoa, said in a news release: "Through maritime patrol, airborne surveillance and international cooperation, we delivered tangible impact—from deterring illicit activity to supporting allied ships at sea. The professionalism of our own crews, and those of our partner nations, was evident throughout." Japan's Ministry of Foreign Affairs said: "As Japan has also been conducting information gathering activities for vessels suspected of violating the [United Nations Security Council resolutions], Japan works closely with relevant countries and international organizations, including New Zealand." What Happens Next The U.S. and its allies and partners are expected to continue deploying forces to help enforce United Nations Security Council sanctions against North Korea, which has refused to abandon its nuclear and missile programs.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nfl/baltimore-ravens-lamar-jackson-concerning-outlook-nfl-future-11181785
Article: Jackson has completed less than 60 percent of his passes in each of his last five starts and has amassed a grand total of three touchdowns, two through the air and one on the ground. Read more: Eagles Receive Critical Injury Update After Crushing Chargers Loss The two-time MVP missed three games during the middle of the season due to a hamstring injury and has also dealt with knee and toe ailments, but the general feeling is that Jackson's struggles go deeper than that, per Jeff Howe of The Athletic. "However, while it’s easy to focus on the injuries, the feeling is that there’s more to it, especially since Jackson has played through injuries at various points throughout his career," Howe wrote. Jackson is just 28 years old, so he should have plenty of football left in the tank, but much of the concern early in his career was that his play style would not lead to a lengthy career.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/entertainment/celebrity-news/prince-harry-threat-level-mystery-home-office-meghan-11180144
Article: Prince Harry is being given a new threat assessment by the British Government for the first time since quitting palace life—in a puzzling move that brings his relationship with the U.K. And he has been pushing for a particular risk assessment, which he hopes will deliver a threat level high enough that Government officials will consider him to need a police team again during trips to Britain. Harry sued the government to try to force them to give him a Risk Management Board [RMB] assessment and lost—but they are bizarrely now giving him one anyway, raising questions about why officials would suddenly change course. Some in the media have argued it must be a product of warming relations with King Charles III, but the Home Office always insisted it was never about the royal rift. This evidence was summarized by Judge Sir Peter Lane in 2024: "As regards RMB assessments, the witness statement explains that one consequence in the change of [Harry's] role and his decision to live mainly abroad was that the assessment of risk that the RMB had conducted in respect of the claimant in April 2019 had been overtaken by events. The decision to consider the case for [redacted text] was, in Sir Richard’s view, a flexible and tailored approach, which better matched [Harry's] revised circumstances." RAVEC's decision was never presented in court as a product of Harry not being at risk but rather the risk assessment process being designed for U.K. The judgment in a later Court of Appeal case, handed down in May, read: "RAVEC had not considered commissioning a risk analysis from the Risk Management Board after February 2020, in essence because that was, in the opinion of the relevant experts, unnecessary." Sir Richard felt “it made much more sense to assess the threat and risk issues" from Harry's U.K. trips "by reference to their particular context; rather than conduct [a risk analysis] for a principal who was no longer based in Great Britain and whose activities when he was present were not likely to be regular." It all makes the current decision to back down and conduct a RMB assessment a peculiar one, particularly given the Home Office won the case. Alternative Theories Ignoring everything known about Harry as a person, a clean and simple explanation would be that the prince returning to Britain would likely trigger a new RMB assessment. That is very hard to marry though with everything known about Harry, who appears on the face of it to be enjoying life in America even if the current president is not exactly his cup of tea. Ingrid Seward, author of My Mother and I, told Newsweek: "I think its highly unlikely because why would a 40-year-old man want to come and live in this country when he's living the good life in California. The only thing that makes me wonder is Trump." Seward cited a recent drama over Prince Harry's visa in light of his revelations in his book Spare that he had taken recreational drugs. One more orthodox argument in the British press is that Harry simply managed to sweet talk his way into getting what he wanted through a letter to British Home Secretary Shabana Mahmood, who only recently came into post in September, replacing Yvette Cooper. There is an argument for saying both Labour Party politicians may have been more favorable to Harry's cause than the Conservative Party predecessors in post during Harry and Meghan Markle's early years in America. After all, Cooper and Mahmood both signed a 2019 letter of solidarity in defense of Meghan, which did not bear the names of their Tory predecessors, Suella Braverman, Priti Patel, James Cleverly and Grant Shapps. “As women MPs of all political persuasions," the letter read, "we wanted to express our solidarity with you in taking a stand against the often distasteful and misleading nature of the stories printed in a number of our national newspapers concerning you, your character and your family. “Even more concerning still, we are calling out what can only be described as outdated, colonial undertones to some of these stories.” It concluded: "You have our assurances that we stand with you in solidarity on this. We will use the means at our disposal to ensure that our press accept your right to privacy and show respect, and that their stories reflect the truth." Of course, there remains Harry's perspective that his father had been standing in the way of him getting an RMB assessment, as he told the BBC in May: "I've never asked him to intervene—I've asked him to step out of the way and let the experts do their job." And he argued that he was denied police protection in an effort to stop him leaving: "This, at the heart of it, is a family dispute. And it makes me really, really sad that we're sitting here today, five years later, where a decision that was made most likely, in fact I know, to keep us under the roof." From this perspective, it might be argued that improving relations with Charles could give rise to a softening of the hard line stance at the Home Office, though that would fly in the face of the sworn testimony of officials during Harry's lawsuits. Whatever the cause, the stakes are high for Harry who believes it is not safe for him to bring Meghan and his children, Prince Archie and Princess Lilibet, back to Britain without police protection. Do you have a question about King Charles III and Queen Camilla, Prince William and Princess Kate, Meghan Markle and Prince Harry, or their family that you would like our experienced royal correspondents to answer?

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/ncaa/joel-klatt-calls-out-marcus-freeman-notre-dame-for-skipping-bowl-game-11181564
Article: Read more: Urban Meyer Has Strong Message for Notre Dame’s Marcus Freeman on NFL With a 10-2 record, the Fighting Irish didn't make the CFP for a chance at returning to the national championship game. However, he said, "They're mad about [the snub], so they're gonna take their ball and go home." “This feels a little bit petty, to be honest with you,” Klatt said, adding, “They’re mad at the weekly ranking show, so they’re like, ‘Well, we’re not gonna go play a bowl game on that network.’” He called the decision to avoid participation in a college bowl game "not in their character" and suggested he shouldn't have asked players what they wanted to do, since they seemed to react emotionally to the CFP snub. “Don’t artificially end your season,” Klatt said regarding the decision, adding, “There are players on that roster that will never play football again… You’ll regret this.” Klatt said he didn’t want the players to regret making this decision, because he believes a lot of athletes out there would look back and say they’d love “to play one more time” with their team if they had that chance. “Throwing 15 practices to the wind makes no sense.” He called Freeman an “incredible football coach” and “leader of men” who put together “one of the best recruiting classes” Notre Dame has had in a while. Klatt said the team will remain good next season, and as long as Freeman is the coach, it should still be good, but he feels a regrettable decision was made that isn't in the team's character.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/japan-accelerates-f35-base-building-amid-china-military-threat-11178727
Article: China's People's Liberation Army is pushing up against the First Island Chain, a string of islands the Pentagon views as key to containing its East Asian rival in the event of a conflict. Japan's Defense Ministry has dubbed China its "greatest strategic challenge." Tokyo has vowed to ramp up defense spending to grow its role in the U.S.-led defense network, and the work at Mageshima is but one node in a years-long effort by Japan to bolster its military presence in its far-west islands, including those closest to China-claimed Taiwan, a possible flashpoint. By the start of the next decade, it is to serve as the main flight operations training center for F-35Bs, the short takeoff and vertical landing variant of the Lockheed Martin stealth jet flown by the U.S. Mageshima is located in the narrow Osumi Strait, one of the few waterways used by the Chinese navy to gain access to the Philippine Sea and the wider Pacific Ocean. Last week, China's state broadcaster CCTV released a special report highlighting the pace of Japan's rearmament campaign, aired amid an ongoing diplomatic spat between the two governments over recent comments by Prime Minister Sanae Takaichi. A report published on Sunday by the Chinese state-run tabloid Global Times said the construction on Mageshima had "accelerated markedly." "At present, major military facilities—including a 2,000-meter (6,560-foot) runway, ammunition depots, fuel infrastructure such as storage tanks, and a temporary pier capable of accommodating large warships—have already taken shape," the newspaper cited unnamed analysts as saying. The number of workers involved in construction, now in its third year, surpassed 6,000 in October for the first time—1,000 more than in December 2024, according to Japan's TBS News. carrier-based fighter jets previously conducted takeoff and landing drills at the Atsugi Naval Air Facility near Tokyo, but the site was moved more than 700 miles south to Iwo To Island in the 1990s due to noise complaints. Song Zhongping, a Chinese military affairs expert, told the Global Times that the base could serve not only as a training facility for pilots but also as part of Japan’s preparations for "military expansion." He also observed Mageshima’s strategic proximity to the Ryukyu Islands. Chinese officials and state-linked commentators have launched a sustained campaign of condemnation, demanding that she retract the statement and accusing Japan of reviving the militaristic adventurism of the 1930s and 1940s. What People Are Saying Mao Ning, Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesperson, said during the ministry's November 21 press conference: "In recent years, Japan has kept easing the restrictions and seeking military buildup...If Japan seeks to go back to the path of militarism, violate its commitment to peaceful development and disrupt the postwar international order, the Chinese people will not allow it, and the international community will not allow it." Japan's Defense Ministry previously said of the Mageshima base: "It will hold great significance for Japan’s peace and security. In the event of a large-scale disaster, rescue operations in the region could also be conducted more effectively." What Happens Next The Mageshima base is slated for completion in March 2030.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/mlb/mets-identify-michael-king-as-top-pitching-target-report-11181480
Article: With a plethora of options available in free agency and the trade market, David Stearns has a lot of different ways to go about reconstructing the rotation for Carlos Mendoza. "According to sources, Mets president of baseball operations David Stearns is hesitant to sign a starting pitcher to a long-term deal of five or more years, which could take New York out of the mix for other top starters such as Framber Valdez, Ranger Suárez and Tatsuya Imai." Based on what Feinsand is being told, this means the Mets were never really interested in signing Dylan Cease. The 30-year-old right hander has been projected to sign a $75 million contract this offseason, and it appears he would receive that over the course of 3-4 years in Queens.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/ncaa/lane-kiffin-sends-4-word-message-to-ole-miss-before-college-football-playoff-11181385
Article: Over the last two weeks, much of the college football conversation has centered on Lane Kiffin, who left his 11-1 Ole Miss Rebels team—on its way to the College Football Playoff—to accept the head coaching position at LSU. Kiffin agreed to a seven-year, $91 million contract, which includes a stipulation that would make him the highest-paid coach in the sport if he leads LSU to a national championship. Some speculate Kiffin permitted the move because of his championship bonus, but regardless, it’s a positive development for the Rebels as they aim to cap off their best season in program history with a gold trophy. More news: Ohio State’s Ryan Day Sends Warning Ahead of College Football Playoff More news: Nick Saban Has Strong Reaction to Notre Dame’s College Football Playoff Snub Shortly after ESPN’s Pete Thamel reported the news, Kiffin retweeted the post with a four-word message of support for his former team—a team he has continued to vocally back since his departure.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/nasa-tracking-plane-sized-asteroid-approaching-earth-2-11180897
Article: For comparison, the average distance from Earth to the moon is about 239,000 miles (385,000 kilometers), meaning 2025 XM’s approach will take it to just over 1.2 times the lunar distance.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/wrestling/charlotte-flair-has-already-decided-when-shell-retire-from-wwe-11181488
Article: During the conversation, Flair revealed that she has a specific monetary goal in mind—what she refers to as her "F U number"—that she wants to achieve before stepping away from the ring for good. I like to work, I like to be doing things, but if I needed an FU number, if I don’t want to do anything, I could just live off this number,” Flair said. While she remains a top star on "SmackDown" and recently competed in "WarGames" alongside Alexa Bliss, her comments suggest that the final chapter of her legendary career may be approaching sooner rather than later.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/crime/dallas-texas-5-people-shot-1-killed-4-injured/287-90578fe2-75b2-4355-bc82-63383f1e0af1
Article: DALLAS — One person was fatally shot and four people, including the shooter, were injured after a fight broke out at a baby shower in southern Dallas, according to an arrest affidavit released by the Dallas Police Department. Witnesses told police they attempted to break up the fight by pushing Torres out the front door of the building, but when they turned back inside, Torres pulled a gun from his pocket and started shooting, the affidavit alleges. "The first couple actually sounded like a firecracker, but when the fourth one went off, I knew it wasn't a drill," Brandon Morgan, who works at GoPuff Micro Fulfillment Center, said.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/nation-world/gamestop-trade-anything-day-results/507-30cd0599-2c43-4724-a3f7-d8d0f4502877
Article: GameStop said the most memorable trades were: A bobcat A goose A tiny Jesus A full creepy doll collection Air Jordans A speed limit sign Friends DVD set Bowling ball A “happy heater.” A framed dog portrait A literal can of whoop-ass A Wii Netflix disc Non-alcoholic cider donated to store employees How much store credit did customers get?

Link: https://abc30.com/post/royal-caribbean-sued-riverside-county-fathers-death-cruise/18267741/
Article: Family sues Royal Caribbean over death of father on cruise The family of a Southern California father is suing Royal Caribbean Cruises, alleging the crew made several negligent decisions that contributed to his death on board. The wrongful death lawsuit filed this week stems from the death of 35-year-old Michael Virgil, who was a passenger on a cruise from San Pedro to Ensenada in December 2024. "We're not going to sit here and say it's good behavior, but that's not who he was as a person." "He was a loving father, they believed that he was a 'gentle giant.' So that's what alcohol does to you. So I can't sit here and say that his family is excited about the way he was behaving but let me put it his way: it doesn't deserve a death sentence." The lawsuit states that Virgil was also pepper-sprayed and injected with a sedative while he was being subdued.

Link: https://abc13.com/post/chevron-houston-marathon-opens-second-round-registrations/16666317/
Article: Chevron Houston Marathon and Aramco Houston Half Marathon races sold out for 2026 If you are considering running in the 2026 Chevron Houston Marathon or the Aramco Houston Half Marathon, the second round of registration is now open. HOUSTON, Texas (KTRK) -- If you were considering running in the 2026 Chevron Houston Marathon or the Aramco Houston Half Marathon, and hadn't signed up yet, you'll have to wait until 2027. The demand was so high for the 2026 race, registration reopened on June 4, which also coincided with Global Running Day, a day for runners to celebrate their passion for the sport and inspire others to get moving.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/nation/cnn-and-fellow-cable-networks-are-in-limbo-amid-takeover-bids-of-warner-bros-discovery
Article: There was some relief at CNN with last Friday’s announcement that Netflix was buying Warner’s studio and streaming businesses, since the cable network would not be a part of that deal. But that quickly changed on Monday with Paramount’s announced bid, which includes the cable assets that Netflix doesn’t want and, if successful, opens the possibility of a combined CNN and CBS News. The management uncertainty adds to what is already a challenging time at CNN, where there was no doubt who was in charge before swashbuckling founder Ted Turner sold his company in 1996. The dueling bids between Paramount and Netflix now “lead to more uncertainty and greater anxiety among the current CNN staff and among those of us who served for many years as leaders of CNN under Ted,” said Tom Johnson, former CNN president in the 1990s. means for one of Hollywood’s oldest studios Paramount’s bid, which must be approved by shareholders and regulators, could be seen favorably by President Donald Trump, who is closely allied with Paramount Skydance chairman and CEO David Ellison as well as his father, Oracle founder Larry Ellison. Its CEO, Mark Thompson, has aggressively moved into digital with a new subscription service and said that management of Discovery Global, the spinoff company, has already approved a 2026 budget investing in the plan. Since Paramount’s takeover of CBS News this past summer, the network has taken steps to appeal to more conservative viewers with the installation of Free Press founder Bari Weiss as editor-in-chief. WATCH: What Paramount’s shake-up of CBS News leadership means for the media landscape During an appearance on CNBC Monday, Ellison answered, “yeah,” when asked if he would combine CNN’s newsgathering operation with CBS News. “We want to build a scaled news service that is basically, fundamentally, in the trust business, that is in the truth business, and that speaks to the 70% of Americans that are in the middle,” Ellison said. “I so hope that the new CNN owners will see that as their fundamental mission.” If Netflix eventually wins, emarketer.com’s Benes predicted it would be likely that the spinoff company, Discovery Global, would be shopped around to other buyers.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/nation/fourth-times-a-charm-shohei-ohtani-is-the-aps-male-athlete-of-the-year-again
Article: The baseball superstar ends 2025 by winning The Associated Press Male Athlete of the Year for the fourth time, tying him with Lance Armstrong, LeBron James and Tiger Woods for most among male honorees. READ MORE: Ohtani is unanimous MVP for 4th time in winning NL honor as Judge edges Raleigh for 3rd AL accolade “Receiving this award multiple times is something truly special,” Ohtani said in Japanese in an exclusive interview with the AP. Ohtani received 29 of 47 votes in balloting among sports journalists from the AP and its members after his two-way dominance culminated in a repeat World Series title for his Los Angeles Dodgers – delivering perhaps the greatest single-game individual performance in sports history along the way. Swedish-American pole vaulter Armand Duplantis, who won his third consecutive world title and has set the world record 14 times, including four times in 2025, was second with five votes in balloting announced Tuesday. In Game 4 of the National League Championship Series against the Milwaukee Brewers, he pitched six scoreless innings with 10 strikeouts and hit three home runs to earn MVP honors. “Well, yes, there are times when I feel that way about myself, and of course there are times when I think I’m not good enough,” he said, “so I suppose athletes experience both kinds of feelings.” Another year, another championship for Ohtani and the Dodgers Ohtani showed he’s human in Game 7 of the World Series. “Shohei obviously has the weight of the world on his shoulders as far as expectations, being probably the face of baseball, certainly when you’re talking about the world,” Dodgers manager Dave Roberts said after Game 7. Game 7 of this World Series averaged 13.1 million viewers in Japan, the most-watched World Series game on a single network there ever, and 51 million watched worldwide to make it the most-viewed since Game 7 of the 1991 World Series. So, setting goals high is what I believe is most important.” The Dodgers carefully managed Ohtani’s return to pitching this year by gradually increasing his workload after rehabbing from elbow surgery in September 2023. So, in my mind, I feel that being a pitcher is truly a special role.” At 31, Ohtani has undergone three major surgeries: two on his right elbow and another on his left shoulder. “I’ve been given permission to play in the tournament, but as for how much and in what way, including on the batting side, that’s something we’ll be discussing.” Winning a third consecutive World Series championship is among Ohtani’s biggest goals in 2026. “Whether it’s with fans or in different situations, being able to speak directly in English might help bridge the gap between us.” In the meantime, he’ll keep letting his bat and arm speak volumes.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/trump-speak-pennsylvania-start-selling-economic-agenda-ahead/story?id=128235129
Article: Trump to speak in Pennsylvania to start selling his economic agenda ahead of midterm elections President Donald Trump participates in a roundtable discussion with farmers in the Cabinet Room of the White House, December 8, 2025 in Washington. Amid criticism that he's been focused heavily on foreign policy rather than an "America First" agenda, President Donald Trump will kick off what will be a year focused on domestic travel and touting his economic agenda with a speech in the battleground state of Pennsylvania on Tuesday, a White House official confirmed to ABC News. "The president will be traveling to Pennsylvania to discuss how he and the Administration continue to focus on delivering on his Day 1 priority of ending Joe Biden’s inflation crisis," the White House official said in an email to ABC News. Trump may also hold another event similar to what is planned for Pennsylvania later this month and additional events are expected after New Year's Day, the White House official said. Yuri Gripas/EPA/Shutterstock Trump defended his economic agenda in an interview with Politico published on Tuesday morning, touting the revenue his global tariffs have generated while saying he would consider more carve-outs for goods impacted by the levies that Americans find too expensive. Although Trump has extolled his economic plans, a recent Gallup poll found that only 36% of Americans approve of his handling of the economy, while 62% disapprove and 2% have no opinion. And it's clear that the Trump administration is feeling pressure to address concerns about the cost of living following November's elections, which saw voters across New Jersey, Virginia and New York City push back against the president's agenda. In the weeks that followed, the Trump administration made shifts in its economic plans, including rolling back tariffs on some food imports in an attempt to lower grocery prices, and floating the idea of a 50-year mortgage. White House press secretary Karoline Leavitt told Fox News on Tuesday morning that Trump is "going to give a positive, economic-focused speech" in Pennsylvania and called on Republicans to "be more vocal about touting the accomplishments of this administration." White House chief of staff Susie Wiles said Trump will campaign for Republican candidates in the midterms "like it's 2024 again." "The president started raising money for the midterms the day after the election, and he's sitting on a huge war chest to help these people. And he'll use it, and he'll use himself, and he'll use his money that he's raised, probably his money too, and, and, and nobody can outwork him, so there's every reason to be confident, but we have to actually get it done," Wiles said on "The Mom View" podcast on Monday.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/09/stocks-making-the-biggest-moves-midday-xom-staa-cvs-azo-ares.html
Article: Exxon said it now expects $25 billion in earnings growth and $35 billion in cash flow growth between 2024 and 2030, an increase on both measures compared with previous forecasts. "As we look out to 2026, the environment will no doubt still be difficult but believe numbers/expectations are appropriately low, and the setup is favorable to get back on track," analyst Nik Modi wrote. "We still view long-term PLUS origination & fee-based private credit opportunity as attractive, but step to the sidelines as potential for higher expenses, lack of clarity around forward EPS drives near-term execution risk," wrote Morgan Stanley, which downgraded the stock to equal weight from overweight. Intersurgical will buy Teleflex's acute care and interventional urology units for $530 million and private equity firms Montagu and Kohlberg will buy an original equipment manufacturer business for $1.5 billion. CVS — The drugstore giant saw shares rise more than 2% after the company provided 2026 profit guidance that came above Wall Street estimates and this year's projected earnings, marking a sign of steady progress in its turnaround plan.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/09/nvidia-gets-the-ok-from-trump-to-sell-chips-to-china-is-it-a-reason-to-buy-the-stock.html
Article: President Donald Trump's green light for Nvidia to sell certain chips in China still has many details to be worked out — including whether China itself will allow it — and that's why the stock's reaction to the long-sought-after blessing was muted on Tuesday. Nvidia got the okay from Trump in a Truth Social post on Monday that said the chipmaker can ship its H200 artificial intelligence chips to "approved customers" in China, with the caveat that the U.S. Bernstein senior analyst Stacy Rasgon on Tuesday pointed out that a bipartisan Senate bill was introduced just last week to deny export licenses for the H200 and Blackwell chips for the next 30 months. China may also refuse to buy the H200 chips as it had the lower quality H20 chips, though analysts expect that hardline stance was in part a bartering chip by Beijing for the better H200 chips. "We expect the localization trend is unlikely to slow down despite the availability of NVDA H200, but given the high demand for AI compute, we believe that both solutions are likely to co-exist for some period of time," Hariharan added. Deutsche Bank Research's Ross Seymore pointed out that the CEO Jensen Huang has highlighted a roughly $50 billion in potential annual revenue contribution from China AI demand as a whole.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/09/theres-no-dow-or-sp-500-for-cryptocurrencies-yet-bitwise-is-getting-a-step-closer-with-new-etf.html
Article: A new exchange-traded fund from Bitwise that began trading Tuesday will give retail investors and financial advisors access to a broad range of cryptocurrencies in one shot, as opposed to the ETFs so far that have mostly just tracked just one or two cryptocurrencies. The Bitwise 10 Crypto Index ETF (BITW) holds the following 10 digital assets: Bitcoin , ether , XRP , Solana , Chainlink , Litecoin , Cardano , Avalanche, Sui and Polkadot. "This really meaningfully expands the audience that can access exposure to these different assets, [and] of course, for assets that don't have spot ETF, all the more," Horsley said Monday. The fund offers exposure to crypto-assets for financial advisors as well as other smaller investors who are using funds from an IRA or retirement account "where their only choice is to use ETFs," said the CEO. Along with broader permissions to trade and hold, ETFs offer other advantages over funds that may make them more attractive to some investors, including increased trading flexibility and tax efficiency, as well as lower fees. Since then, asset managers have jockeyed for approvals to launch ETFs tracking a wider range of digital assets, from altcoins like sui and aptos to memecoins such as official Trump and dogecoin. The ETF launches amid a series of recent pullbacks in the crypto market that saw bitcoin trade as low as $85,000 earlier this month, more than 30% off its record high of just north of $126,000 hit in October. On the flipside, as the cryptocurrency market matures and the coins began trading more on their own merits, an ETF like this offers the potential for diversification, like a broad index fund such as the S&P 500 does with equities. "It's the perfect time for a lot of investors who've now been paying attention since the launch of the Bitcoin ETF, but want a more comprehensive solution to allocating to digital assets than having to pick specific assets and size a bunch of different exposures," said Horsley.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/09/fda-merck-screwworm-treatment-cattle-herd-decline.html
Article: Cattle detained in the pens of the Chihuahua Regional Livestock Union , at the Jeronimo-Santa Teresa border crossing in Ciudad Juarez, Mexico on November 27, 2024, after the United States stopped imports of Mexican cattle due to the presence of screwworm. "The conversation started in July with the FDA, and because there is an element of human food safety, there was a big data package we had to generate," said Holger Lehmann, vice president of pharmaceutical research and development for Merck Animal Health.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/09/cramer-i-may-need-to-reevaluate-costco-plus-a-good-sign-for-linde.html
Article: Meanwhile, our "own it, don't trade it" name, Nvidia , is in the headlines again after President Donald Trump confirmed he will allow the company to sell its more advanced H200 chips to approved customers in China, provided the U.S. Shares of chemical company Linde climbed 1% Tuesday following news that CEO Sanjiv Lamba bought 2,520 shares of Linde at roughly $396 per share, roughly $1 million worth, according to a recent SEC filing. Despite the very disappointing performance over the past few months, this insider buying could be "a sign that the stock price action might be wrong and the business is actually holding up better than the market thinks," said portfolio director Jeff Marks. We would like to see a signal from management that proves this decline isn't a new normal when Costco reports its first quarter of fiscal 2026 on Thursday after the bell. See here for a full list of the stocks.) As a subscriber to the CNBC Investing Club with Jim Cramer, you will receive a trade alert before Jim makes a trade.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/sports/liveblog/2025/12/9/live-inter-milan-vs-liverpool-uefa-champions-league?traffic_source=rss
Article: blinking-dot Live Match Live Match, LIVE: Inter Milan vs Liverpool – UEFA Champions League Follow the build-up, analysis and live text commentary as Inter host Liverpool for league-phase game at the San Siro.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/9/uks-mi5-protected-ira-agent-who-committed-murders-police-report-finds?traffic_source=rss
Article: The findings are from Operation Kenova, a nearly decade-long police probe into “Stakeknife” – the codename for a senior IRA figure who also worked as an informant for British security services. He operated during The Troubles, the conflict in Northern Ireland between Irish republicans seeking a united Ireland and British forces and unionist paramilitaries who wanted to remain in the UK. Operation Kenova also criticised MI5 for delaying the release of key documents, saying several incidents could be seen as attempts to “restrict the investigation, run down the clock, avoid any prosecutions … and conceal the truth”.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/features/longform/2025/12/9/they-broke-his-neck-families-of-syrias-disappeared-still-seek-closure?traffic_source=rss
Article: Over 13 years of war, which killed more than half a million people and displaced half the country, the regime and its allies disappeared between 120,000 and 300,000 people, according to the government's National Commission for the Missing. Officials and humanitarian workers say that without DNA laboratories, forensic specialists, or a functioning identification system, the bones can only be stored, even when families are sure they know who they are. On November 5, the National Commission for the Missing signed a cooperation agreement with the International Commission on Missing Persons (ICMP), the Independent Institution on Missing Persons in Syria (IIMP), and the International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC). Before anyone can be identified, the state must gather what already exists – detention registers, civil documents, military files, and lists held by opposition groups and by survivor associations like the Caesar Families, Families for Freedom and the Sednaya Association.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/h-1b-visa-update-appointments-canceled-india-11179395
Article: State Department has temporarily canceled a number of H-1B visa appointments in India, citing “operational constraints” and the rollout of a new social media review for applicants, according to several immigration attorneys. She cited a case of a visa applicant who completed her biometric appointment, but received an email notifying her that her December 15 interview had been rescheduled for March 10, 2026. Mission in India has notified visa applicants that anyone who receives an official email indicating their visa appointment has been rescheduled should plan to appear only on the new date. "It's a big time of year for travel for Indian visa applicants, and people schedule these appointments months in advance to ensure that they can do see their families," Hollis told Newsweek. President Donald Trump's administration is pursuing additional changes, placing a $100,000 fee on new applications, a measure that has raised concerns among attorneys and applicants over how it would be implemented and paid. This time, they're adding similar requirements to Indian visa applicants at a time when many people travel home for the holidays." He added: "I don't think that the consulates necessarily are trying to harm visa applicants, but I do think it's an added bonus for the administration in rolling out these changes to the vetting process when they did." The U.S. Therefore, we recommend that you attend your interview on the new appointment date to avoid the need to reschedule." What Happens Next Applicants affected by the rescheduling are advised to log in to their accounts on the Visa Application website to view and print their new appointment letters.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/former-faa-official-why-tariff-free-aerospace-trade-matters-for-america-opinion-11182189
Article: As President Donald Trump advances the next round of bilateral trade negotiations, he has a rare opportunity to secure the policy environment that made American aerospace the global gold standard.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nba/former-bulls-star-horace-grant-takes-firm-stance-on-rooting-for-nba-nephew-11178101
Article: All-Star Chicago Bulls power forward Horace Grant, one of the great players in that franchise's storied history, reigned as one of the most physical defense-first big men during his era. The 6-foot-10 Clemson alum logged 17 seasons in the league — seven of them with Chicago, including three straight championships from 1991-93 — during a hard-fought era that predated handcheck fouls. Now back with the Bulls as a special advisor to COO and president Michael Reinsdorf, the four-time All-Defensive Teamer has no question about his allegiance when he watches his NBA nephew Jerami, currently a 3-and-D combo forward with the Portland Trail Blazers, play Chicago. Across 23 contests for the Trail Blazers so far, Jerami Grant has been averaging 19.5 points on .438/.394/.857 shooting splits, 3.8 boards, 2.7 dimes, 0.8 swipes and 0.6 rejections a night. 39 pick in the 2014 NBA Draft out of Syracuse by the Philadelphia 76ers, and also suited up for the Oklahoma City Thunder, Denver Nuggets, and Detroit Pistons prior to joining Portland. If you ask him the same thing, he would say, 'I want my uncle to have such a great game, but I want the Trail Blazers to win.' So yeah, he can have a great game." That familial competitiveness stretches as far back as Horace and Harvey Grant's youth in Sparta, Georgia. Now 31, Jerami Grant has effectively become Portland's de facto "old head" in the frontcourt, guiding standout forwards Deni Avdija and Toumani Camara to glory as a high-scoring sixth man. Although Horace Grant had the requisite footspeed necessary to cover opposing wings along the arc or even across a fullcourt press when needed, his prime terrain was the post — which he manned with lethal tenacity. During Horace's era, the 3-point shot was far less a point of emphasis than it is now, especially for big men, which is in part why his shot diet was more focused on converting from the interior than Jerami's, and why he patrolled the paint defensively more often than not. And if I was lucky enough back in the day to shoot 3's when we were allowed to shoot 3's as forwards, I'd say my nephew resembles Horace Grant back in the day." "He's not as tough as I am, but the basketball style" is similar, Horace chuckles. With the Bulls, Horace did his darnedest to limit the output of rival frontcourt All-Stars like his former Bulls-mentor-turned-New York Knicks nemesis Charles Oakley, Pistons big man Bill Laimbeer, Phoenix Suns MVP Charles Barkley, and Utah Jazz All-NBA superstar Karl Malone. 22, the Bulls named the elder Grant to its second-ever Ring of Honor class, alongside fellow Bulls standout players John Paxson, Bill Cartwright and Norm Van Lier, former Chicago assistant coach Johnny Bach, and former radio and TV Bulls play-by-play commentator Neil Funk. Secondly, just reminiscing with guys like Pax and Bill and Neil Funk and the late great Johnny Bach — with his family there," Grant notes of the Ring of Honor festivities. "And plus, all the fans there." As Jerami Grant gears up for, hopefully, a deep postseason run with the Trail Blazers in 2026, his uncle is working on his own exciting enterprise: a brand-new television show, Legends In Session, via Urban Grind TV. Everyone who knows me knows that I'm a no-nonsense type of guy, I wear my heart on my sleeve and just have a story to tell," Grant says of the show. "This TV series is just going to be my journey from my adolescence and my growth [in] college, 17 years in the NBA, and my guests are going to do the same. Of course we're going to talk about '80s and '90s basketball compared to basketball now and things of that nature." Pippen, Harvey Grant, Hall of Fame point guard Gary Payton, All-Stars Charles Oakley, BJ Armstrong and Penny Hardaway, champion Bulls reserve center/power forward-turned-CHSN game analyst Stacey King and two-time champion Vernon Maxwell have already been confirmed as guests for Legends In Session's debut season. "I already know all these guys, but I want them to share it with the public, with the fans, about their growth from childhood, adolescence, college, what were their keys to success, and what are they doing now since us old heads have retired?" Horace Grant acolytes can stay tuned to the upcoming show's official website and Instagram for further details as its projected mid-2026 launch approaches. Each guest is going to go to the Legends In Session Hall of Fame, and we're going to sign memorabilia, and that memorabilia is going to be auctioned off to their choice of charity, so it's just a way of giving back." More news: Bulls Predicted to Cut Ties with $60 Million All-Star By Next Season For all the latest NBA news and rumors, head over to Newsweek Sports.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/woman-visits-shelter-cant-believe-the-breed-she-finds-with-no-microchip-11176385
Article: Maria, who is known on Instagram as @furry_friends_85, visited the Merced County Animal Services in California when she saw the corgi that arrived with no name, no tag and no microchip. "They get a lot of purebred dogs and wonderful mutts too." The most common dog breed you'll see at shelters is pit bulls, largely due to the breed's negative stereotype, an article from Adopt a Pet stated. Viewer Reactions In five days, the Instagram post reached over 215,000 views, 13,100 likes and 366 comments, with people feeling as confused as Maria about the corgi at the shelter.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/gen-x-woman-spots-thing-stranger-things-gets-wrong-1980s-11181243
Article: One such example came courtesy of Jennifer Hill, from Vancouver, Canada, who took to Threads, posting under the handle @jenhill, to point out the "only thing Stranger Things got wrong" about its depiction of life in 1980s America. A strategic communicator who works for the City of Vancouver and has over two decades of experience in complex issues around communication, community and culture, Hill has been a big fan of Stranger Things from the start. Each episode feels a bit like flipping through an old family photo album." Hill’s formative years came in the 1980s and, watching the show, she felt all the old memories from that time come flooding back. "The 1980s was a wild time"; she said, "being out on our bikes all day and night, untethered to our homes or parents; problem-solving our issues on our own; wearing whatever hand-me-downs our parents found at Zellers or Sears. The kids' early-season outfits were right out of my brother’s closet." Yet, while Hill said she thinks Stranger Things creators, the Duffer Brothers, have done a "fantastic" job of capturing the nostalgia of the time in a way that appeals to young and old audiences alike, some elements of that period have gone a little overlooked. "Of course, the 80s had so much cultural zeitgeist that no single show could capture all of it; kids going missing and their faces on milk cartons; the Cold War; the constant low-grade fear of nuclear attack; the bizarre supermarket tabloids. Some of the nuances of being a girl in the 80s get missed." That was what led Hill to take to Threads with a hot take that drew widespread agreement and knowing laughs. I’m just going to believe that was the name of half the girls in the background in every season." Hill stands by her assertion about the lack of Jennifers on the show. According to Social Security Number statistics, the most-reliable metric for names, Jennifer was the second-most-popular girl’s name throughout the entirety of the 1980s; 440,916 women were given that name across the decade. I definitely did not expect the reaction it got." She puts the post’s popularity down to the fact Jennifers have become something of a "dying breed" after spending so long as one of the most-popular girl’s names. "So, being forgotten by a show that gets so much of the 80s right feels strangely personal." With a few episodes still left to air in 2025, it is not beyond the realm of possibility that a Jennifer pops up at some point soon.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/wrestling/john-cena-reveals-when-wwe-retirement-talk-started-11181920
Article: Cena has earned the reputation of being a legend in the wrestling business, but as he nears the age of 49, the "Never Seen 17" is focusing on his successful Hollywood run. Back in 2024, Cena announced his farewell tour at "Money in the Bank." During an interview with Chris Van Vliet, Cena discussed how long he'd been thinking about retiring prior to the announcement.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/nation-world/sheinelle-jones-new-co-host-today-fourth-hour/507-1441f2c4-1f58-4600-9911-12a239452063
Article: “This marks an exciting new chapter for the fourth hour,” "Today" executive vice president Libby Leist and Jenna & Friends executive producer Talia Parkinson-Jones said in a statement to NBC News. “Jenna and Sheinelle are two extraordinary talents who have grown within the ranks of 'TODAY.' They are beloved for their authenticity, warmth and genuine connection with our 'TODAY' audience.” Jones will leave her role on the 3rd Hour of "Today," while Craig Melvin, Al Roker and Dylan Dreyer remain co-hosts of the 9 a.m. “Today, I am so thrilled to announce I have found my forever friend, and we are going to start a brand new journey in January.” Jones, who has guest co-hosted the hour previously, reacted emotionally on air. The move comes after a difficult year for Jones, who took a temporary leave from "Today" earlier this year following the death of her husband, Uche Ojeh, in May after a battle with brain cancer.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/traffic/dart-service-downtown-dallas-paused-safety-maintenance-overnight/287-ae064502-3e0e-4600-9c1e-ec3a30220b1b
Article: While service is paused, trains will run as follows, according to DART: Red Line trains will run between Parker Road and SMU/Mockingbird and between EBJ Union and Westmoreland stations Blue Line trains will run between Downtown Rowlett and SMU/Mockingbird and between EBJ Union and UNT Dallas stations Green Line trains will run between Baylor and Buckner and between Victory and North Carrollton/Frankford stations Orange Line trains will run between Victory and DFW Airport stations For access to Parker Road, transfer to a Red Line train at SMU/Mockingbird Silver Line trains are not impacted Shuttle buses will be available every 20 minutes on the following routes, DART said. For Green Line passengers, transfer to a shuttle bus at Victory or Baylor Station for stops at: Victory, West End, Pearl/Arts District, Deep Ellum and Baylor stations For Red, Blue and Orange Line passengers, transfer to a shuttle bus at EBJ Union or SMU/Mockingbird Station for stops at: EBJ Union, West End, Akard, St.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c3e07kxey74o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Member of UK Armed Forces dies in accident in Ukraine A member of the UK armed forces has died in an accident in Ukraine on Tuesday morning, the Ministry of Defence (MoD) has announced.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/cycling/articles/c3e072978d0o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: "I'm very motivated, very excited, and eager to share this new chapter." Iniesta, who scored the winning goal in the 2010 World Cup and won two European Championships, before retiring last year, formed Never Say Never - a sports and entertainment management company - with businessman Joel Borras in 2018. As a statement of intent, NSN last week signed one of the hottest talents on road cycling's UCI World Tour in Eritrea's Biniam Girmay, who won the Tour de France's prestigious green jersey in 2024. "The goal for the team is simple: keep growing, enjoy the journey, and show what a united team can achieve – because, in the end, only one rider wins, but the collective effort is what will define us." NSN are expected to contest cycling's biggest races - including the Tour de France - next year after acquiring a World Tour licence as part of the deal to take over Israel Premier Tech, who were set to return to the World Tour next season.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/politics/supreme-court-declines-to-hear-appeal-on-texas-book-ban-case-that-allows-officials-to-remove-objectionable-books-from-libraries
Article: The case stemmed from a 2022 lawsuit by a group of residents in rural Llano County over the removal from the public library of more than a dozen books dealing with sex, race and gender themes, as well as humorously touching on topics such as flatulence. WATCH: The fight against book bans by public school librarians shown in new documentary A lower federal appeals court had ruled that removing the books did not violate Constitutional free speech protections. “Leaving the Fifth Circuit’s ruling in place erodes the most elemental principles of free speech and allows state and local governments to exert ideological control over the people with impunity. Sam Helmick, president of the American Library Association, said the Supreme Court’s decision not to consider the case “threatens to transform government libraries into centers for indoctrination instead of protecting them as centers of open inquiry, undermining the First Amendment right to read unfettered by viewpoint-based censorship.” The Texas case began when a group of residents asked the county library commission to remove the group of books from circulation. The book titles originally ordered removed included, “Caste: The Origins of Our Discontent” by Isabel Wilkerson; “They Called Themselves the K.K.K: The Birth of an American Terrorist Group,” by Susan Campbell Bartoletti; “In the Night Kitchen” by Maurice Sendak; “It’s Perfectly Normal: Changing Bodies, Growing Up, Sex and Sexual Health” by Robie H.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/politics/indiana-senate-committee-advance-redistricting-proposal-backed-by-trump-toward-final-floor-vote
Article: State senators in Indiana advanced a proposal to redraw the state’s congressional boundaries Monday, although it is not clear if it has the support to become law in a final vote expected later this week even after months of pressure from President Donald Trump . “I fear for all states if we allow intimidation and threats to become the norm.” The map, introduced just last Monday and passed by the Republican supermajority in the state House on Friday, would split the city of Indianapolis into four districts distributed across other Republican-leaning areas. Republicans in favor of making it easier for Republicans to capture all nine of Indiana’s seats through gerrymandering often point to Massachusetts, where Democrats hold all nine seats, or Connecticut, where they hold all five. A few of the Republican senators who voted to move the legislation forward Monday said it deserved to be debated by the full Senate, but indicated they may vote against it’s final passage. READ MORE: Republican Indiana state lawmaker who opposed Trump’s redistricting push is victim of a swatting After Senate leader Rodric Bray said the chamber would reject the governor’s call for a special session on redistricting last month, Trump attacked Bray and other senators on social media and vowed to endorse primary challengers against any lawmaker who opposes redrawing the map. A judge ruled in November that a map advanced by state lawmakers earlier this year “unduly favors Republicans and disfavors Democrats.” The judge imposed an alternative map that would keep Democratic-leaning Salt Lake County almost entirely within one district rather than split between the four Republican-leaning districts.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/09/vietnam-stock-market-is-booming-in-2025-why-this-may-just-be-the-beginning.html
Article: VNM's year-to-date gain is more than double the approximately 30% jump posted by the iShares MSCI Emerging Markets ETF (EEM) – a fund that tracks large- and mid-cap emerging market equities. "There's so much more in emerging markets than China," she continued, deeming Vietnam a "shining, up-and-coming superstar." VNM YTD mountain VNM, year-to-date A recovering market Vietnam regained its footing after suffering big losses in 2022 and now trades well above pre-pandemic levels. It's really growing on its own merit by its own investor base." Sentiment was strengthened after FTSE Russell announced in October that it will upgrade Vietnam to a secondary emerging market from frontier market status, effective Sept. The more critical challenge, however, lies in securing and consolidating this position over the long term." To maintain that status, Nguyen thinks more comprehensive reforms must be made to "further deepen, modernize, and enhance the resilience of the capital markets." That includes improving accessibility for foreign investors and sector diversification as well as seeing more high-quality initial public offerings. Although Vietnam's domestic index performance this year already makes it a top performer, its run-up has been "narrow," Nguyen said, as it has been spurred mostly by the real estate sector. Enacted by the country's ruling Communist Party in May, the policy focuses on bolstering the private sector by providing incentives to companies such as reduced bureaucratic hurdles and better access to things like capital. On top of that, the government is working on amending the country's Land Law — which went into effect in 2024 — to streamline land acquisition for investors and ultimately facilitate real estate and infrastructure projects, especially those that may have stalled. "Now, they're at this new stage in their development, and I think [Vietnam's Communist Party general secretary, To Lam] has laid out a program to try to take them to the next level." That seems to be paying off, as foreign investors have been pouring money into Vietnam. Disbursed foreign direct investment during the first 10 months of the year was $21.3 billion, the highest level the country has recorded for the January-October period in the last five years, Vietnam's National Statistics Office reported. "This economy is on fire." This all wouldn't be without the strength of Vietnam's labor force, which gives it an advantage over other emerging markets, Dragon Capital's chief economist, Dang Thanh Tung, told CNBC. In terms of standout characteristics, he emphasized that the country has "a large and still relatively young working‑age population, high labor force participation and low open unemployment" with a work culture that centers around traits like a "strong willingness to work in manufacturing and services" as well as an "adaptability to new technologies and processes." Tung cited those characteristics as crucial enablers of the nation's swift integration into global production networks in various industries, including garments and electronics. "If these efforts are sustained, Vietnam's combination of demographic profile, skill development and work culture should continue to differentiate it from many peers and remain an important driver of the country's growth and attractiveness for foreign investors." Hammering away Along with progress in its stock market and economy, trade has been a focal point for Vietnam, especially in the wake of President Donald Trump 's "reciprocal" tariff rates that he first announced on April 2. "The emerging framework for a more balanced and rules‑based trade relationship with the U.S., if implemented effectively, could in time help rebuild business confidence and support higher‑quality investment flows." Vietnam was one of the first countries to reach a deal with the U.S. average tariff rate on goods from Vietnam "fares quite well with immediate neighbors and competitors." "With the current trade deal, their competitive edge actually widens relative to their immediate competition.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/edwin-diaz-leaving-mets-for-historic-dodgers-deal-report-11182086
Article: Fortunately for New York, the Mets signed Devin Williams to a three-year deal before the winter meetings because former New York closer Edwin Díaz reportedly is in agreement to join the Los Angeles Dodgers on a historic three-year, $69 million deal, according to ESPN's Jeff Passan.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/wrestling/released-wwe-star-breaks-silence-on-rumors-surrounding-departure-11182311
Article: More news: Nikki Bella Reunites With Ex-Boyfriend At WWE Raw He clarified the specific incident that likely fueled the rumors, explaining that a missed call during an unscheduled day off was blown out of proportion. “They said that would be the match, asked if I’d like it, all of that… They said, ‘We’d like you because we know you can work with Fénix, but also with Vikingo, so that Vikingo wouldn’t look too small next to Oba Femi.’ That was the event, but then everything changed… Yes, I entered Money in the Bank, and they didn’t put me in that event anymore, and I never went back to AAA,” Andrade said. Since his departure in September 2025, Andrade has returned to All Elite Wrestling (AEW) and the independent circuit, looking to rebuild his momentum outside of the WWE system once again.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/ncaa/clemson-ad-reveals-decision-on-dabo-swinneys-coaching-future-11182174
Article: The Tigers' AD said he has "full confidence" in his head coach and looks forward to working alongside Swinney for "many years ahead," via team beat reporter Chapel Fowler of The State Newspaper. More Football: Chargers’ Justin Herbert Called Out for Behavior After Win Over Eagles Swinney and his Clemson program made six consecutive College Football Playoff appearances from 2015-2021, winning national championship titles in 2016 and 2018. "Coach's ability just to connect with our players and to continue to lead and be an incredible leader and developer of men in college football going forward is unmatched, without question, and just an incredible fit here at Clemson," Neff said, via Greenville News. More Football: Sherrone Moore Reveals Michigan’s 2026 Plans for QB Bryce Underwood Clemson's Pinstripe Bowl matchup against Penn State will kickoff at noon ET from New York's Yankee Stadium on Dec.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/three-types-professional-santa-claus-revealed-father-christmas-11174644
Article: A survey of over 850 professional Santas found that anyone can take on the Christmastime role, even if they look wildly different to how Santa Claus is presented in media and thought of in the collective imagination. than previously believed, and that anyone who feels emotionally called to portray Father Christmas—regardless of how well they match the traditional image—can still become a good candidate for the role. “There are pretty strong societal expectations around what Santa looks like, but we found that most anybody can be Santa if their heart desires it,” paper author and management professor Borbala Csillag of Oregon State University said in a statement. Semi-prototypical Santas had some but not all of the stereotypical features, and some cleverly adjusted their character to explain noticeable differences to children, and thus, keep the magic of Christmas alive.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/luigi-mangione-hearing-cop-ceo-brian-thompson-killing-cowardice-11181960
Article: Luigi Mangione returned to court Tuesday as testimony continued in a critical pretrial hearing to determine whether police acting lawfully during his arrest amid a national manhunt following the murder of UnitedHealthcare CEO Brian Thompson. His attorneys are seeking to block prosecutors from using evidence seized during a search following his arrest in Altoona, Pennsylvania, on December 9, 2024—five days after Thompson, 50, was fatally shot as he attended an investor conference in Manhattan. Fox then read Mangione his Miranda rights, informed him he was being detained in connection with charges in Pennsylvania and that any other inaccurate information he provided to police could result in additional charges, CBS News reported. She said Mangione had his preliminary arraignment on charges of forgery, giving false ID to law enforcement, carrying firearms without a license and tampering with records on the same day he was arrested. The torn piece of paper mentioned Best Buy, a USB drive, a "hot meal and water bottles," as well as survival kit and an "intel check in" slated for December 9. "Ideally, to Columbus or [Cincinnati]," the note read, which also included a notation to "keep momentum, FBI slower overnight." Another note dated "12/5” served as a reminder for Mangione to buy black shorts, change his hat and to "pluck eyebrows," prosecutors allege. Other photos unsealed Tuesday included the gun allegedly used by Mangione to fatally shoot Thompson, as well a silencer and a red notebook that contained his manifesto, according to prosecutors.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/polar-vortex-florida-plunging-temperatures-11181201
Article: According to forecasts from AccuWeather, the first wave of cold began sweeping through the Midwest earlier this week, with subzero temperatures forecast for states including North Dakota, Minnesota, Iowa and Nebraska. It's not abnormal for northern Florida to see frost this time of year, National Weather Service (NWS) meteorologist Paige Klingler told Newsweek, but it is a bit cooler than average.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/new-jersey-twins-arrested-ice-dhs-trump-admin-11182193
Article: Emilio Roman-Flores and Ricardo Antonio Roman-Flores, who are twins from Abescon, are accused of threatening to shoot ICE officers "on sight" in addition to threatening to hang McLaughlin, according to a press release emailed to Newsweek by DHS Tuesday. Emilio Roman-Flores is being charged with unlawful possession of an assault weapon, possession of prohibited weapons, conspiracy terroristic threats, criminal coercion, threats, and cyber harassment while his twin, Ricardo Antonio Roman-Flores, is charged with conspiracy terroristic threats, the release said.

Link: https://abc13.com/post/recent-crime-meyerland-corner-store-refocusing-attention-life-jackson-square-apartment-complex/18267914/
Article: Second deadly shooting at Meyerland corner store sheds light on "crime magnet" apartment complex HOUSTON, Texas (KTRK) -- Houston police are looking to question three people, possibly connected to the deadly shooting of a man at a corner store over the weekend in the Meyerland area. RELATED: Teen dies after being shot in the chest when fight breaks out at SW Houston gas station, HPD says In May, a 17-year-old was injured, and an 18-year-old was killed after gunfire erupted across the street from the Life at Jackson Square Apartments.

Link: https://abc7.com/post/jeffrey-epstein-file-news-justice-department-can-unseal-ghislaine-maxwell-sex-trafficking-case-records-judge-says/18267948/
Article: DOJ can unseal Jeffrey Epstein confidant Ghislaine Maxwell sex trafficking case records, judge says Democrats on the House Oversight Committee released more than 150 still images and over a dozen short videos of the Virgin Islands estate of convicted sex offender Jeffrey Epstein. NEW YORK -- A federal judge on Tuesday granted the Justice Department's request to publicly release grand jury transcripts and other material from Ghislaine Maxwell's sex trafficking case, citing a new law that requires the government to open its files on Jeffrey Epstein and his longtime confidant, but he cautioned that people shouldn't expect to learn much new information from them. Engelmayer, who along with other judges had previously rejected Justice Department unsealing requests before the transparency law was passed, said the materials "do not identify any person other than Epstein and Maxwell as having had sexual contact with a minor." "They do not discuss or identify any client of Epstein's or Maxwell's," Engelmayer wrote. "They do not reveal any heretofore unknown means or methods of Epstein's or Maxwell's crimes." Engelmayer, in Manhattan, ruled Tuesday after the Justice Department had asked judges in the wake of the law's passage last month to lift secrecy orders in Maxwell's and Epstein's cases that had kept some records under wraps. The Republican campaigned for reelection last year on a promise to release the files, and his administration did disclose some records earlier this year - almost all of them already public - but suddenly stopped in July after promising a "truckload" more. Forced to act by the new transparency law, the Justice Department says it plans to release 18 categories of investigative materials gathered in the massive sex trafficking probe, including search warrants, financial records, notes from interviews with victims, and data from electronic devices. SEE ALSO: Grand jury transcripts from abandoned Epstein investigation in Florida can be released, judge rules The Justice Department said it was conferring with victims and their lawyers and planned to redact or black out portions of records to protect victims' identities and prevent dissemination of sexualized images. McCawley, that she "is wary of the possibility that any denial of the motions may be used by others as a pretext or excuse for continuing to withhold crucial information concerning Epstein's crimes." In August, Engelmayer and Judge Richard M.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c0q57yy0pyvo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Nigel Farage meets French far-right leader in London Just now Share Save Share Save Watch: French far-right leader tips Nigel Farage to be next UK PM Nigel Farage has met Jordan Bardella, the leader of France's far-right National Rally (NR) party, in London. But writing in 2017, he endorsed her to win that year's presidential election, praising Le Pen for reshaping the party, adding that under her leadership since 2011 it had become "about sovereignty, not race". His Brexit Party did not rule out entering the same group as the rebranded NR after the European Parliament elections in 2019, but ultimately decided not to join the group ahead of the ejection of the party's MEPs in 2020 in the wake of Brexit.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/football/articles/cx2pxk012r1o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: On that basis, Uefa has now reaffirmed that the 1 March assessment date "is the deadline by which clubs must comply with the multi-club ownership criteria" and that the CAS ruling was binding for "a strict deadline for compliance".

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/science/bundle-up-leave-the-city-and-put-away-the-phones-heres-how-to-watch-the-geminids-one-of-the-years-best-meteor-showers
Article: READ MORE: NASA releases close-up pictures of interstellar comet 3I/Atlas Skygazers could see up to 120 meteors per hour under dark skies during the peak Saturday night into Sunday’s predawn hours, according to NASA. Meteor showers appear when fast-moving space rocks hit Earth’s atmosphere and burn up, leaving behind fiery tails — the end of a “shooting star.” Stray meteors are visible from Earth on any given night, but more prominent showers happen annually when the planet passes through crowded streams of cosmic debris.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/politics/opponents-of-trump-backed-redistricting-in-missouri-submit-petition-with-thousands-of-signatures-to-force-a-public-vote
Article: (AP) — Opponents of Missouri’s new congressional map submitted thousands of petition signatures Tuesday calling for a statewide referendum on a redistricting plan backed by President Donald Trump as part of his quest to hold on to a slim Republican majority in next year’s elections. Organizers of the petition drive said they turned in more than 300,000 signatures to the secretary of state’s office — well more than the roughly 110,000 needed to suspend the new U.S. READ MORE: Indiana Senate committee advance redistricting proposal backed by Trump toward final floor vote The signatures must still be formally verified by local election authorities and Republican Secretary of State Denny Hoskins, who has argued the referendum is unconstitutional. But if the signatures hold up, the referendum could create a significant obstacle for Republicans who hope the new districts could help them win a currently Democratic-held seat in the Kansas City area in the November election. Republicans could gain one seat each under new maps passed in Missouri and North Carolina and have an improved chance at taking two additional seats under a new Ohio congressional map. Organizations supporting the Republican redistricting have attempted to pay people up to $30,000 to quit gathering petition signatures, according to a lawsuit filed by Advanced Micro Targeting Inc., a company hired by People Not Politicians. Hoskins, the secretary of state, contends he cannot legally count about 100,000 petition signatures gathered in the one-month span between legislative passage of the redistricting bill and his approval of the referendum petition’s format, but can only count those gathered after that. Hoskins also wrote a ballot summary stating the new map “repeals Missouri’s existing gerrymandered congressional plan … and better reflects statewide voting patterns.” That’s the opposite of what referendum backers contends it does, and People Not Politicians is challenging that wording in court. Although a federal judge dismissed that suit Monday, the judge noted that Hoskins has “the power to declare the petition unconstitutional himself,” which would likely trigger a new court case.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/trump-backtracks-releasing-boat-strike-video-distances-controversy/story?id=128241884
Article: Trump backtracks on releasing boat strike video, distances himself from controversy President Donald Trump attends a roundtable discussion in the Cabinet Room at the White House in Washington, December 8, 2025. 3, "Will you release video of that strike -- so that the American people can see for themselves?" Trump responded, "I don't know what they have, but whatever they have, we’d certainly release no problem." Officials have confirmed there were four military strikes against the alleged drug boat on Sept. military forces to conduct "a kinetic strike against positively identified Tren de Aragua Narcoterrorists in the SOUTHCOM area of responsibility." @realDonaldTrump/Truth Social Hegseth, who was heading to Capitol Hill on Tuesday with Secretary of State Marco Rubio and Joint Chiefs Chairman Dan Caine to brief the "Gang of Eight" on national security matters, has not committed to releasing the video of the strike. Adam Smith, the top Democrat on the House Armed Services Committee who has seen the video of the strike, pushed back on the description provided by Hegseth and other Republicans. Smith, during an appearance on ABC's "This Week" on Sunday, called the video "deeply disturbing" and said "it did not appear that these two survivors were in any position to continue the fight." Members of Congress are attempting to pass new legislation to force Hegseth to provide lawmakers the unedited footage of the strike.

Link: https://www.latimes.com/california/story/2025-12-09/la-county-inspector-general-max-huntsman-retirement
Article: Los Angeles County’s inspector general is retiring as chief watchdog for the Sheriff’s Department, stepping down from the post he has held since it was first created a dozen years ago. “The county is putting all its efforts into convincing the public and the courts that it is following the law and has no room to honestly evaluate itself and make the changes it would need to really follow those laws,” Huntsman told The Times in a message early Tuesday. “That’s not compatible with my oath of office.” In stacks of detailed reports, the inspector general’s office has described a wide range of abuses and failures by the Sheriff’s Department, the L.A. County’s jails, called out the Sheriff’s Department’s for noncompliance with portions of of the Prison Rape Elimination Act, and criticized the inability or unwillingness of sheriff’s department officials to rein in so-called deputy gangs, whose tattooed members have repeatedly been accused of misconduct. A father of two, he served as a deputy district attorney for 22 years, prosecuting political corruption, police misconduct and fraud cases before leaving the courtroom for the helm of the new Office of Inspector General. One of the main reasons the Sheriff’s Department is still plagued by many of the problems Huntsman confronted when he first became inspector general, he wrote in the Tuesday letter, has been the county’s reluctance to swiftly implement many of his office’s recommendations. “When government abuses occur, they are sometimes kept secret, but that is no longer the case for much of what is happening in Los Angeles County,” Huntsman wrote at the end of his Tuesday letter.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/mets-blue-jays-targeting-80-million-star-after-edwin-diaz-deal-report-11182152
Article: They added Devin Williams early in the winter, but things took an unfortunate turn for them Tuesday when they reportedly lost Edwin Diaz to the Los Angeles Dodgers, according to multiple reports.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/pete-alonso-sweepstakes-take-wild-turn-after-phillies-sign-kyle-schwarber-11181991
Article: The slugger recently agreed to a $150 million deal to remain with the Philadelphia Phillies for the next five seasons, per ESPN's Jeff Passan, and now this deal will have a huge impact on the rest of the market. Alonso could end up landing a bigger deal than anybody expected due to Schwarber's contract, and it could lead to a bidding war among the Mets, Red Sox and other contenders for the veteran slugger.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/ncaa/florida-state-seminoles-mike-norvell-could-pursue-sam-leavitt-11182092
Article: "This one is a bit of a dark horse, but according to 247sports, Florida State was the first big school to offer Leavitt a scholarship back in his original recruiting days," Cox wrote. Florida State has been down, but landing a QB like Leavitt could be a major step back." Read more: Indiana, Curt Cignetti Emerging in Race for Elite Transfer QB During the 2025 college football season, Leavitt played in seven games and completed 60.7 percent of his passes for 1,628 yards, 10 touchdowns, and three interceptions, while also running for 306 yards and five scores.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/greg-abbott-warning-schools-blocking-turning-point-usa-clubs-11182418
Article: Abbott, a Republican, revealed his partnership with the right-wing organization on Monday and said he expects "meaningful disciplinary action" against "any stoppage of TPUSA in the great state of Texas." Newsweek has reached out to the Texas governor's office for comment. Why It Matters Turning Point USA is the organization that conservative activist Charlie Kirk ran before being assassinated at a free speech campus event at Utah Valley University in early September. "Let me be clear: Any school that stands in the way of a Club America program in their school should be reported immediately to the Texas Education Agency," Abbott said. Turning Point USA operates "Club America" chapters in high schools, which aim to "build strong networks, spearhead impactful initiatives, help students register to vote, and inspire meaningful conversations about the foundations of a free society," according to the Turning Point website. While Abbott said he likely would not support a similar initiative with left-leaning organizations, he also said "it would not be illegal" for such groups to operate in public schools. This is about a restoration of who we are as a country." Turning Point USA spokesperson Andrew Kolvet wrote on X: "Even accounting for attrition and duplicates, we are on the cusp of having a TPUSA or Club America chapter in every HS and College campus in America." What Happens Next Turning Point USA continues to field requests from Texas public schools looking to create new chapters.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nfl/shedeur-sanders-draws-high-praise-from-espn-analyst-after-breakout-game-11181557
Article: On ESPN’s First Take, Chris Canty argued Sanders "can factor into the equation" for Cleveland beyond 2025, noting the big-time throws and late-game composure that could let him serve as a bridge. But I do think, as we get ready for a quarterback class that isn't as strong as we initially thought it would be in 2026, having Shedeur Sanders as your bridge option until you find out what's definitely next is not a bad way for the Cleveland Browns organization to go." Read More: Concerning Anthony Richardson News Emerges After Daniel Jones Injury Dillon Gabriel has taken the majority of first-team snaps this season, and the Browns recently opened a practice window for veteran Deshaun Watson as he continues rehabilitation, though sources say a Watson return this year remains improbable. Read More: Bengals Cut Ties With Former Third-Round Pick Day After His Suspension Several outlets and major NFL draft boards list a handful of likely first-rounders, notably Oregon's Dante Moore, Indiana's Fernando Mendoza, and Alabama's Ty Simpson, but many mocks suggest there will not be a deep, surefire class at the top.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/what-ellisons-could-control-in-paramount-warner-bros-takeover-11181324
Article: Discovery, the Ellison family—led operationally by CEO David Ellison and backed by the immense financial power of his father, Oracle co-founder Larry Ellison—would become the dominant force in American entertainment. Paramount said the offer is backed by substantial financing, including equity from the Ellison family and private-equity firm RedBird Capital, along with $54 billion in debt commitments from Bank of America, Citi and Apollo Global Management. Larry Ellison, an ally of the president, told Trump the Netflix deal wouldn't be good for competition, the WSJ reported, while David Ellison signaled he would make changes at CNN during a visit to the White House. What the Ellisons Could Control—If the Deal Succeeds Should Paramount complete the takeover, the Ellison-led entity could have control of: Major film studios and production arms Paramount Pictures Skydance/Paramount film divisions Warner Bros. Animation and legacy libraries TV networks and cable channels Paramount-owned networks (CBS, Nickelodeon, MTV, etc.) WBD networks including HBO, CNN, TBS, TNT, Cartoon Network, Discovery, HGTV, Food Network, and more Streaming and direct-to-consumer services Paramount+ Pluto TV Showtime HBO Max Potentially Discovery+ or its legacy assets Games, interactive, and franchise IP WBD’s gaming division (including major studios) Huge libraries of film, TV, and game IP: from DC and Harry Potter to classic Looney Tunes, as well as legacy Paramount franchises Infrastructure and production assets Hollywood and global studio lots (Paramount, Warner Bros.) Distribution, licensing, and content-delivery infrastructure News and journalism Previously separate news operations under WBD (e.g., CNN) Paramount’s legacy broadcasting and news connections In short, one of the largest, most diverse media empires ever assembled. We are offering shareholders $17.6 billion more cash than the deal they currently have signed up with Netflix, and we believe when they see what it is currently in our offer that that’s what they’ll vote for." Connecticut Democratic Senator Chris Murphy said in a post on X on Tuesday: "Neither Netflix nor the Paramount/Trump/Saudi Arabia group should own Warner Bros. A red alert moment." Massachusetts Democratic Senator Elizabeth Warren said in a post on X on Monday: "The government's review of any deal needs to be based on the law and facts — not who sucked up the most to Donald Trump." Oscar-winning producer Matthew A. Cherry said in a post on X on Monday: "I'm not a fan of either the Netflix or Paramount owning Warner Bros., but if you think Trump and his allies controlling yet another legacy media company is a good thing long term I don't know what else to tell you." What Happens Next Paramount’s offer is set to expire on January 8, 2026 at 5 p.m., as reported by the Guardian.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/state/fort-worth-dallas-ken-paxton-investigation-financial-transparency-tax-rate/287-d910773a-ca4d-4b30-9867-d302a40e13be
Article: "While many cities have already complied with these requirements, I’m launching this review to ensure that the law is universally followed, taxpayers are respected, and local government is accountable to all Texans.” Paxton urges any city that has received an email information request from the Office of the Attorney General to promptly respond. The review includes Dallas, Fort Worth and some of the largest cities in the state, the release states, including: Houston, Galveston, San Antonio, Lubbock, Wichita Falls, McAllen, Beaumont, Amarillo, El Paso, Corpus Christi, Laredo, Texarkana, Brownsville, Waco, and Tyler.

Link: https://abc13.com/post/powerball-jackpot-climbs-930m-ahead-wednesdays-drawing/18267972/
Article: If a player wins the Powerball jackpot, they can choose between the lump sum payment or an annuity option, in which they will receive one immediate payment followed by 29 annual payments that increase by 5% each year.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c23e7z9dek8o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Storm Bram brings flooding and travel disruption to UK Storm Bram: Drone footage shows streets submerged by floodwater As of 17:25 GMT, there were 90 flood warnings in place across the UK, with 37 flood warnings in England, 20 in Wales and 33 in Scotland. Amber warnings for wind, which mean a possible danger to life, are in place in part of Northern Ireland and northern Scotland, where forecasters say gusts could reach speeds of 90mph (145 km/h). Trains, flights and ferries have been cancelled and thousands left without power as Storm Bram brought heavy rain, strong winds and unseasonably mild temperatures to large parts of the UK. How to stay safe during a storm and what to do in a power cut How not to soak pedestrians - and other wet weather driving tips Storm names 2025-26: How do storms like Bram get their names? In the west of England, Great Western Railway is reporting cancellations due to flooding between: Par and Newquay Totnes and Plymouth Swindon and Bristol Parkway In Wales, various Transport for Wales services are experiencing disruptions: Flooding has led to the closure of all lines between Aberdare and Abercynon.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cwyx83n00k6o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Google unveils plans to try again with smart glasses in 2026 2 hours ago Share Save Liv McMahon Technology reporter Share Save Google Google plans to launch smart glasses powered by artificial intelligence (AI) in 2026, after its previous high-profile attempt to enter the market ended in failure. The tech giant set expectations high in 2013 when it unveiled Google Glass, billed by some as the future of technology despite its odd appearance with a bulky screen positioned above the right eye. While saying the first of the two types of AI glasses it is working on would come in 2026, Google has not given more information on what form it will take. According to market research firm Counterpoint Research, the sector saw a surge in the first half of 2025, driven by demand for Meta's devices and the launch of similar products by smaller brands.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c5y9kw5w4llo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Photographer wins UK's only 2025 Northern Lights award 3 hours ago Share Save Leigh Boobyer BBC Wales Share Save Mathew Browne Mathew Browne captured St Crannog's statue in Llangrannog looking out across the west Wales coastline towards the display A photographer who captured this year's only UK award-winning image of the Northern Lights said taking the perfect shot was a "pretty special moment". Mathew Browne, from Carmarthen in west Wales, was named a winner in the 2025 Northern Lights Photographer of the Year awards for his picture of St Crannog's statue in Llangrannog "admiring" the dazzling display. Mathew Browne Mr Browne was taking photos of the Northern Lights across the west Wales coastline overnight Wedding photographer Mr Browne said he took the picture at about 01:00 BST on 25 October last year. "It's as if the statue itself is admiring the display in the sky." He said it was "such a bright display that you could quite easily see the colours to the naked eye".

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cwywr089l7vo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Thirteen Labour MPs vote for talks on joining EU customs union 1 hour ago Share Save Kate Whannel Political reporter Share Save Watch: Rare moment in the Commons as vote end in tie Thirteen Labour MPs have backed a Liberal Democrat bill requiring the government to begin negotiations on joining a bespoke customs union with the EU. "The prime minister must now listen to Parliament and the public, drop his self-imposed red lines and finally go for proper growth through an ambitious trade deal with the EU," he added. "Where possible the issue should remain open for further discussion and no final decision should be made by a casting vote." The UK left the customs union - which eases trade barriers by allowing member states to charge the same taxes on goods imported from outside the bloc - after the country voted for Brexit.

Link: https://www.bbc.co.uk/sounds/play/p0mmjplf?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Covid Counter Fraud Commissioner, Tom Hayhoe said that a lack of accountability, bad quality data and poor contracting during the pandemic had led to £10.9 billion being lost to fraud or error. If you're in the UK, for more News and Current Affairs podcasts from the BBC, listen on BBC Sounds: https://bbc.in/4guXgXd Newscast brings you daily analysis of the latest political news stories from the BBC.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/cricket/articles/cre354w8x3wo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Two years ago, England pushed Australia close in both of the defeats - after the febrile, wildly undulating and frequently pyrotechnic Edgbaston and Lord's Tests, England had scored 34.6 runs per wicket to Australia's 35.8. This time, they have averaged 22.7 per wicket to 38.2, figures that are eerily similar to those at the same stage in both 2021-22 (21.8 to 39.5) and 2017-18 (23.9 to 38.6). They have batted for just 219.1 overs in the two Tests so far, the fewest overs faced by any team in falling to a 2-0 deficit in an Ashes series, and almost 85 overs fewer than at the equivalent stage of their evisceration by Mitchell Johnson in 2013-14. However, they conceded runs at more than 4.5 per over for the second consecutive game (4.57 in Perth, 4.54 in Brisbane, the fifth and sixth least economical Tests by an England bowling team). In the other three (all defeats, in the final Tests against Sri Lanka at The Oval and Pakistan in Rawalpindi in 2024, and in the Edgbaston loss to India in the summer), they scored fewer than 0.25 runs per over slower.

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/12/09/nx-s1-5634506/taxes-the-price-of-democracy
Article: Believe it or not, this book makes taxes fascinating Basic Books While, as Benjamin Franklin quipped, it may be that nothing is certain but death and taxes, only the former can be considered the great equalizer. Williamson's new book, The Price of Democracy: The Revolutionary Power of Taxation in American History, takes us on a fascinating journey through the history of taxation from colonization to the present day. Sponsor Message A senior fellow at the Urban-Brookings Tax Policy Center, a senior fellow in Governance Studies at The Brookings Institution, and the author of Read My Lips: Why Americans Are Proud to Pay Taxes, Williamson is eminently qualified to lay bare the intricate relationship between tax policy, wealth distribution, and political power. Each of the book's three parts — Taxation for a Republic, Taxation for Black Liberation, and Taxation for the General Welfare — includes little-known stories that have nonetheless had a profound impact on how we function as a country today. What I hadn't learned was that "the patriots who threw the tea into Boston Harbor were opposing not a tax hike, but a corporate tax cut." The British government's plan to keep the East India Company afloat would have actually made tea less expensive for the colonists. Williamson makes the point that "To the extent the American Revolution was about taxation, it was about the desire of Americans to tax themselves." The book's early chapters reveal that even the framers of the Constitution were primarily concerned with restraining popular control over public funds. "Our federal government," Williamson argues, "was designed by elites afraid that the American people had too much power over the public purse." Alexander Hamilton — who also advocated for lifetime terms for the senators and the president — made his disdain for the masses clear: "The voice of the people has been said to be the voice of God… it is not true in fact. The people are turbulent and changing; they seldom judge or determine right." Sponsor Message This antipathy towards true and full participation in democracy is one of the book's throughlines, and it is essential to understanding how tax policy has been used to define — and limit — citizenship along lines of race and class. Williamson argues that "public revenue is contested most fiercely when the scope of the public itself is disputed." Whenever marginalized groups have demanded inclusion, from working-class suffrage movements in Britain to the civil rights era in the United States, the backlash has often been linked to taxation. Especially in its second and third sections, The Price of Democracy demonstrates how time and again people who are poor, working class, and middle class have fought to raise taxes (including their own) to meet the shared needs of the public. But at every turn, Williamson writes, "The possibility that people of moderate means would have a say over the tax system has persistently led wealthy people to undermine governments' democratic practices and fiscal capacity." Perhaps most chilling is how familiar today's anti-tax and "taxpayer's rights" rhetoric sounds. It's clear why Williamson's introduction notes: "It may well be a matter of temperament whether, on balance, readers will find it more reassuring or disheartening to know that 'we have been this way before.'" The echoes across the centuries are unmistakable and unsettling.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/politics/judge-orders-ice-release-brazilian-woman-with-ties-to-white-house-press-secretary-karoline-leavitt
Article: “The government stipulated to our argument and never once argued that she was criminal illegal alien and waived appeal.” A Department of Homeland Security spokesperson in an email Monday called Ferreira a “criminal illegal alien” and said she had been arrested for battery, an allegation her attorney denied. “The Department of Homeland Security will continue to work to remove all aliens illegally present in the country as quickly as possible.” Pomerleau said his client came to the U.S. Karoline Leavitt grew up in New Hampshire, and made an unsuccessful run for Congress from the state in 2022 before becoming Trump’s spokesperson for his 2024 campaign and later joining him at the White House.

Link: https://feeds.texastribune.org/link/16799/17216999/texas-school-vouchers-education-savings-accounts-final-rules
Article: Texas’ chief financial officer on Tuesday finalized rules for the state’s private school voucher program, clearing up confusion about funding for pre-kindergarten students and setting official dates for schools and families to apply — but declining to change certain special education components or tack on additional reporting requirements. Most families will receive an amount between about $10,300-$10,900 a year in state funds for each student participating in the program, which they can then use to pay for educational expenses or tuition at the accredited private schools approved by the comptroller’s office. It had proposed that children attending private preschool programs only receive $2,000 — the amount for home-schoolers — and not the more than $10,000 that lawmakers said they intended for all other students. The $1 billion in funds initially allocated for the program will flow through education savings accounts, a form of school vouchers that operate as a digital platform where families can pay tuition and purchase educational supplies from approved vendors. If applications for the voucher program exceed the funding available, the comptroller must prioritize applicants in this order: Students with disabilities from families with an annual income at or below 500% of the federal poverty level, which includes any four-person household earning less than roughly $160,000 Families at or below 200% of the poverty level, which includes any four-person household earning less than roughly $64,300 Families between 200% and 500% of the poverty level Families at or above 500% of the poverty level (limited to 20% of the program’s budget) The priority system does not guarantee access to the program.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Health/wireStory/neurologic-complications-flu-kids-year-118839700
Article: Adrienne Randolph, MD, MSc, of Boston Children's Hospital, said she reported about 12 potential cases of flu-associated ANE to CDC's National Center for Immunization and Respiratory Diseases (NCIRD) in the past few weeks. "We do not have active surveillance for ANE, but we are looking into the situation and will provide updates." Randolph said her NCIRD contacts "asked me smart questions, and I sent them more information, and that's pretty much it." A physician at one U.S. Andrew Silverman, MD, MHS, and Keith Van Haren, MD, of Stanford Medicine in California, said they are aware of at least 10 cases of flu-associated ANE in their state alone over last year's and this year's influenza seasons. Symptoms of ANE can include seizures and altered mental status, and patients can become comatose, said Sue Hong Routson, MD, a pediatric neurointensivist at Johns Hopkins Children's Center in Baltimore. It's a pretty terrifying entity in that it feels once the dominoes start tipping, it's really hard to come back from it." Classic imaging findings for ANE include bilateral thalamic involvement, deep gray matter involvement, and sometimes brain stem involvement, she said. Routson said her facility has had one case of ANE this year, along with four other cases of children with neurologic complications from influenza that didn't have the classic ANE findings on MRI or the clinical progression. Clinicians have been on the alert as H5N1 avian influenza spreads across dairy herds and poultry flocks throughout the U.S., with human cases reaching a total of 68, according to the latest CDC data. Nonetheless, sources at CDC said they feel like they're in the dark on influenza surveillance, as they have not been allowed to communicate with key partners such as medical organizations. When it comes to H5N1 in particular, the source said the CDC isn't getting sufficient information about testing or subtyping, "and therefore we don't understand the situation well." Randolph and Routson said the treatment for ANE, since it's thought to be an overreaction of the immune system, includes steroids, intravenous immunoglobulin, and other immune modulators like anakinra (Kineret) and tocilizumab (Actemra).

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/9/tony-blair-ruled-out-of-trumps-proposed-gaza-peace-board-report?traffic_source=rss
Article: Tony Blair has been dropped from consideration for a role on a proposed US-led “board of peace” for Gaza after objections from Arab and Muslim governments, the Financial Times (FT) newspaper has reported. Blair was the only figure named for the board when Donald Trump announced a 20-point plan to end Israel’s genocidal war against the Palestinian people in Gaza in September, with the US president describing the former UK prime minister as a “very good man”. As British Prime Minister, Blair strongly supported the US-led so-called “war on terror” and sent tens of thousands of British troops to join the 2003 US-led invasion of Iraq, which was launched based on false claims that Iraq’s then leader, Saddam Hussein, had developed weapons of mass destruction. The project included proposals for a coastal resort dubbed the “Trump Riviera” and a manufacturing hub named after Elon Musk – ideas critics said ignore human rights and threaten Palestinians with displacement.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/video/video-shows-massive-ice-raid-on-minnesota-home-254043205545
Article: ICE agents detained four people from a Minnesota home during a raid caught on a Ring camera, according to family members, including a 7-year-old's parents and the husband of a pregnant woman.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/money/business/small-business/h-e-b-store-coming-to-carrollton-north-texas-what-we-know/287-e7087b95-ce92-4deb-a19a-e91267325297
Article: When asked about a potential Carrollton H-E-B store recently, Mabrie Jackson, managing director for public affairs for H-E-B, told WFAA "we look forward to sharing more details at a later date." Some people expressed concerns about the potential traffic a new H-E-B store could bring. "Adding H-E-B traffic without a signal at the Josey entrance will make conditions worse." Loren Shapiro of Carrollton's Development Services department said traffic mitigation measures following a traffic impact study includes three right turn lanes for westbound Parker Road and a northbound right turn lane to the first driveway north of Parker Road on Josey.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/nation-world/roomful-of-blues-musician-killed-by-driver-with-dozens-of-arrests/507-b7c0eda5-fc05-4d05-959b-bd2424eba5e1
Article: WASHINGTON — A Grammy-nominated Rhode Island musician was walking his dogs over the weekend when he was hit and killed by a driver with more than 100 previous arrests and dozens of traffic violations, police said. At the scene of the crash, officers found she was in possession of "numerous illegal narcotics and packaging materials commonly associated with drug distribution." Godbout was arrested at the scene and faces multiple preliminary charges for the deadly incident. In a tribute post, the Rhode Island Music Hall of Fame said Macleod had a more than 50-year career as a musician and also taught guitar, banjo and upright bass.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/nation-world/dog-attack-4-year-old-sons-ear-ripped-off/507-a6dc0e02-95cd-4403-a928-1a05d53872d1
Article: Example video title will go here for this video Next up in 5 Example video title will go here for this video Next up in 5 To stream WFAA on your phone, you need the WFAA app. The report detailed a "non-life-threatening injury" to Roland's left ear, which was left "hanging from the side of his head." He was transported by Jacksonville Fire and Rescue to Wolfson Children's Hospital.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/sports/high-school/hs-football/cotton-bowl-uil-playoff-semifinal-south-oak-cliff-melissa/287-a743c6ee-0fa3-46b5-939e-80768a1a6698
Article: "As former football coach for SOC, I really wanted the next generation of SOC student athletes to be able to play a game of great significance in the City’s signature stadium and be able to make memories that will last a lifetime. I’m glad I was able to work with John Jenkins and Ryan O'Connor to make this happen for our community and city." The Cotton Bowl completed the first phase of its $140 million renovations, which included 14 new escalators and renovations of multiple levels of the stadium, including the concourse, concession, restroom areas and luxury seating areas.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/nation-world/spotify-adds-music-videos/507-3c4f6d04-ee3c-4591-ade4-882bf5594315
Article: Music videos now join Spotify features like Canvas loops, Countdown Pages, and Clips, all aimed at helping fans connect more deeply with artists beyond just pressing play on a song.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/politics/floridas-desantis-declares-muslim-civil-rights-group-a-terrorist-organization
Article: The order instructs Florida agencies to prevent the two groups and those who have provided them material support from receiving contracts, employment and funds from a state executive or cabinet agency. Greg Abbott’s proclamation, saying in a lawsuit that it was “not only contrary to the United States Constitution, but finds no support in any Texas law.” The Muslim Brotherhood was established in Egypt nearly a century ago and has branches around the world.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/politics/long-islands-bruce-blakeman-is-running-for-governor-will-challenge-elise-stefanik-in-republican-primary
Article: Blakeman’s candidacy kicks off what is expected to be a heated Republican contest against Stefanik, a conservative from northern New York who President Donald Trump picked to be his U.N. They’re both great people.” Stefanik’s campaign assailed Blakeman as a weak candidate who has a record of “supporting corrupt Far Left Democrats.” Its statement called him “an early Christmas present to Kathy Hochul as he works to blow Republicans’ best chance to win.” Democrats enjoy a strong voter registration advantage in New York, but next year’s race for governor is expected to be one of the nation’s most watched contests. As the county executive, Blakeman has pushed through a policy that bans transgender athletes from using county sports facilities, created a volunteer law enforcement unit that his critics have labeled a militia and directed county detectives to work alongside federal authorities in Trump’s immigration crackdown. Nassau’s first Jewish county executive, he also signed a local ban on wearing face masks in public except for health or religious reasons, a measure that critics complain is aimed at cracking down on pro-Palestine demonstrations. There’s a reason: just like Donald Trump, he takes money out of New Yorkers’ pockets and squeezes working families at every turn.” Both Blakeman and Stefanik now frame themselves as candidates who could appeal to moderate Democrats as well as Republicans, even though both have adopted the brash political rhetoric of Trump, who remains unpopular in New York.

Link: https://www.washingtonpost.com/immigration/2025/12/09/pritzker-illinois-immigration-enforcement/
Article: JB Pritzker (D) on Tuesday signed into law a slate of measures that seek to limit immigration enforcement in the state as he pushes back on an aggressive federal campaign of mass deportations. “Illinois — in the face of cruelty and intimidation — has chosen solidarity and support.” The bill, signed in Chicago’s predominantly Latino Little Village neighborhood, extends protections for immigrant families and others impacted by federal immigration enforcement. It bans civil immigration arrests at state courthouses or within 1,000 feet of those facilities, and restricts what information Illinois hospitals, childcare centers and colleges can share with immigration authorities. During “Operation Midway Blitz,” which has scaled back since it began in September, immigration officers conducted large-scale raids in and around Chicago in what the Trump administration framed as crackdown on crime. In Minneapolis, where DHS recently launched “Operation Metro Surge” targeting the city’s Somali residents, Mayor Jacob Frey (D) signed an executive order barring the agency from using city-owned spaces — such as parking lots or garages — for enforcement operations.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/video/affordable-care-act-tax-credits-set-expire-years-128248826
Article: Affordable Care Act tax credits set to expire at year's end ACA tax subsidies are set to expire for more than 20 million Americans at the end of the year.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/assisted-living-facility-owner-inspector-sue-faulty-sprinklers-128251173
Article: The owner of a Massachusetts assisted-living facility that was the site of a fatal fire and an inspection company have sued each other over who is at fault for failure to address a faulty sprinkler system FILE - Boards cover the windows of the Gabriel House assisted living facility, where a fire killed multiple people, July 15, 2025, in Fall River, Mass. (AP Photo/Kimberlee Kruesi, File) FILE - Boards cover the windows of the Gabriel House assisted living facility, where a fire killed multiple people, July 15, 2025, in Fall River, Mass. (AP Photo/Kimberlee Kruesi, File) A safety inspection company and the owner of a Massachusetts assisted-living facility that was the site of a fatal fire that killed 10 people are blaming each other for failing to address a faulty sprinkler system. said in a statement that in September 2024 one of its inspectors “did identify fire sprinkler heads installed at Gabriel House that had been the subject of a manufacturer recall and might not operate in the event of a fire.” Gabriel House's court filing Monday stated that as “a result of the failure of the sprinkler system at Gabriel House to function properly, the fire and the resulting heat and smoke from the fire were not contained to that one room and spread throughout the facility.” It said Gabriel House anticipated that Fire Systems Inc. “FSI conducted inspections at Gabriel House in February 2025, April 2025, and on July 8, 2025, five days before the fire, and certified that no deficiencies or required actions with the sprinklers existed,” Etzkorn said in a statement. Documents obtained by The Associated Press in the aftermath of the fire showed a history of troubles at the facility, including a period in which it was barred from accepting new residents until it corrected problems with resident mistreatment.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/09/standard-chartered-cuts-bitcoin-forecast-in-half.html
Article: "We therefore lower our year-end price forecasts." BTC.CM= YTD mountain Bitcoin, year to date Kendrick said the long-term $500,000 target is still reachable as portfolio optimizations show global portfolios are underweight bitcoin.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/09/walmart-move-to-nasdaq-part-of-plan-to-build-an-ai-e-commerce-powerhouse-investors-say.html
Article: Investors say that Walmart 's transfer of its common stock listing to Nasdaq is emblematic of its intention to be viewed as a tech-enabled, e-commerce company rather than a traditional discount retailer. On Tuesday, Walmart transferred its primary listing to the technology-heavy Nasdaq from the New York Stock Exchange, where it has traded since 1972 — making it the largest company to ever make the move. In an interview with CNBC's " Squawk Box " on Tuesday morning, Walmart CEO Doug McMillon cited the company's progress with technology as the main contributing factor for its decision to shift to Nasdaq. Walmart was founded on the principle of charging low prices — creating a low-margin, high-volume business — but lately the $910-billion powerhouse has made strategic moves to transform its business in a more AI-enabled direction. Investors such as Nancy Tengler, chief investment officer of Laffer Tengler Investments, told CNBC that Walmart's move into artificial intelligence is no small task and dictates its focus going forward . 'A very intentional move' "If they want to be considered more of an AI, tech-based company, then the optics of moving to that stock exchange I think more aligns them with their forward-looking ecosystem. This is a Walmart that is looking into the future." Tengler, Simpson and other investors who spoke to CNBC Pro applauded Walmart's recent efforts to integrate AI systems to boost productivity in its business. "Collecting data in terms of what customer patterns have been over the last few years allows them to better predict when certain things are going to sell better," Markus Hansen, portfolio manager at Vontobel, said in an interview. Walmart's use of new technology extends beyond the back of the store, Hansen said, applauding the retailer's efforts to raise the in-store shopping experience by introducing "smart" shopping carts and digital ink displays that can change item pricing from a central location. While the ad business is still small in comparison to the amount of annual sales Walmart generates, it is both high margin and growing many times faster than the core business, Simpson said. "The strategic significance is that advertising sits right at the center of Walmart's data, AI, and automation push: they're using first-party shopper data and AI tools to target and measure campaigns across their app, website, in-store screens, and now connected TV via Vizio — powering a fast-expanding retail-media platform," he said via email to CNBC. A top stock pick for 2026 Heading into 2026, Walmart is one of Tengler's top six stock ideas for the new year and a position she'd be willing to hold for the next three to five years. WMT .SPX YTD mountain WMT YTD chart Taking aim at Amazon One reason Walmart has already been so successful in e-commerce is because it has followed an established playbook set by Amazon , especially in raising its revenue-to-employee ratio — a metric for productivity, said Eric Clark, portfolio manager at Accuvest Global Advisors. "Where they have an edge over Amazon is [that] they serve the part of the economy that's struggling more than Amazon." Walmart's "everyday low price" strategy traditionally served more low-income customers, making it a defensive play and a beneficiary in tough times when bargains are in more demand. While Amazon is the undisputed leader in e-commerce, weaker retailers that haven't made such large investments e-commerce or logistics automation — such as Target — are at risk of ceding share to Walmart, according to Tengler. Higher valuation Walmart's move to the Nasdaq also serves another crucial purpose — it may help justify a higher valuation that would be more in line with that of a hybrid retail/tech company, Simpson said. "If there's any argument against the bull case on Walmart at the moment, it's that you can point to it and say it carries a high multiple," Simpson said in an interview. "But I think it's their deliberate intent to move there [toward tech], so that it justifies a higher multiple because they're wanting to separate themselves from a stodgy, traditional, boring retailer to a more progressive, AI-led, e-commerce company."

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/9/us-judge-approves-bid-to-unseal-epstein-grand-jury-documents?traffic_source=rss
Article: A United States federal judge has ruled that the Department of Justice can release grand jury documents from the sex trafficking case of Ghislaine Maxwell, the former girlfriend of disgraced sex offender Jeffrey Epstein. “They do not reveal any heretofore unknown means or methods of Epstein’s or Maxwell’s crimes.” Grand jury materials often contain court transcripts: They do not represent the full investigative file the Department of Justice may have. Advertisement Some legal experts at the time called Trump’s petitions a “distraction” and warned that the grand jury transcripts were unlikely to reveal the full breadth of the government’s investigation into Epstein. Speaking to The Associated Press through her lawyer Sigrid S McCawley, one of Epstein’s accusers, Annie Farmer, said she is “is wary of the possibility that any denial of the motions may be used by others as a pretext or excuse for continuing to withhold crucial information concerning Epstein’s crimes”. In Tuesday’s decision, Engelmayer addressed that concern and required US Attorney Jay Clayton to review all grand jury materials before their release, to ensure no victims would have their privacy violated. A November Reuters/Ipsos poll found that just 20 percent of people in the US approve of Trump’s handling of matters related to Epstein, with whom he enjoyed a close relationship for years.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nba/giannis-antetokounmpo-trade-race-shifts-after-major-knicks-development-11182668
Article: The nixing of the Knicks' exclusivity opens the door for every team in the league to bid for one of the NBA’s faces of the past decade, including the Los Angeles Lakers, Miami Heat, and even the reigning champions, the Oklahoma City Thunder.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/mlb/phillies-make-major-rob-thomson-announcement-amid-kyle-schwarber-reports-11182859
Article: Late on Tuesday morning on the East Coast, ESPN's Jeff Passan reported that Schwarber had agreed to a five-year, $150 million deal to return to the Phillies as a free agent. Thomson was entering what would have been the final year of his contract, as he and the Phillies completed a similar move last offseason to avoid a "lame duck" situation. The move was expected, as Phillies president of baseball operations Dave Dombrowski told the media on Monday that an extension of some kind was likely forthcoming, as beat reporter Todd Zolecki noted in the announcement on the Phillies' website. That year, Philadelphia fired Joe Girardi in June, went on a run that concluded with a loss to the Houston Astros in the World Series, and made Thomson the full-time manager in the middle of the postseason.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/ncaa/notre-dame-sec-conversations-11182419
Article: On Monday, Notre Dame athletic director Pete Bevacqua claimed on "The Dan Patrick Show" that the ACC had done "permanent damage" to their business relationship after the conference appeared to take shots at the Fighting Irish during the last month of the regular season. More News: Marcus Freeman ‘Upset’ With Alabama Jumping Notre Dame "We were mystified by the actions of the conference to attack their biggest, really, partner in football and a member of their conference in 24 of our other sports," Bevacqua said. "He shared some thoughts that he had with me that obviously between Greg and me." There has been speculation the Irish could try and find a way out of their agreement with the ACC after the way the conference handled its social media platforms and TV networks in November and December.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nfl/eagles-qb-jalen-hurts-gets-brutally-honest-after-chargers-loss-11182821
Article: Lots of opportunities, especially when we get on the other side of the 50, and I wasn’t able to get us in the box,” he said, shouldering much of the blame himself. Read more: Eagles’ Saquon Barkley Defends Jalen Hurts After Chargers Loss He referred to the team's final attempt to get a touchdown on a pass to the corner near the goal line as "a play we made a million times." ... "For me, we lost the game, and I didn't play well enough to win the game," the Eagles star told the media, also adding, "We gotta go out there and put it together." Hurts finished with 240 yards passing in the 22-19 loss. Hurts also indicated he needs to be a better leader and that there are "no excuses." He mentioned seeing how he responds to this "test" to find "what level of resolve and resilience" he has to move forward and "figure things out." The loss to the Chargers dropped the Eagles to 8-5. Hurts will get his chance to show he's a better leader on Sunday afternoon, but he'll also need to find ways to win against the top-tier teams in the NFC for the NFL Playoffs.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/mets-targeting-80-million-star-after-losing-edwin-diaz-to-dodgers-report-11182820
Article: The front office added Devin Williams early in the offseason, but they were dealt a crushing blow on Tuesday when Edwin Diaz reportedly agreed to a new contract with the Los Angeles Dodgers. "That said, whomever they sign won’t cost as much as Díaz, leaving some more money for them to pursue a reunion with Alonso." With Diaz off the market and not too many star closers on the trade block, Suarez might be the best closer available this offseason.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nba/3-nba-teams-eye-massive-trade-push-for-mavericks-anthony-davis-11182492
Article: The Dallas Mavericks appear to be edging ever closer to trading away former NBA champion Anthony Davis, and three teams have emerged as the top suitors for the legendary big man. Cade Cunningham has transformed into one of the league’s brightest young stars, averaging 27.5 points and nearly 10 assists per game, to lead Detroit to a 19-5 record atop the East. More news: Former Bulls Star Horace Grant Takes Firm Stance on Rooting for NBA Nephew In Atlanta, the arrival of Davis would usher in a new era for Hawks basketball. After making maybe one of the best trades in league history last year by grabbing this year’s Pelicans first-rounder in the draft, the Hawks are in pole position to select a generational talent such as BYU's AJ Dybantsa or Duke's Cameron Boozer.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/absolutely-american-story-of-how-aretha-franklins-natural-woman-happened-11174707
Article: Her father’s sermons were so powerful and his voice so remarkable that he had a record deal with Chess Records and commanded appearance fees that rivaled pop stars in America. Young Aretha would meet visitors to the Franklin home from every walk of life, including some of the most prominent gospel musicians of the day (Clara Ward and James Cleveland), many of the great rhythm and blues artists of the day (Jackie Wilson and Sam Cooke, among others) and the Reverend Martin Luther King Jr. King and Goffin started writing songs together while working part-time jobs in New York City, dividing their duties: She would write the music and melodies and he would write the lyrics. It would take a Bronx-born son of a German Jewish father and Russian Jewish mother—former music journalist-turned-record producer and record executive Jerry Wexler—to bring out the very best in Franklin, unleashing her voice and her talents in ways that no one, even Franklin, could have imagined. Her very first top 10 single, I Never Loved a Man (The Way I Love You), was recorded in the unlikeliest of places: Muscle Shoals, Alabama, with an unlikely studio house band known as The Swampers, most of whom were young, white local musicians. One of the house band’s members, David Hood, once told a journalist that “we looked like guys that worked at the local supermarket.” Like all record executives, Wexler understood that his star was only as good as the songs she sang, so he approached King and Goffin and gave them an idea for the title song for Franklin’s upcoming record, “Lady Soul.” "I'm looking for a really big hit for Aretha,” he told them. “How about writing a song called A Natural Woman?" After putting their kids to bed, the couple put in a long night of work, and emerged the next day with the words and music to the song title Wexler had suggested. The song starts out simply and beautifully: Looking out on the morning rain I used to feel so uninspired And when I knew I had to face another day Lord, it made me feel so tired [Pre-Chorus] Before the day I met you, life was so unkind But you're the key to my peace of mind It is a perfect opening verse to a perfect song. When my soul was in the lost and found You came along to claim it I didn't know just what was wrong with me 'Til your kiss helped me name it [Pre-Chorus] Now I'm no longer doubtful of what I'm living for And if I make you happy, I don't need to do more Recorded by Franklin in New York City in 1967 with members of The Swampers, Aretha’s singing transformed the song, which became an instant success–making its way to No.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/mlb/red-sox-sign-former-dodgers-pitcher-in-free-agency-11176733
Article: On the same day the Boston Red Sox reportedly lost one of their homegrown pitchers to Asia in free agency, they brought another former minor league prospect back to North America. According to Will Sammon of The Athletic, the Red Sox are in agreement on a minor league split contract with pitcher Alec Gamboa that will pay the left-hander $925,000 if he is in the majors.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nfl/laura-rutledge-breaks-silence-on-justin-herbert-incident-with-clear-message-11182786
Article: However, he added a team-leading 66 yards on the ground and picked up three first downs with rushing attempts as the Chargers found a way to take down the defending Super Bowl champions - just a few days after he underwent surgery on his non-throwing wrist. "There are so many guys in that locker room that are fighting through so many different injuries and things worse than what I'm going through," Herbert said after the game. "So, it's the least I can do to show up and give my best effort for them." More Football: Harsh Punishment Announced for 2 Major Teams After Skipping Bowl Game ...

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/wrestling/bryan-danielson-makes-surprising-admission-about-john-cenas-final-wwe-run-11182575
Article: The only times there wasn’t silence was when my wife called, I got on an AEW call, or when I called mom.” While the media blackout is significant, it is not absolute. Since that emotional defeat, Danielson has largely stayed out of the spotlight, focusing on his health and family while limiting his wrestling appearances, aligning with the "less input" lifestyle he described.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/trump-admin-issues-new-threat-to-chicago-11182790
Article: The Donald Trump Administration has issued a threat to pull federal funding from Chicago's public transit system following the attack of a woman on a Chicago train last month, according to a report from the Associated Press (AP). In a letter sent to Chicago Mayor Brandon Johnson and Illinois Governor JB Pritzker on Monday, Federal Transit Authority Administrator Marc Molina demanded that the Chicago Transit Authority (CTA) create and enforce a new safety plan with the deadline set for December 19. While the letter didn't make any specific demands on safety changes, Molina referenced the attack of Beth MaGee on Chicago's Blue Line, saying in part, "I will not accept the brutal assault of an innocent 26-year-old woman as an inevitable cost of providing public transportation.” The 50-year-old suspect, Lawrence Reed, has been charged with federal terrorism after he allegedly doused MaGee with gasoline and set her on fire in an attack described by officials as “barbaric” and premeditated. "Public safety is the top of my top priorities," Mayor Johnson said during a press conference Tuesday, adding, "That's why we are working on ensuring that we make the necessary investments so that people will continue to ride our public transportation system and that they can do it safely." Newsweek reached out to the White House and Governor Pritzker by email on Tuesday for comment. According to court records, the alleged attacker, identified as Reed, a 50-year-old Chicago man, had an extensive criminal record and was on electronic monitoring for a previous aggravated battery case. The FTA directive calls for a "significant" increase in law enforcement or security presence on the CTA system and threatens to freeze up to 25 percent of Chicago's federal transit grants — a loss that could impair operations and maintenance, The Chicago Tribune reported. Molinaro’s letter described the attack as evidence of “systemic failures in both leadership and accountability at all levels,” stating, “If CTA does not take immediate action to increase its law enforcement presence, we will withhold federal funds." The confrontation is just the latest in ongoing disputes between the Trump administration and Illinois officials over immigration enforcement, the deployment of National Guard troops, and funding allocations for infrastructure. The Trump administration's stance comes despite data indicating a drop in certain violent crimes on CTA property over the past year, though attacks like the one on MaGee continue to draw widespread scrutiny, according to The Chicago Tribune. What People Are Saying Marc Molinaro, Federal Transit Authority Administrator, letter to city officials, according to the Associated Press: “I will not accept the brutal assault of an innocent 26-year-old woman as an inevitable cost of providing public transportation.” Mayor Brandon Johnson, City of Chicago, press briefing Tuesday: “The feeling and the emotion and the experience of having crime occur on our public transportation system is certainly detrimental to our city as a whole, and so that's why, whether it's with funding, making sure that there are safety and security measures in place, making sure that our public transportation system is supported with entities that address homelessness and as well as mental health, it's a full, full force of government approach, and we're going to continue to collaborate with the state and economy and all of our partners to ensure that every single rider feels absolutely safe." JB Pritzker, Democrat Governor of Illinois, said in a statement reported by Crain's Chicago Business: “Instead of focusing on serious, coordinated solutions, the Trump administration is politicizing a heinous tragedy and doing nothing that makes our communities safer.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nba/celtics-jaylen-brown-calls-out-nbas-soul-selling-flopping-stars-11178183
Article: When the question of the game’s current climate came up, Brown, in his 10th year as an NBA pro, spoke up about what it means to be an MVP in the league today. If you want to be an MVP, top of the top, you've got to just sell your soul and be a flopper.” While not brought up by name, fans on Twitch began speculating whether the former NBA champion was referring to the reigning league MVP, Oklahoma City Thunder’s Shai Gilgeous-Alexander. The leader of the defending champs has become polarizing in NBA circles, with some believing his shifty, physical style while driving the ball is angling for a whistle to send him to the line. More news: Bucks Linked to Massive Trade for $28 Million Celtics Guard: Report As the stream went on, Brown urged his chat to ask him what kind of player they wanted him to be in today’s NBA era. For Brown’s Celtics, it has been a year of perseverance, as Jayson Tatum is out for the majority or all of the 2025 season due to a ruptured Achilles tendon he experienced during last year’s conference semifinals.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nfl/philip-rivers-is-giving-up-hall-of-fame-bid-to-join-the-colts-11182755
Article: Read more: Colts Officially Sign 44-Year-Old Quarterback Philip Rivers Though Rivers coming out of retirement at this age is something the NFL has not seen very many times, his return This all began on Sunday, as Daniel Jones suffered a brutal season-ending Achilles tear. Rivers was already a semi-finalist, but coming back out and playing inspired football at the age of 44 could lead to his being more of a shoo-in for the greatest honor in football when all is said and done.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sonia-sotomayors-remarks-silence-supreme-court-11182565
Article: Sauer’s insistence that “the sky will not fall” if long-standing limits on presidential power are removed prompted Sotomayor to warn that his argument would effectively let the president “do more than the law permits.” That moment shocked the room because it showed just how far the government’s position could go: it could take away important limits that keep presidents from fully controlling watchdog agencies, thereby shifting the balance of power between Congress and the executive. Why It Matters In a case that could redefine the balance of power between Congress and the presidency, the Supreme Court on Monday heard arguments over whether to overturn Humphrey’s Executor, the 90-year-old precedent insulating independent agency officials from at-will removal. What To Know A Direct Challenge To A 90-Year Precedent At the very heart of this matter is whether the Court should narrow or overturn Humphrey’s Executor (1935), the longstanding precedent that permits Congress to limit the president’s ability to remove commissioners of independent agencies such as the Federal Trade Commission (FTC). “You’re asking us to destroy the structure of government and to take away from Congress its ability to protect its idea that the government is better structured with some agencies that are independent,” she said. Sauer offered reassurance: “The sky will not fall,” he said, adding, “The entire government will move toward accountability to the people.” The exchange underscored the divide between justices who view removal protections as essential to preserving congressional design and those who see such limits as incompatible with Article II – which creates the presidency and gives the president the power to run the executive branch, while also setting limits and rules for how that power must be used. Justice Elena Kagan earlier noted that the Solicitor General’s argument rested on the premise that the Vesting Clause gives “all of the executive power to the president,” a proposition that, she suggested, raised questions about what limits, if any, would remain. Slaughter: “Humphrey's Executor is just a dried husk of whatever people used to think it was...” What Happens Next The justices will now meet privately to take an initial vote, after which the senior justice in the majority will assign the opinion and the justices will begin drafting and revising their positions—a process that can take months, especially in a major separation-of-powers case. The ruling will immediately shape the president’s power to remove the heads of independent agencies, affect ongoing disputes involving bodies like the NLRB and MSPB, and prompt rapid adjustments within the executive branch and potentially in Congress, depending on how broadly the Court reshapes the balance of authority between the branches.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/red-sox-prioritizing-182m-star-after-whiffing-on-kyle-schwarber-report-11182657
Article: "Though Red Sox chief baseball officer Craig Breslow suggested a general desire to add a true middle-of-the-order power hitter, people familiar with the club’s thinking believe that Bregman is near or at the top of the list of targets," Speier wrote. "The combination of his offensive fit at Fenway, his excellent defense at a premium position, his clubhouse leadership, and his familiarity with the organization — potentially minimizing transitional challenges in a new environment — point to significant interest on the part of the team in a reunion following the 31-year-old’s All-Star campaign in Boston in 2025." Retaining Bregman should have been the Red Sox's top priority for the entire offseason.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nfl/terry-bradshaw-makes-surprising-confession-about-steelers-mike-tomlin-11182505
Article: Terry Bradshaw spent his entire 14-year NFL career as a quarterback for the Pittsburgh Steelers and is widely regarded as one of the best players in franchise history, leading the team to four Super Bowls and earning induction into the Hall of Fame in 1989. “You know, I’ve never met Mike Tomlin, but I know one thing: he is an outstanding, phenomenal coach,” Bradshaw said following the Steelers’ win over the Baltimore Ravens on Sunday. Maybe everybody’ll leave you alone and respect you for what you’ve accomplished in the great city of Pittsburgh.” More news: Shedeur Sanders’ Breakout Forces Browns to Shift QB Plans, per ESPN Analyst ... More news: Vikings WR Justin Jefferson Involved in Sideline Incident With Team Security You’d think that one of the greatest QBs in Steelers history—potentially the greatest—would have met a coach who’s been running the show for the last 18-plus years. His name never even pops into my mind when we think about coaches in the NFL.” Bradshaw has seemingly softened his tone this season, yet with Pittsburgh sitting at 7-6 overall, Tomlin is once again seen as a coach potentially on the hot seat.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/astros-ace-projected-to-sign-5-year-140m-deal-after-controversial-season-11181609
Article: "Valdez’s Arsenal Score projects him as a $28.1 million AAV pitcher, placing him squarely in the top tier of starting pitchers when evaluated through pitch quality, movement traits, and usage-weighted impact," Donohue wrote. "While age and perceived personality concerns may pull his market slightly below the absolute ceiling, his combination of reliability, innings volume, and elite results still justifies a nine-figure commitment." There are plenty of teams in the league that will likely be aggressive in the Valdez sweepstakes.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/mlb/phillies-source-reveals-obvious-reason-for-150m-kyle-schwarber-deal-insider-11182389
Article: On Tuesday, three-time All-Star designated hitter Kyle Schwarber reportedly agreed to a five-year, $150 million deal to stay in Philadelphia, where he'd been since the start of the 2022 season. Many other teams were pursuing the slugger, per ESPN's Jeff Passan, but the only other offer with a confirmed dollar amount was from the Pittsburgh Pirates, at four years and close to $120 million. Plus, Schwarber was the winner of the Phillies' Major League Community Service Award this year for his work with Schwarber's Heroes, his charity that supports police, firefighters, members of the armed forces, and their families.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/mets-open-to-trading-all-star-pitcher-after-roller-coaster-season-report-11182526
Article: The Athletic's Will Sammon and Tim Britton recently reported that the Mets were open to trading starting pitcher David Peterson in a "need for need" deal that sends big league talent to both sides of the trade. "In what Mets president of baseball operations David Stearns has described as a 'pretty active' trade market, left-hander David Peterson is generating interest, according to league sources," Sammon and Britton wrote. "The Mets are open to moving the 2025 All-Star if they could find the right fit in a need-for-need type trade, similar to the one they made earlier this winter in swapping Brandon Nimmo for Marcus Semien." The Mets could find a contending team around the league that's willing to give Peterson a shot in exchange for some solid big league talent.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/sports/college/eric-morris-unt-not-coaching-bowl-game/287-a7e162e5-b541-4361-9b09-f68eb0927a25
Article: DENTON, Texas — Former North Texas head coach Eric Morris, who recently accepted the head coaching role at Oklahoma State, will not coach the Mean Green in their bowl game, the university announced on Tuesday. “After several thoughtful conversations with Coach Eric Morris over the past week, we mutually agreed that with his impending transition to Oklahoma State, the best path forward for both programs is for Eric to turn his full attention to his new role in Stillwater," UNT Vice President and Director of Athletics Jared Mosely said in a statement. Under Coach Morris’ leadership, Mean Green Football delivered back-to-back bowl seasons, an American Conference championship game appearance, and an 11-win regular season, the first in our program’s history." North Texas announced its next head coach will be former West Virginia head coach Neal Brown, but he will not lead the Mean Green in their bowl game.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/crime/north-texas-mother-her-boyfriend-arrested-after-3-year-old-child-hospitalized-unresponsive-in-critical-condition/287-e00db45c-fcef-4e09-acc1-a03bf25dbda5
Article: "He should have been protected and now he was murdered." Chelsea Berg, 30, was previously arrested for injury to a child, and Christopher Alexander, 30, the boyfriend of the toddler's mother, was previously arrested for injury to a child and tampering with physical evidence. She wrote," You’re reckless… he is progressively getting more and more hurt with you," later saying, “You’re dangerous.” A little over a week later, Berg sent additional texts saying in part, "You being in my life is quite literally a threat to my son... In an interview with police, Berg said Alexander didn't provide further explanation for what happened and that the child didn't have the injuries when she'd left for work, according to the affidavit.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cy5g0d64k0qo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: MI5 under increased scrutiny amid growing distrust 26 minutes ago Share Save Daniel De Simone Investigations correspondent Share Save Pacemaker Press IRA spy Stakeknife was revealed to be west Belfast man Freddie Scappaticci, who died in 2023. In 2023, the public inquiry into the Manchester Arena bombing – which killed 22 people – found that MI5's senior corporate witness had given inaccurate evidence about the key intelligence it held on the bomber before the attack. Earlier this year, MI5 was forced to apologise after the BBC proved it gave false evidence to three courts in a case concerning a neo-Nazi state informant known as Agent X. MI5 then tried to withhold further damning material from the High Court, and its third-in-command gave an inaccurate account of what had happened to senior judges, leading to the prime minister ordering a new investigation. Jon Boutcher, Police Service of Northern Ireland chief constable, says he thinks that MI5 has an issue with its approach to legacy cases in Northern Ireland and that things must change. As with Operation Kenova, that evidence frequently relates to matters of life and death, but also cases concerning people whose British citizenship has been stripped or people whose liberties have been removed. However, as things stand, the duty will not apply in the same way to MI5 and intelligence agencies, with individual MI5 officers not subjected to the duty, unlike people who work for organisations like the police. Another big issue for the government and MI5 is the refusal to allow Kenova to name the agent Stakeknife, despite repeated requests to do so, with the consequence that much of what was uncovered cannot be publicly described in case it identifies the agent. MI5 justifies the ban with reference to its core 'neither confirm nor deny' (NCND) secrecy policy, which has long been presented in a public as a monolithic principle that cannot be deviated from. But in the neo-Nazi Agent X case, MI5 was forced to abandon NCND and confirm the man at the centre of the case was a state informant, after the BBC proved it had told me the man was an agent when it was trying to cover for him. Last year, Kenova recommended that the government should review, codify and define the proper limits of the NCND policy as it relates to the identification of agents and its application in the context of Northern Ireland legacy cases.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c5yq54z18d4o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Autistic man starts new job after Waitrose rejection 9 hours ago Share Save Kevin Fitzpatrick North West reporter Share Save BBC There was a public outcry when Waitrose dispensed with Tom Boyd's services in October An autistic man who was told he had to stop stacking shelves at the Waitrose supermarket where he had volunteered for four years is now beginning a paid job at Asda. The public outcry when she shared the story on social media in October led to Tom being offered paid employment at Asda, before Waitrose then also offered to pay him in a role he will start in the new year. Frances said: "He got his uniform on the weekend so he's very excited about his new job." Frances Boyd has met with the government Minister for Social Security and Disability to discuss Tom's story Tom, whose autism means he needs a support worker, had volunteered for more than 600 hours at Waitrose in Cheadle before his role was ended by head office in the summer. Frances said: "We made it very exciting that we had some good news and that he's got a job as a 'working man' at Asda and he was very happy. "He's very happy about going back to Waitrose as well because he knows it so well." 'Chance to shine' Waitrose said it was "delighted" Tom has accepted its offer of paid employment and is looking forward to welcoming him to start in January. An Asda spokesperson said: "When we heard about Tom's story and his determination to find meaningful work, we knew he would be a great addition to Asda and we're so pleased that he's now joined the team at our Cheadle Hulme store. "Giving people with additional needs the chance to shine is something we're passionate about, because we've seen how much it benefits our colleagues and customers." Frances has met with Stephen Timms, government Minister for Social Security and Disability since the family went public with Tom's story. However, she added: "He took into consideration all our points, but I'm not sure he was in the position to be able to tell us that it would open back up." A Department of Work and Pensions spokesperson said: "We are delighted that Tom is starting paid work, and we wish him all the best for the future." They said the government was "investing" £1bn a year in employment support by the end of the decade to help sick, disabled, or neurodivergent people move into good, secure jobs.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/football/articles/c04vq6ldv6lo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Infantino and Trump stood side by side during the glittering ceremony at the Kennedy Center for next year's tournament, which takes place in the US, Canada and Mexico from 11 June-19 July. As well as a large golden trophy, Trump received a medal and certificate from Infantino, who said "this is what we want from a leader" and "you can always count, Mr President, on my support" during a speech that followed a video before the presentation. During an interview in November at the American Business Forum in Miami, Infantino also added: "We should all support what [Trump] is doing [in the US] because I think it's looking pretty good." FairSquare also alleged a video post by Infantino on Instagram in January - following his invite to Trump's inauguration - "indicates support for President Trump's political agenda". "More broadly this is about how Fifa's absurd governance structure has allowed Gianni Infantino to openly flout the organisation's rules and act in ways that are both dangerous and directly contrary to the interests of the world's most popular sport."

Link: https://www.nytimes.com/video/us/100000010565397/somali-americans-citizenship-proof-ice-raids.html
Article: “Before, carrying my passport around, I had a feeling of pride, and now I’m carrying it and it has a lot of darkness around it because now I’m just like, ‘I just want to get home safe to my kids.’” We’re in Minneapolis, days after the Trump administration directed ICE to begin targeting and arresting undocumented Somali migrants in the city. “To have the president of the United States say these things, I think it feels like I definitely don’t belong.” Minnesota is home to around 80,000 Somalis, many of whom were either born here or have been here for decades. I have served in the Army National Guard for six years, and I was elected as the first person of color, the first Muslim, the first Somali, the first of many things, to serve in the City Council in New Brighton. When the president speaks with such vile racist remarks, you feel like you lost some of that American values that this country had.” Back at the clinic, Munira says the fear is also affecting her patients. People are choosing to stay home.” The Department of Homeland Security says ICE has arrested at least 19 people in Minneapolis since the raids began, including at least eight Somali nationals accused of serious crimes.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/suspect-shooting-jets-player-kris-boyd-arrested-charged/story?id=128236666
Article: Suspect in shooting of Jets player Kris Boyd arrested and charged: Officials Cornerback Kris Boyd #17 of the Houston Texans looks on during the game between the Houston Texans vs the New York Jets at MetLife Stadium, Oct. Marshals New York/New Jersey Regional Fugitive Task Force -- comprised of federal, state and local law enforcement members -- said in a statement that it worked with New York police detectives "to locate and arrest the suspect, who fled the scene following the shooting." Boyd, 29, was shot in the abdomen around 2 a.m. Kyle Mazza/Anadolu via Getty Images The shooting appeared to have stemmed from an exchange of words between Boyd, who was with two other Jets players and a friend, and another group "chirping" about their clothes, police sources told ABC News. "Sincerely appreciate everyone!" Boyd was released from the hospital a few days after being shot, but was forced to briefly return to the hospital due to "health issues," he wrote in an Instagram post. Earlier in the investigation, police released two images of a person of interest in the case, but it was not clear on Tuesday whether it was the same person who was arrested in Buffalo.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/us-sanctions-network-recruiting-colombian-fighters-sudanese-paramilitary-128249439
Article: has imposed sanctions on four people and four firms for allegedly recruiting former Colombian military members to train soldiers for Sudan's Rapid Support Forces FILE - Women displaced from El-Fasher stand in line to receive food aid at the newly established El-Afadh camp in Al Dabbah, in Sudan's Northern State, Nov. (AP Photo/Marwan Ali, File) FILE - Women displaced from El-Fasher stand in line to receive food aid at the newly established El-Afadh camp in Al Dabbah, in Sudan's Northern State, Nov. imposed sanctions on four people and four firms for their alleged involvement in a transnational network that recruits former Colombian military members who train soldiers to fight for the Sudanese paramilitary group known as the Rapid Support Forces. The Rapid Support Forces, which has been at war with the Sudanese military since April 2023 has been accused of war crimes by Amnesty International and the UN’s Human Rights Chief Volker Türk said this month that he fears “ a new wave of atrocities ” in Sudan amid a surge in fierce fighting in the Kordofan region in central Sudan. Included in the Tuesday sanctions are Alvaro Andres Quijano Becerra, a retired Colombian military officer and his wife, an employment agency manager named Mateo Andres Duque Botero, and a number of staffing agencies that have allegedly processed payroll for the Colombian fighters. the conflict in Sudan has killed 40,000 people — though some rights groups say the death toll is significantly higher — and has created the world’s worst humanitarian crisis with over 14 million displaced.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/bronx-man-charged-shooting-new-york-jets-kris-128252933
Article: A 20-year-old Bronx man has been charged with attempted murder in the shooting of New York Jets’ player Kris Boyd Bronx man charged in shooting of New York Jets' Kris Boyd By The Associated Press FILE - New York Jets cornerback Kris Boyd takes part in an NFL football training camp, July 23, 2025, in Florham Park, N.J.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/400-immigrant-children-detained-longer-recommended-limit-ice-128248825
Article: Legal advocates concerned over the prolonged detention of immigrant children in federal custody are sounding the alarm before the federal court FILE - Unaccompanied migrant children watch television from inside a playpen at the U.S. In a court filing Monday evening, attorneys for detainees highlighted the government's own admissions to longer custody times for immigrant children, unsanitary conditions reported by families and monitors at federal facilities, and a renewed reliance on hotels for detention. The reports were filed as part of an ongoing civil lawsuit launched in 1985 that led to the creation of the 1990s cornerstone policy known as the Flores Settlement Agreement, which limits the time children can spend in federal custody and requires them to be kept in safe and sanitary conditions. Hotel use for temporary detention is allowed by the federal court for up to 72 hours, but attorneys questioned the government's data, which they believe did not fully explain why children were held longer than three days in hotel rooms. “Children get diarrhea, heartburn, stomach aches, and they give them food that literally has worms in it," one person with a family staying at the facility in Dilley wrote in a declaration submitted to the court. District Judge Dolly Gee of the Central District of California is scheduled to have a hearing on the reports next week, where she could decide if the court needs to intervene.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/planned-appearance-venezuelan-opposition-leader-called-off-eve-128244019
Article: A planned news conference by Venezuelan opposition leader and Nobel Peace Prize winner María Corina Machado has been canceled after a several-hour delay, a day before Wednesday's award ceremony in Oslo Planned appearance by Venezuelan opposition leader called off on eve of Nobel Peace ceremony FILE - Opposition leader Maria Corina Machado displays vote tally sheets during a protest against the reelection of President Nicolas Maduro one month after the disputed presidential vote which she says the opposition won by a landslide, in Caracas, Venezuela, Wednesday, Aug. (AP Photo/Ariana Cubillos, file) FILE - Opposition leader Maria Corina Machado displays vote tally sheets during a protest against the reelection of President Nicolas Maduro one month after the disputed presidential vote which she says the opposition won by a landslide, in Caracas, Venezuela, Wednesday, Aug. (AP Photo/Ariana Cubillos, file) OSLO, Norway -- A planned news conference on Tuesday by Venezuelan opposition leader and Nobel Peace Prize winner María Corina Machado was canceled after a several-hour delay, a day before the award ceremony in Oslo. But the lunchtime event was delayed without explanation, until the Norwegian Nobel Institute said three hours after the scheduled time that “it will not take place today.” “María Corina Machado has herself stated in interviews how challenging the journey to Oslo, Norway, will be,” the institute said in an email. "We therefore cannot at this point provide any further information about when and how she will arrive for the Nobel Peace Prize ceremony." The institute did not specify whether the news conference would take place at a later point. 10, and she was described as a woman “who keeps the flame of democracy burning amid a growing darkness.” Machado won the opposition’s primary election and intended to run against President Nicolás Maduro in last year’s presidential election, but the government barred her from running for office.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/west-african-bloc-region-state-emergency-after-surge-128239575
Article: A leader of the West African regional bloc says coups and attempted coups have left the region in a state of emergency West African bloc says region is in a state of emergency after surge in coups By DYEPKAZAH SHIBAYAN Associated Press and WILSON MCMAKIN Associated Press FILE - Omar Touray, president of the ECOWAS Commission, left, Gambia's President Adama Barrow,, center and Nigeria Minister of Foreign Affairs, Yusuf Tuggar pose for a photo, prior to the start of the ECOWAS meeting in Abuja, Nigeria, Sunday, June 22, 2025. (AP Photo/Olamikan Gbemiga, file) FILE - Omar Touray, president of the ECOWAS Commission, left, Gambia's President Adama Barrow,, center and Nigeria Minister of Foreign Affairs, Yusuf Tuggar pose for a photo, prior to the start of the ECOWAS meeting in Abuja, Nigeria, Sunday, June 22, 2025. (AP Photo/Olamikan Gbemiga, file) ABUJA, Nigeria -- Coups and attempted coups in West Africa, along with escalating security challenges, have left the region in a state of emergency, a leader of the regional bloc said Tuesday. Omar Touray, president of the Economic Community of West African States Commission, spoke to the bloc’s mediation and security council two days after a failed coup attempt in Benin, the latest in a string of military takeovers and attempted takeovers. “Events of the last few weeks have shown the imperative of serious introspection on the future of our democracy and the urgent need to invest in the security of our community,” Touray said. “Faced with this situation, Excellencies, it is safe to declare that our community is in a state of emergency.” It was not immediately clear whether his declaration was a formal one and what it might entail. Touray's declaration may be an attempt to restore credibility for the bloc following a threatened but never acted-on intervention following a coup in Niger in 2023, said Ulf Laessing, head of the Sahel program at the Konrad Adenauer Foundation.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/wireStory/opponents-trump-backed-redistricting-missouri-submit-petition-force-128245538
Article: Opponents of Missouri’s new congressional map have submitted thousands of petition signatures calling for a statewide referendum on the plan backed by President Donald Trump An opponent of new Missouri congressional districts approved by the Republican-led legislature holds signs outside the secretary of state's office in Jefferson City, Missouri, on Tuesday, Dec. -- Opponents of Missouri's new congressional map submitted thousands of petition signatures Tuesday calling for a statewide referendum on a redistricting plan backed by President Donald Trump as part of his quest to hold on to a slim Republican majority in next year's elections. Organizers of the petition drive said they turned in more than 300,000 signatures to the secretary of state's office — well more than the roughly 110,000 needed to suspend the new U.S. But if the signatures hold up, the referendum could create a significant obstacle for Republicans who hope the new districts could help them win a currently Democratic-held seat in the Kansas City area in the November election. “At the end of the day, these are going to have to get counted, and people are going to vote on this,” said Richard von Glahn, executive director of People Not Politicians, which sponsored the referendum drive. Republicans could gain one seat each under new maps passed in Missouri and North Carolina and have an improved chance at taking two additional seats under a new Ohio congressional map. Organizations supporting the Republican redistricting have attempted to pay people up to $30,000 to quit gathering petition signatures, according to a lawsuit filed by Advanced Micro Targeting Inc., a company hired by People Not Politicians. Hoskins, the secretary of state, contends he cannot legally count about 100,000 petition signatures gathered in the one-month span between legislative passage of the redistricting bill and his approval of the referendum petition's format, but can only count those gathered after that. Although a federal judge dismissed that suit Monday, the judge noted that Hoskins has “the power to declare the petition unconstitutional himself,” which would likely trigger a new court case.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/wireStory/long-islands-bruce-blakeman-running-governor-challenge-stefanik-128239513
Article: Republican Nassau County Executive Bruce Blakeman is running for governor of New York Long Island's Bruce Blakeman is running for governor, will challenge Stefanik in Republican primary By ANTHONY IZAGUIRRE Associated Press and PHILIP MARCELO Associated Press Bruce Blakeman, a Republican county official in New York's City's suburbs, announced Tuesday that he's running for governor, setting up a primary clash with fellow Trump ally U.S. Blakeman’s candidacy kicks off what is expected to be a heated Republican contest against Stefanik, a conservative from northern New York who President Donald Trump picked to be his U.N. They’re both great people." Stefanik's campaign assailed Blakeman as a weak candidate who has a record of “supporting corrupt Far Left Democrats.” Its statement called him “an early Christmas present to Kathy Hochul as he works to blow Republicans’ best chance to win.” Democrats enjoy a strong voter registration advantage in New York, but next year’s race for governor is expected to be one of the nation’s most watched contests. As the county executive, Blakeman has pushed through a policy that bans transgender athletes from using county sports facilities, created a volunteer law enforcement unit that his critics have labeled a militia and directed county detectives to work alongside federal authorities in Trump’s immigration crackdown. Nassau’s first Jewish county executive, he also signed a local ban on wearing face masks in public except for health or religious reasons, a measure that critics complain is aimed at cracking down on pro-Palestine demonstrations. There’s a reason: just like Donald Trump, he takes money out of New Yorkers’ pockets and squeezes working families at every turn.” Both Blakeman and Stefanik now frame themselves as candidates who could appeal to moderate Democrats as well as Republicans, even though both have adopted the brash political rhetoric of Trump, who remains unpopular in New York.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/wireStory/georgia-republican-john-kennedy-resigns-state-senate-campaign-128248341
Article: A Georgia Senate leader is resigning from the state legislature to focus on his Republican campaign for lieutenant governor Georgia Republican John Kennedy resigns from state senate to campaign for lieutenant governor ATLANTA -- A Georgia Senate leader announced Tuesday he's resigning from the legislature to focus on his Republican campaign for lieutenant governor. Aside from being unable to campaign full-time, if he kept serving the state Senate, Kennedy would not be allowed to raise campaign funds during the legislative session that typically runs from January to April. Brian Kemp will call a special election to fill the seat in Senate District 18, which includes parts of Macon-Bibb county in middle Georgia, but that election will likely happen during the state's legislative session.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Technology/wireStory/south-carolinas-abandoned-nuclear-plants-revived-company-offers-128247976
Article: -- South Carolina’s stalled nuclear power project could finally finish construction as a private company has offered to pay $2.7 billion to the state-owned utility and a small share of the power if they can reach an agreement to get the two reactors up and running. The deal would also let Brookfield keep at least 75% of the power generated by the new plant that they could mostly sell to whom they want, such as energy-gobbling data centers. Either side can pull out of the deal, although Brookfield did agree to pay Santee Cooper's costs both for sorting through the more than 70 bids for the project and the talks as both sides hammer out the final agreement. The unfinished, weathered concrete and metal tower of at least one plant sits not far from the working reactor that has been running 1984 at the rural site about 20 miles (32 kilometers) up the Broad River from Columbia. If the $2.7 billion payment goes through, most of Santee Cooper's debt from the nuclear debacle would be erased, utility CEO Jimmy Staton said at Monday's board meeting where the proposal was unanimously approved. The permits to build and the licenses to operate the nuclear plants will need to be renewed, likely starting from scratch, said Tom Clements, executive director of the nuclear watchdog group Savannah River Site Watch.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Technology/wireStory/uk-sanctions-russian-chinese-firms-suspected-malign-actors-128250547
Article: Britain has announced sanctions against several Russian media and ideas organizations UK sanctions Russian and Chinese firms suspected of being 'malign actors' in information warfare Secretary of State Marco Rubio, right, walks with Britain's Foreign Secretary Yvette Cooper at the State Department, Monday, Dec. (AP Photo/Mark Schiefelbein) LONDON -- Britain announced sanctions against Russian media and ideas outlets on Tuesday as the U.K's top diplomat warned Western nations must raise their game to combat information warfare from “malign foreign states.” Foreign Secretary Yvette Cooper said the U.K. was imposing sanctions on the microblogging Telegram channel Rybar, the Foundation for the Support and Protection of the Rights of Compatriots Living Abroad — described by Estonian intelligence as a front for the GRU spy agency — and the Center for Geopolitical Expertise, a think-tank run by far-right Russian writer Aleksandr Dugin. In a speech at the Foreign Office in London, Cooper said Britain and its allies face escalating “hybrid threats … designed to weaken critical national infrastructure, undermine our interests and interfere in our democracies.” “We should call this out for what it is: Russian information warfare. She said threats include physical attacks such as sabotage as well as disinformation campaigns “flooding social media with generative AI and manipulated videos” aimed at undermining Western support for Ukraine’s resistance to Russian invasion. British officials point to fake websites and political ads during Moldova’s recent election and fake news sites carrying videos with false claims about Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy and his wife designed to undermine support for Ukraine. Cooper delivered her speech to mark 100 years since the signing of the Locarno Treaties, a set of agreements among European nations that bolstered peace in Europe after World War I.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/09/cramer-sees-any-nvidia-sales-of-h200-chips-in-china-as-a-pure-bonus.html
Article: Nvidia shares were not doing much on Tuesday as Wall Street failed to see the bigger picture of how the company can benefit from finally getting the green light from the U.S. The H200s are not Nvidia's state-of-the-art chips, but they are more powerful than the throttled-down H20 chips, which were made specifically for the Chinese market to comply with export bans that previously restricted the export of H100s and later the H200s. While the updated regulation does allow Chinese buyers to upgrade to a system significantly more powerful and efficient than previously available, the move still keeps the world's second-largest economy a step behind the U.S., limiting it to the Hopper architecture ecosystem. The latest chips shipping from Nvidia are the second generation of the Blackwell architecture, the successor to Hopper, and we expect to see production of the next-generation Rubin architecture start to ramp in the back half of 2026. Jim Cramer said the answer is yes, adding that Tuesday's modest drop in Nvidia stock is not in keeping with what the company plans to do in China over the long term. "There is a belief that the Chinese, including the government, are going to encourage writing, coding on Nvidia's chips because they are far stronger and better" than what's available to them domestically, Jim explained during Tuesday's Morning Meeting for Club members. The Chinese want this badly." Jim said that any reports to the contrary are not true, refuting a Financial Times article saying the Chinese government does not want to encourage Nvidia adoption — the idea being to protect China's chip manufacturers and foster domestic development to compete with U.S. chip designers, rather than build an AI industry dependent on the ecosystem of an American crown jewel, which is forever at risk of becoming a political football whenever tensions between the two nations flare up. If there's anything to understand over the past year, even with the breakthrough of the Chinese DeepSeek artificial intelligence model that tossed the global AI trade into turmoil in early 2025, it's that the ability to scale computing power is what drives innovation. If it limits the usage of H200s, it might be able to accelerate the development of better domestically designed chips, but it will certainly be limiting its own progress in domestically coding and training large language models (LLMs). Rather, we think the Chinese government is likely to allow the usage of H200s, while also supporting the advancement of its domestic chip market, even if that does risk Chinese developers becoming more deeply ingrained in the Nvidia ecosystem. According to analysts at Wells Fargo, the easing of export restrictions announced Monday could add 60 to 70 cents to EPS estimates based on additional revenue of $25 billion to $30 billion. Remember, this is not an expensive stock by any means." Based on Nvidia's full fiscal year 2027, corresponding to calendar year 2026, the LSEG consensus estimate calls EPS of $7.62, which means the stock at around $185 per share trades at a price-to-earnings (P/E) multiple of about 24 times forward earnings projections. With Nvidia, investors may be paying a slight P/E premium to the overall market – 24 times versus 22 times – but you're getting a significantly better earnings growth outlook than you do with the average stock as measured by the S & P 500 — 31% CAGR versus 13.7. While critics may want to downplay it, on the view that China will look to pressure domestic players to increase the pace of innovation, it's all financial upside as far as we're concerned. If Beijing does push back, well, shares still look too cheap from our perspective because there is still plenty of demand outside of China to drive earnings growth at Nvidia in the years to come. See here for a full list of the stocks.) As a subscriber to the CNBC Investing Club with Jim Cramer, you will receive a trade alert before Jim makes a trade.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/video/newsfeed/2025/12/9/sudan-militia-leader-sentenced-to-20-years-for-war-crimes-by-icc?traffic_source=rss
Article: Sudan militia leader sentenced to 20 years for war crimes by ICC NewsFeed Sudan militia leader sentenced to 20 years for war crimes by ICC ICC judges sentenced former Janjaweed militia leader Ali Muhammad Ali Abd-Al-Rahman to 20 years in prison for war crimes and crimes against humanity in Sudan’s Darfur region.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/9/nobel-institute-calls-off-machado-press-conference-ahead-of-award-ceremony?traffic_source=rss
Article: The Norwegian Nobel Institute cancelled the event, as it was unclear whether the Venezuelan opposition leader – whose whereabouts remain unclear – would be able to collect her award in person. The Nobel Committee awarded the prize to Machado for her fight against what it described as the dictatorial rule of Nicolas Maduro, who has been president of Venezuela since 2013. “Maria Corina Machado has herself stated in interviews how challenging the journey to Oslo, Norway, will be,” said the Nobel Institute in an email to the Associated Press news agency. “We therefore cannot at this point provide any further information about when and how she will arrive for the Nobel Peace Prize ceremony.” The institute did not specify whether the news conference would take place at a later point. Machado’s spokesperson did not immediately respond to questions about her location and planned attendance at the award ceremony, which will take place on Wednesday at 1pm local time (12:00 GMT) at Oslo’s City Hall. She has accused Maduro of stealing the July 2024 election she was banned from standing in, despite having won the opposition’s primary by a landslide, a claim backed by much of the international community. “By being outside Venezuela and having numerous criminal investigations, she is considered a fugitive,” Saab told the AFP news agency, adding that Machado is accused of “acts of conspiracy, incitement of hatred, [and] terrorism”. While she has been hailed by many for her efforts to bring democracy to Venezuela, she has also been criticised by others for aligning herself with United States President Donald Trump, to whom she dedicated her Nobel Prize. The Oslo ceremony coincides with a large US military build-up in the Caribbean in recent weeks, and several deadly strikes on what Washington says are drug smuggling boats in the region.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/sports/2025/12/9/real-madrid-vs-man-city-champions-league-preview-teams-start-lineups?traffic_source=rss
Article: Who: Real Madrid vs Manchester City What: UEFA Champions League Where: Santiago Bernabeu in Madrid, Spain When: Wednesday, December 10, at 9pm (20:00 GMT) How to follow: We’ll have all the buildup on Al Jazeera Sport from 17:00 GMT in advance of our text commentary stream. Real Madrid manager Xabi Alonso faces mounting pressure before Wednesday’s Champions League group-stage meeting against Pep Guardiola’s Manchester City, but the Spaniard was confident the team could turn their poor form around. Alonso, a former Real Madrid and Spain midfielder, took over from Carlo Ancelotti at the end of last season, but has struggled to impress with a side that also underachieved last season. It left the club second in La Liga with 36 points, four behind leaders Barcelona, while Los Blancos have now only won two of their last seven matches across all competitions. If Mbappe is unable to play against City on Wednesday, it would be a big blow for coach Xabi Alonso, with Spanish media reporting that a defeat would lead to his dismissal. It’s a challenge that we must rise to.” Real Madrid vs Man City never disappoints 🍿#UCL pic.twitter.com/G2SN3Uaoqi — UEFA Champions League (@ChampionsLeague) December 5, 2025 Is Alonso’s position at Real Madrid truly under threat? “To reverse the disappointment, which is normal, all we’re thinking about now is City.” Guardiola offers support to former employee Alonso In between managing Barcelona and Manchester City, Guardiola coached Bayern Munich, where Alonso was a player for his fellow Spaniard. Since coaching at Barcelona, I wanted the team to grow from October and then see what happens and how it ends.” Advertisement Stat attack – Mbappe vs Haaland Mbappe’s absence would be a significant blow for Alonso’s team, with the Frenchman leading both the LaLiga and Champions League scoring charts this season. Last season, in the knockout playoffs in February, Mbappe scored four times, including a hat-trick in the second leg as Madrid beat Man City in both games, despite Haaland’s two goals in the first leg. Head-to-head Wednesday’s clash will be the 13th meeting between the clubs in the past decade, a rivalry that has intensified as Real and City combined to claim three of the last four Champions League titles. Real won the competition in 2022 and 2024, beating City en route to both titles, while the English side lifted their maiden Champions League trophy in 2023 after overcoming the Spanish club in the semifinal that year. Real Madrid team news Real Madrid’s French superstar Kylian Mbappe did not come out to train with his teammates on Tuesday on the eve of his team’s key Champions League clash against City. The forward broke a finger during the defeat by Celta Vigo in La Liga on Sunday, and Madrid have said his absence from training was because of that injury, but also other discomfort he suffered in that match. Predicted Real Madrid starting lineup Courtois; Valverde, Asencio, Rudiger, Carreras; Tchouameni, Ceballos; Guler, Bellingham, Vinicius Jr; Garcia Predicted Manchester City starting lineup Donnarumma; Nunes, Dias, Gvardiol, O’Reilly; Gonzalez; Cherki, Reijnders, Foden, Doku; Haaland

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/wrestling/wwe-star-shockingly-lost-92-of-their-matches-this-year-11183003
Article: While the year will largely be defined by John Cena’s historic farewell tour—including his 17th World Championship victory and surprising Intercontinental Title win—Tonga Loa will likely want to forget the last 12 months entirely. On that night, his faction, The MFTs (consisting of Solo Sikoa, JC Mateo, Talla Tonga, Tama Tonga, and Loa), won a "Survivor Series"-style 10-man tag team elimination match against the team of Sami Zayn, Shinsuke Nakamura, Rey Fenix, and the Motor City Machine Guns (Alex Shelley and Chris Sabin). Often used to take the fall in multi-man matches involving The Bloodline or The MFTs, he has struggled to establish himself as a winning competitor in singles or traditional tag team action.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/red-sox-fan-favorites-free-agent-market-taking-shape-insider-11182589
Article: Though Boston's biggest priority for the rest of the offseason likely will be to retain Alex Bregman, the star third baseman is not the only free agent the team will pursue. He has been used primarily against left-handed pitchers by the Red Sox, mashing nine home runs while driving in 30 runs this season, and will be pursued by multiple teams in free agency. "There has long been mutual interest in a reunion between the Red Sox and veteran outfielder Rob Refsnyder, who has become one of the club’s leaders in recent years," McAdam wrote Monday. Though the Red Sox are likely to pursue top free agents this offseason like Pete Alonso, the team should make it a priority to sign Refsnyder before another team poaches the veteran outfielder.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/state/dallas-county-gops-plan-to-hand-count-primary-ballots-will-prevent-countywide-voting-on-election-day/287-bed9f503-ebf4-4db6-b88c-1d7aab88054d
Article: Dallas County Republicans say they’re planning to go ahead with hand-counting tens of thousands of Election Day ballots cast in the upcoming March 3 primary after raising more than $400,000 towards the effort. The county GOP party also said more than 1,000 people have signed up to count the ballots in an effort that would make the county the largest jurisdiction in the country to hand-count results on Election Day. “Not only are the eyes of Texas upon us, but the eyes of America,” said Dallas County Republican Party Chairman Allen West, a former congressman, in a social media statement Friday. West said the effort is meant to “restore confidence in our electoral process.” That decision means all Dallas County voters will have to cast ballots at their assigned precinct rather than at countywide vote centers on Election Day. But Dallas County Democratic Party Chairman Kardal Coleman said the requirement to vote in precincts rather than countywide vote centers means the party will now need to secure more than the usual 450 locations for Election Day and the additional workers to staff them. “It’s already causing chaos and confusion.” The county Republican party also must secure a minimum of 360 polling locations with the required space needed to conduct the hand count — fewer than the Democrats because Republicans are the minority party in Dallas County. According to a 2024 primary election final cost report Votebeat obtained from the Texas Secretary of State Office through a public records request, Dallas County Republicans employed more than 1,400 workers on Election Day at a cost of more than $248,000. When Republicans in Gillespie County hand-counted more than 8,000 ballots during the March 2024 primary, the party days later found they’d made errors in the tally of 12 out of 13 precincts’ totals.

Link: https://abc7news.com/post/wild-video-shows-truck-fly-off-overpass-crash-210-freeway-san-bernardino-county/18268059/
Article: Wild video shows truck fly off overpass and crash onto Southern California freeway A car's dashcam caught the terrifying moment a pickup truck went flying off an overpass and crashed onto the roadway below in San Bernardino County.

Link: https://www.npr.org/sections/goats-and-soda/2025/12/09/g-s1-101446/climate-change-heat-children-development
Article: In a study of nearly 20,000 kids, young children who experienced hotter temperatures than usual were less likely to meet basic developmental milestones than those living in nearby, but slightly cooler areas, researchers report in the Journal of Child Psychology and Psychiatry. "If we experience excessive stress without a buffer, that can lead to long-lasting impacts on brain and skill development." As temperatures rise around the globe, researchers are scrambling to study the impacts on human health. "But there was nothing about early childhood development." In the first few years of life, we develop key physical, cognitive and social skills that can shape the rest of our lives. To see if extreme heat impacted the development of these skills, Cuartas and his colleagues analyzed data for nearly 20,000 three- and four-year-olds from Gambia, Georgia, Madagascar, Malawi, Palestinian territories and Sierra Leone. Children living in areas where the average monthly high topped 86 degrees Fahrenheit at any time during their life were about five to seven percentage points less likely to be developmentally on track that children who lived in the same general area but experienced temps about 9 degrees cooler. "The study is well done and the findings consistent with a growing body of research that shows that early life exposure to climate extremes can have really lasting impacts on health and livelihoods." The study cannot say how extreme heat is causing these delays, but there are several theories.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/arts/raul-malo-soulful-tenor-and-frontman-of-the-mavericks-dies-at-60
Article: In September 2025, Malo said on Instagram that he was battling LMD, or leptomeningeal disease, a rare complication when cancer spreads to membranes that surround the brain and spinal cord. Now he will look down on us with all that heaven will allow, lighting the way and reminding us to savor every moment.” READ MORE: Steve Cropper, masterful guitarist and member of Stax Records’ Booker T and the M.G.’s, has died at age 84 Malo’s band praised his deep commitment to the “preservation of the multilingual American musical repertoire” and his steadfast championing of “music education as an inspiration for every child across America and throughout the world.” Born Raul Francisco Martínez-Malo Jr. “He was called to do another gig — this time in the sky — and he’s flying high like an eagle.” “I grew up in a household where we listened to all kinds of music,” Malo said in a 2020 NPR interview. “I just remember it was a celebration of all these cultures.” At that time, The Mavericks had just released an all-Spanish album, “En Español,” featuring original songs and classic Latin American standards. In 2002, Malo released an all-Spanish album for children, “el Cancionero de la Familia Volume 1,” featuring vocals from his sister, Carol, wife, Betty, and mother, Norma, along with other guests. Malo put out a dozen or so solo albums and collaboration projects as well, including his instrumental “Say Less,” “You’re Only Lonely” and “Sinners & Saints.” The Mavericks released their 13th studio album, “Moon & Stars,” in 2024. Raul has a BMI award for songwriting, for “All You Ever Do Is Bring Me Down,” and was nominated for several solo Grammys, including one for his album “Lucky One” and another for his work with the Latin supergroup “Los Super Seven.” He is survived by his wife of 34 years, Betty; sons Dino, Victor, and Max, mother Norma, sister Carol, and Mavericks bandmates Paul Deakin, Eddie Perez, and Jerry Dale McFadden.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/video/judge-grants-justice-dept-motion-release-ghislaine-maxwell-128253087
Article: motion to release Ghislaine Maxwell grand jury materials A federal judge in Florida has granted the Trump administration’s motion to unseal grand jury transcripts from the initial federal investigation into Jeffrey Epstein in the mid-2000s.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Business/wireStory/us-job-openings-barely-budged-october-coming-below-128243573
Article: job openings barely budged in October, coming in at 7.7 million amid uncertainty over the direction of the American economy FILE - Applicants line up at a job fair at the Ocean Casino Resort in Atlantic City N.J., on April 11, 2022. The Job Openings and Labor Turnover Survey (JOLTS), which was delayed by the extended government shutdown, also showed that the layoffs rose to almost 1.9 million, most since January 2023. And the number of people quitting their jobs — a sign of confidence in the labor market — fell in October, suggesting that “businesses seeking to control labor costs will have to pivot to active layoffs, lifting unemployment, rather than rely on natural attrition,” Samuel Tombs, chief U.S. But the job market has looked shaky in recent months, and the Fed is expected to reduce its benchmark rate for the third time this year, though some policymakers might dissent.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Technology/wireStory/openai-names-slack-ceo-dresser-chief-revenue-chatgpt-128253805
Article: OpenAI has appointed Slack CEO Denise Dresser as its first chief of revenue OpenAI names Slack CEO Dresser as first chief of revenue as ChatGPT maker aims to make a profit FILE - The OpenAI logo is seen displayed on a cell phone in front of an image on a computer screen generated by ChatGPT's Dall-E text-to-image model, Friday, Dec. (AP Photo/Michael Dwyer, file) FILE - The OpenAI logo is seen displayed on a cell phone in front of an image on a computer screen generated by ChatGPT's Dall-E text-to-image model, Friday, Dec. (AP Photo/Michael Dwyer, file) SAN FRANCISCO -- OpenAI said Tuesday it has picked Slack CEO Denise Dresser as its first chief of revenue, a message to wary investors that the ChatGPT maker is serious about making a profit from its artificial intelligence technology. OpenAI said Dresser will oversee global revenue strategy and “will help more businesses put AI to work in their day-to-day operations.” Dresser had already spent more than a decade at Salesforce when the software pioneer announced in 2020 it was buying work-chatting service Slack for $27.7 billion. OpenAI CEO Sam Altman earlier this month set off a “code red” alert in an internal email to employees to improve its flagship product, ChatGPT, and delay other product developments. OpenAI first released its flagship product just over three years ago, sparking global fascination and a commercial boom in generative AI technology and giving the San Francisco-based startup an early lead. But the company, valued at $500 billion, doesn’t make a profit and has committed more than $1 trillion in financial obligations to the cloud computing providers and chipmakers it relies on to power its AI systems.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Entertainment/wireStory/raul-malo-soulful-tenor-frontman-mavericks-died-age-128243208
Article: Raul Malo, the soulful tenor and frontman of The Mavericks, has died at age 60 Raul Malo, the soulful tenor and frontman of The Mavericks, has died at age 60 FILE - Frontman Raul Malo, center, and The Mavericks perform during the Boston Pops Fireworks Spectacular in Boston on July 4, 2024. In September 2025, Malo said on Instagram that he was battling LMD, or leptomeningeal disease, a rare complication when cancer spreads to membranes that surround the brain and spinal cord. Now he will look down on us with all that heaven will allow, lighting the way and reminding us to savor every moment.” Malo’s band praised his deep commitment to the “preservation of the multilingual American musical repertoire” and his steadfast championing of “music education as an inspiration for every child across America and throughout the world.” Born Raul Francisco Martínez-Malo Jr. “I just remember it was a celebration of all these cultures.” At that time, The Mavericks had just released an all-Spanish album, “En Español,” featuring original songs and classic Latin American standards. In 2002, Malo released an all-Spanish album for children, “el Cancionero de la Familia Volume 1,” featuring vocals from his sister, Carol, wife, Betty, and mother, Norma, along with other guests. Malo put out a dozen or so solo albums and collaboration projects as well, including his instrumental “Say Less,” “You’re Only Lonely” and “Sinners & Saints.” The Mavericks released their 13th studio album, “Moon & Stars,” in 2024. Raul has a BMI award for songwriting, for “All You Ever Do Is Bring Me Down,” and was nominated for several solo Grammys, including one for his album “Lucky One” and another for his work with the Latin supergroup “Los Super Seven.” He is survived by his wife of 34 years, Betty; sons Dino, Victor, and Max, mother Norma, sister Carol, and Mavericks bandmates Paul Deakin, Eddie Perez, and Jerry Dale McFadden.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/09/openai-slack-ceo-denise-dresser-chief-revenue-officer.html
Article: "I've spent my career helping scale category-defining platforms, and I'm looking forward to bringing that experience to OpenAI as it enters its next phase of enterprise transformation," Dresser said in a statement. OpenAI kickstarted the generative AI boom with the launch of its chatbot ChatGPT three years ago, and it's quickly ballooned into one of the fastest-growing commercial entities on the planet.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/09/a-biotech-stock-for-investors-scared-to-invest-in-the-risky-industry.html
Article: "LGND's focus on 1) royalty aggregation of development/commercial-stage assets, 2) out-licensing of novel platforms, and 3) investments into mid-to late-stage clinical programs limits biotech's volatility by preventing concentration risk to any single name without restricting upside," the analyst added. "We expect Filspari and Ohtuvayre to each generate > $1B in sales in 2027, which we estimate would result in royalties from these two products equivalent to royalties generated by all assets in 2025 of ~$150M." Filspari slows kidney function decline in adults with primary IgA nephropathy, while Ohtuvayre treats patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/09/study-instacart-ai-pricing-cost-of-groceries.html
Article: The study, released Tuesday by Groundwork Collaborative, a progressive advocacy group, Consumer Reports and news organization More Perfect Union, enlisted 437 shoppers across four cities to add the same items to their carts within the Instacart app from the same store. The total cost for the same basket of goods at a single store varied by about 7%, which could amount to a "cost swing of about $1,200 per year," Groundwork said.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/09/trump-nvidia-china-ai-chips-gop-congress.html
Article: The agreement, which Trump announced in a Truth Social post Monday evening, would allow Nvidia to sell its H200 artificial intelligence chips to China on the condition that the U.S. "But if we want to beat China, I think we need to constrain their ability to leverage our own technology, and I think we would want to reduce their access to our hardware, not increase it." Hawley did not directly criticize Trump, and noted that the president is privy to more information about the situation than he is. Because the H200s are far better than what China can produce domestically, both in capability and scale, @nvidia selling these chips to China could help it catch up to America in total compute," the committee said in a statement on X. Beijing will use the H200s, which boast significantly more processing power and memory bandwidth than China's top chips, "to strengthen its military capabilities and totalitarian surveillance," the panel's statement said. "But we've got to know where it is, how they're using it, those sorts of things." But there is vocal support among both parties for slowing China's ability to obtain the world's best chips. Pete Ricketts, R-Neb., last week introduced bipartisan legislation that would direct the Trump administration to deny export licenses for advanced chips to China and other foreign adversaries for at least 30 months.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/09/2-bank-ceos-talk-up-the-consumer-plus-another-danaher-buy-call.html
Article: The banks lost some steam, however, after JPMorgan 's CEO of consumer and community banking, Marianne Lake, called the consumer environment "a little bit more fragile." She was speaking at the Goldman Sachs Financial Services Conference. Wells Fargo CEO Charlie Scharf, for example, described a resilient consumer at the same conference earlier as did Capital One CEO Rich Fairbank, calling the consumer "a source of strength in the economy." Life sciences: Goldman Sachs initiated coverage of the life-sciences tools group, and Club holding Danaher was one of three stocks that analysts started with a buy rating. (See here for a full list of the stocks in Jim Cramer's Charitable Trust.) As a subscriber to the CNBC Investing Club with Jim Cramer, you will receive a trade alert before Jim makes a trade.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/9/us-top-court-weighs-rollback-of-limits-on-party-campaign-spending?traffic_source=rss
Article: The conservative-majority United States Supreme Court is considering arguments in a case that could roll back existing limits on political party spending, potentially opening the door to further loosening campaign finance rules. Conservative justices, including Clarence Thomas and Samuel Alito, appeared receptive on Tuesday to a Republican-led push to overturn a 2001 court decision that upheld a federal election law more than 50 years old. According to the transparency watchdog Open Secrets, spending by super PACS, or a kind of political action committee that can raise unlimited funds from donors, corporations, and other groups, rose from $62.6m in 2010, the year of the ruling, to $622.7m two years later. No control whatsoever.” The case before the court was brought by two Republican committees for House and Senate candidates, and was first filed in Ohio in 2022 when a pair of Ohio Republicans, Steve Chabot and current Vice President JD Vance, were running for Senate. The Trump administration has joined the request to strike down a prior federal election law intended to prevent arrangements in which wealthy donors circumvent limits on individual spending by directing those sums to a party, with the understanding that it will be spent in support of a particular candidate.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/now/video/new-evidence-released-in-luigi-mangione-s-pretrial-hearing-254045765826
Article: One year since Luigi Mangione was arrested, items found in his backpack are being discussed in his pretrial proceedings, including a handgun, a silencer, a magazine with bullets wrapped in underwear and a red notebook that an officer called a "manifesto." NBC News' Ellison Barber reports on the latest details from Mangione's pretrial.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/mets-targeting-182-million-slugger-after-edwin-diaz-whiff-report-11183048
Article: The sticking point between the Mets and Alonso could very well be years, as sources say that the Mets may be hesitant to go more than three years with the first baseman." Alonso should be the team's top priority now.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/mlb/yankees-among-cody-bellinger-suitors-revealed-by-agent-in-odd-way-11182596
Article: Other than that, Belli doesn't have much interest." Boras is known for speaking in puns, and judging by his latest comments, the Yankees, New York Mets, Los Angeles Dodgers, San Francisco Giants, Toronto Blue Jays, Los Angeles Angels, Cincinnati Reds and Philadelphia Phillies have shown interest in Bellinger.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/mlb/mets-manager-carlos-mendoza-breaks-silence-on-clubhouse-drama-rumors-11178249
Article: The Mets started the season really well, looking like a National League contender, but the second half saw a shocking drop in results and performance, leaving the team without even a wild-card bid. In the aftermath of the disastrous play from the Mets in the fall, the New York Post reported that a falling out had happened between Francisco Lindor and Jeff McNeil during the season, and the relationship between Lindor and big-money signee Juan Soto grew distant. We just didn’t play well in the field, and that translated into whatever people call vibe, team chemistry.” More news: MLB Insider Delivers Bad News for Dodgers’ Teoscar Hernandez The manager was also asked specifically about the New York Post report, though Mendoza ended up chalking it up to off-season chatter. And then we start losing and everybody is talking about, oh, some of the issues.” More news: Phillies Open to Trading Brandon Marsh, Alec Bohm: Report The Mets entered the season with big expectations, especially after breaking the bank for Juan Soto and team owner Steven Cohen investing in the entire roster.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/mlb/red-sox-make-trade-send-former-prospect-to-angels-reports-11183110
Article: Vaughn Grissom, who rose the ranks of the Atlanta Braves system before a blockbuster trade sent him north to the Red Sox for Cy Young Award winner Chris Sale, is on the move again. More news: Mystery Teams, Cubs, Red Sox in Market for 3-Time All-Star: Report It's a low-risk move for the Red Sox, who gain a 40-man roster spot and lose a player whose path back to the big leagues was murky at best.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/ncaa/matt-campbell-sends-message-on-penn-states-recruiting-struggles-11177800
Article: Penn State is coming off a 6-6 season that saw the team drop three straight games early on, leading to head coach James Franklin's firing and interim coach Terry Smith being put in his place. More news: Lane Kiffin Makes Key Decision on LSU Coaches Joining Ole Miss for CFP Run During an interview with college football expert Josh Pate, Campbell focused on the kinds of players the program brings in, rather than the number or raw quality. "But I think the reality still comes down to whether we continue in this current cycle for the 2026 season and find the best high school guys that would fit us, or we build through the transfer portal," Campbell said on Josh Pate's College Football Show. "And I think knowing that this is year one for us, we better make darn sure that every young man that comes in here is a young man that's going to reflect where we want this program to go, the character, the standards of excellence, how we're going to work. "And we're going to have to do a great job of that and not flinching from our morals in that aspect of it." In modern college football, the transfer portal can make up for poor high school recruiting, though it is only a short-term fix.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nfl/pittsburgh-steelers-mike-tomlin-major-dk-metcalf-injury-update-11183068
Article: The Pittsburgh Steelers were able to take back the lead in the AFC North division race in Week 14, defeating the rival Baltimore Ravens by a final score of 27-22. Read more: Steelers’ Adam Thielen Delivers Emotional Message After Pittsburgh Debut At 27 years old, Metcalf is going to be a cornerstone for the Pittsburgh offense for years to come.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/nation-world/geminids-meteor-shower-peak-how-to-watch/507-44d8f7e3-9482-4de8-8208-29c5b0cd7bf8
Article: Phaethon's status as an asteroid is up for question, though, as NASA says it could be a "dead comet" or a "rock comet" — an asteroid that gets so close to the sun that the heat scorches off dusty pieces.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/nation-world/rare-jaws-props-auction/507-3097a12f-edb2-4f4b-abd2-477838636007
Article: “Very few fully-verified props or costumes have ever surfaced from the film." In our 30 years in the industry, this is the single finest Jaws piece Propstore has ever seen.”

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/12/09/nx-s1-5638567/save-plan-student-loan-settlement
Article: The Saving on a Valuable Education plan, better known as SAVE, was the most flexible and generous of all income-driven repayment plans, promising expedited loan forgiveness and monthly payments as low as $0 for low-income borrowers. Sponsor Message The legal challenges put all SAVE borrowers in limbo for months, during which they were not required to make payments on their loans – even after many had already spent years in a pandemic payment pause. "Thanks to the State of Missouri and other states fighting against this egregious federal overreach, American taxpayers can now rest assured they will no longer be forced to serve as collateral for illegal and irresponsible student loan policies." Tuesday's agreement, pending court approval, would end the long legal battle over SAVE by ending SAVE itself. The Education Department would commit not to enroll more borrowers in SAVE, to deny all pending SAVE applications and to move the roughly 7 million borrowers still enrolled in SAVE into other repayment plans – though some of those plans are also in flux. The department also said student loan borrowers would have "a limited time to select a new, legal repayment plan." Borrowers will have to choose between two types of plans: 1.) fixed payment plans or 2.) plans with payments based on a borrower's income. The two new plans created by Republicans' One Big Beautiful Bill Act (OBBBA) will roll out in July 2026, and will include a revised standard plan and a new income-driven plan called the Repayment Assistance Plan. They're gonna have a ton of questions and will need a ton of hand-holding to get back into repayment." The settlement arrives as millions of borrowers are struggling to keep up with their payments. "And instead of choosing to defend a plan that would have been affordable for these borrowers, this Department of Education has capitulated to the AGs and is going to make life much more expensive." The American Enterprise Institute, AEI, recently published an analysis of the latest federal student loan data: In addition to the 5.5 million borrowers who are currently in default, another 3.7 million are more than 270 days late on their payments and on the edge of default.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/world/trumps-ceasefire-plan-for-the-israel-hamas-war-faces-pitfalls-as-it-moves-into-new-phase
Article: Now, the key players — including Israel, the Palestinian militant Hamas group, the United States and a diverse list of international parties — are to move to a far more complicated second phase that could reshape the Middle East. DOHA, Qatar (AP) — With the remains of one hostage still in Gaza, the first phase of the U.S.-brokered ceasefire in the war between Israel and Hamas is nearly complete, after a two-month process plagued by delays and finger-pointing. pressure on Ukraine to cede any land to Russia as he rallies European support But if the deal stalls, Gaza could be trapped in an unstable limbo for years to come, with Hamas remaining in control of parts of the territory, Israel’s army enforcing an open-ended occupation and its residents stuck homeless, unemployed, unable to travel abroad and dependent on international aid to stay alive. Sheikh Mohammed bin Abdulrahman Al Thani, the prime minister of Qatar and a key mediator, said over the weekend that the ceasefire is at a critical point, while Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu is set to travel to the White House this month to discuss the next steps. Troops for Gaza Trumps plan calls for the formation of an international force — known as International Stabilization Force — to maintain security and train Palestinian police to one day to take over. Reconstruction Trump’s plan calls for an economic development plan to “rebuild and energize Gaza,” which suffered widespread destruction during the war and where most of the territory’s 2 million people are displaced and unemployed. WATCH: Witkoff and Kushner meet with Putin for latest talks to end Russia’s war with Ukraine Bassem Naim, a senior Hamas official, told The Associated Press that the group is open to “ freezing or storing” its weapons while a political process takes place, perhaps over many years. READ MORE: What to know about peace talks on Russia’s war in Ukraine It is also not clear if the committee will give Palestinians any real voice in the government or will exist only to implement decisions by the Board of Peace. The plan says further withdrawals will be based upon “standards, milestones and timeframes linked to demilitarization” to be negotiated by Israel, the U.S., the international force and other “guarantors.” There are no firm timelines for further withdrawals, and Israel may refuse to pull back further. Eyal Zamir, called the so-called Yellow Line that divides the Israeli-held part of Gaza from the rest a “new border” that would serve as a “forward defensive line for our communities.” Palestinian Authority The plan calls for a reform of the Palestinian Authority, which runs the West Bank, and create conditions for a “credible pathway” to Palestinian statehood. Israel rejects the creation of a Palestinian state, opposes any role for the authority in postwar Gaza and may oppose attempts to bring it in even if some reforms are made.

Link: https://feeds.texastribune.org/link/16799/17228034/tribcast-2026-primary-election-no-spaces-short
Article: See our AI policy , and give us feedback After months of speculation and debate, not to mention one unexpected redistricting cycle, Texas’ lineup of candidates for the 2026 elections is finally set. Renzo Downey, lead writer of The Blast, joins TribCast to walk through the most exciting races, the last-minute shuffling and what it all means about who will soon be representing Texans.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/judge-grants-doj-motion-release-grand-jury-materials/story?id=128243928
Article: A federal judge on Tuesday granted the Justice Department's motion to release grand jury materials and other nonpublic evidence from the criminal case of Jeffrey Epstein associate Ghislaine Maxwell in order to comply with Congress' directive to publicly release materials from the government's files on the wealthy financier and convicted sex offender who died by suicide in a New York jail in 2019. District Judge Paul Engelmayer determined in his 24-page order that the Epstein Transparency Act, passed last month, "unambiguously applies" to the discovery materials provided by prosecutors to Maxwell's defense team in connection with her criminal trial. The ruling grants the Trump administration's request to modify the protective order in the case to allow for the Justice Department to publicly release materials subject to certain exemptions delineated by Congress. The Epstein Transparency Act was passed by Congress last month and signed by President Donald Trump following blowback the administration received from MAGA supporters seeking the release of the materials. Judge Engelmayer's order puts in place a protocol to protect victims from the inadvertent release of materials "that would identify them or otherwise invade their privacy." Ghislaine Maxwell attends an unspecified event in New York, January 13, 2000. Patrick Mcmullan/Patrick McMullan via Getty Images "Nothing in this Protective Order shall prohibit the Government from publicly releasing materials whose disclosure is required by the Epstein Files Transparency Act," Engelmayer wrote. "The restrictions of this Protective Order, however, remain in place with respect to the segregable portions of records that 'contain personally identifiable information of victims or victims' personal and medical files and similar files the disclosure of which would constitute a clearly unwarranted invasion of personal privacy.'" Emphasizing the privacy concerns of the alleged victims, Engelmayer also added a provision to the protective order that will require the U.S. Engelmayer noted in his order that the alleged victims' concerns about inadvertent disclosure of their names and other identifying information "have a basis in fact." He noted that in its two applications to the court to disclose records, the Justice Department acted without prior notice to the victims. The DOJ, Engelmayer wrote, has paid "lip service" to the victims but has "not treated them with the solicitude they deserve." "The certification requirement that the Court is adding to the Protective Order assures that an identifiable official within DOJ takes ownership of the sensitive and vitally important process of reviewing discovery to be publicly released. "These files are now part of the Epstein files held by the Department of Justice, and must be turned over to the Oversight Committee in response to our subpoena, and to the public under the Epstein Files Transparency Act. "In addition to this new ruling, a federal judge in Florida has also granted the DOJ's request to unseal Epstein-related grand jury records from the mid-2000s, and the Committee looks forward to receiving those materials as well," the statement said. The DOJ previously indicated to the court that the discovery materials it seeks to make public could include, among other things, search warrant applications, financial and travel records, photographs and videos of relevant properties, immigration records, forensic reports from extractions of electronic devices, materials produced by Epstein's estate, and reports and notes of interviews of victims and third parties. Attorneys for Maxwell told the court last week that she took no formal position on the DOJ motion, but argued that the release of nonpublic materials would impact her ability to get a fair retrial if she were to succeed in her forthcoming habeas petition, a longshot bid for a new trial. District Judge Rodney Smith last week granted the administration's request to lift restrictions over grand jury material related to the first federal investigation of Epstein in Florida in the mid-2000s, which ended in his non-prosecution agreement, which was widely criticized. District Judge Richard Berman is currently considering a similar request from the DOJ to allow the government to disclose materials associated with the 2019 criminal case against Epstein in Manhattan federal court.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/video/officers-grappler-device-end-police-pursuit-kansas-128255787
Article: Officers use ‘grappler’ device to end police pursuit in Kansas Police in Kansas are sharing video of officers deploying a new "grappler" device that authorities say helped apprehend a stolen truck suspect earlier this month.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/philanthropist-mackenzie-scott-gave-71-billion-nonprofits-2025-128254284
Article: The author and philanthropist MacKenzie Scott revealed $7.1 billion in donations to nonprofits in 2025 Tuesday, marking a significant increase in her annual giving from recent years NEW YORK -- The author and philanthropist MacKenzie Scott revealed $7.1 billion in donations to nonprofits in 2025 Tuesday, marking a significant increase in her annual giving from recent years. Writing in an essay on her website, Scott said, “This dollar total will likely be reported in the news, but any dollar amount is a vanishingly tiny fraction of the personal expressions of care being shared into communities this year.” Scott acknowledged donating $2.6 billion in 2024 and $2.1 billion in 2023. With the exception of an open call for applications in 2023, it is not possible to apply for her funding nor to reach her directly, as Scott maintains no public facing office or foundation. In advance of her announcement on her website, Yield Giving, more than a dozen historically Black colleges and universities revealed they had received $783 million in donations from Scott so far this year, according to research from Marybeth Gasman, a professor at Rutgers University and expert on HBCUs. “One of the things that I really admire about Mackenzie Scott is that she is like an equity machine,” Gasman said, especially at a time when efforts to promote equity in education have come under attack from the Trump administration. In addition, UNCF, which is the largest provider of scholarships to minority students, received $70 million from Scott, and said it will invest the gift in a collective endowment it is building for participating HBCUs. Research from the Center for Effective Philanthropy in 2023 looked at the impact of Scott's giving and found few of the recipients have struggled to manage the funds or have seen other funders pullback. I was speechless and I kind of stumbled around with my words,” she said, and asked the person calling from Fidelity Charitable to clarify the donation amount, which is about double their annual budget. “And she’s only providing these financial means as a tool for people to recognize they are who they’ve been waiting for.” That idea references a prophecy from the Hopi Tribe that ends with the line, “We are the ones we’ve been waiting for.” Mazzuca said she's drawn on the prophecy for years to empower both her organization and the students it supports to recognize their own power to shape our world. The investments seem to be part of an effort Scott announced last year to move more of her money into “mission aligned” investments, rather than into vehicles that seek only the highest monetary returns. In her 2025 essay, Scott seemed to urge people toward action, writing, “There are many ways to influence how we move through the world, and where we land.” ___ Associated Press coverage of philanthropy and non-profits receives support through the AP’s collaboration with The Conversation US, with funding from Lilly Endowment Inc.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/doj-ends-monitoring-illegal-dumping-houston-retreat-environmental-128254977
Article: Justice Department has withdrawn from an agreement with Houston to curb illegal dumping in Black and Latino neighborhoods Piles of trash fill the ditch across a construction site in the Trinity Gardens neighborhood in northwest Houston, Thursday, Dec. Justice Department has withdrawn from an agreement with the city of Houston to curb illegal dumping in Black and Latino neighborhoods, part of the Trump administration’s broad dismantling of environmental justice initiatives. “We have nothing to fight with anymore," resident Huey German-Wilson, who has spent years drawing attention to the problem, told The Associated Press during a tour of illegal dumping hotspots. The city has no reason to respond to us, and we’re finding that they are truly ignoring us.” The Justice Department and Houston officials did not respond to requests for comment. A DOJ investigation found in 2023 that the Houston neighborhood in question had been inundated by illegal dumping of trash, medical waste, mattresses and even dead bodies and “rotting carcasses” — a description local officials insisted was exaggerated. The nixing of the settlement, which was set to expire in June 2026, came as the Trump administration directed federal agencies to eliminate jobs and programs dedicated to environmental justice. “The DOJ will no longer push ‘environmental justice’ as viewed through a distorting, DEI lens,” Assistant Attorney General Harmeet Dhillon said in April when the Justice Department announced it was ending an agreement with Alabama over persistent wastewater issues in Lowndes County. “President Trump made it clear: Americans deserve a government committed to serving every individual with dignity and respect, and to expending taxpayer resources in accordance with the national interest, not arbitrary criteria.” Lowndes County is a high-poverty area between Selma and Montgomery where a type of soil makes it difficult for traditional septic tanks to work. It was the result of the Justice Department’s first environmental justice investigation under Title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, which prohibits recipients of federal funds from discriminating on the basis of race, color or national origin in their federally funded programs and activities. It drew the DOJ's attention after Lone Star Legal Aid, a nonprofit law firm that advocates for low-income populations, filed a complaint about city response times lagging considerably for pickups in Black and Latino neighborhoods compared with white communities. During the first year of federal monitoring, the city picked up illegal dumping much faster, rolled out new vehicles and added workers, said German-Wilson, president of the Trinity/Houston Gardens Super Neighborhood, a community group. “We could email everybody,” she said, “and they were listening very intently to see what they could do differently.” This year, the city has received thousands of complaints about illegal dumping, according to data it publishes online, a backlog that was on display last week when an AP reporter walked past piles of trash and debris, including mattresses, construction waste, a toilet, mulch, wooden pieces of a fence and a car bumper. “What I find appalling about this administration’s position is these people have not gone out into the community to see how folks are impacted,” said Catherine Coleman Flowers, an activist who filed the civil rights complaint that prompted the Alabama investigation.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/brazil-approves-law-strengthening-protective-measures-female-victims-128253798
Article: (AP Photo/Silvia Izquierdo) RIO DE JANEIRO -- Brazilian President Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva signed into effect a law that reinforces protective measures for women who are victims of gender-based violence, a move welcomed by feminist activists although they also demand more funds for prevention. The introduction of the law comes at a time of anger in Brazil over record cases of violence against women and a series of high-profile incidents that shocked the country and sparked widespread demonstrations on Sunday. “It is very positive, but it is also an important sign of how these laws end up being relegated to a secondary plan without public pressure,” she told The Associated Press. She pointed to the case of Taynara Souza Santos, who was run over by her ex-boyfriend and trapped by the car, which dragged her over concrete for one kilometer (0.6 mile). In another shocking case, English teacher Catarina Kasten was raped and strangled to death on a trail next to a beach on her way to a swimming lesson, on Nov. “People see it and wonder why there is not punishment.” More than one in three women in Brazil was a victim of sexual or gender-based violence over the course of a year, according to a 2025 report by the think tank Brazilian Forum on Public Safety, the highest number since records began in 2017. A decade ago, Brazil passed a law recognizing the crime of femicide defined as the death of a woman in the domestic sphere or as resulting from contempt for women. In October 2024, Lula signed into effect a law stipulating that those convicted of femicide will face a minimum sentence of 20 years and a maximum of 40 years, up from 12 to 30 years. Isadora Vianna, a sociologist from Rio de Janeiro State University, said heavier sentences for authors of sexual violence against women and children are popular among both progressives and conservatives, but that studies indicate that they are inefficient in preventing the crimes.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/wireStory/jalen-hurts-turnovers-doom-eagles-3rd-straight-loss-128254609
Article: Philadelphia Eagles quarterback Jalen Hurts (1) is tackled by Los Angeles Chargers linebacker Tuli Tuipulotu (45) and outside linebacker Khalil Mack (52) during the second half of an NFL football game Monday, Dec. (AP Photo/Kevork Djansezian) Philadelphia Eagles quarterback Jalen Hurts (1) is tackled by Los Angeles Chargers linebacker Tuli Tuipulotu (45) and outside linebacker Khalil Mack (52) during the second half of an NFL football game Monday, Dec. (AP Photo/Kevork Djansezian) PHILADELPHIA -- Jalen Hurts had five turnovers that doomed the Eagles against the Chargers —- as many turnovers as losses for the Super Bowl champs this season — that raised the panic level in Philly to, break glass and insert the backup QB levels. The more the Eagles flounder offensively, the more questions are raised about Hurts and why he's been largely ineffective this season only months after he earned Super Bowl MVP honors. While embattled offensive coordinator Kevin Patullo has absorbed his share of criticism for the anemic point totals, the blame finger has suddenly shifted to Hurts and his inability to lead the offense to any kind of explosive output. That's my ability to go out there and figure it out.” The Eagles (8-5) are fortunate the rest of the NFC East is in such dire straits that even three straight losses haven't toppled them from first place. Hurts threw deep to Jahan Dotson in double-coverage only to have safety Tony Jefferson keep his feet in bounds and make the interception at the 1-yard line on the game-ending play. Lots of opportunities, especially when we get on the other side of the 50 and I wasn't able to get us in the box.” Eagles coach Nick Sirianni stuck by Patullo and gave him public votes of confidence even as outside pressure mounted to make a change. As much as Philly sports fans love a backup QB — often with good reason, such as Nick Foles and his Super Bowl win — it seems improbable Sirianni would bench Hurts for Tanner McKee. He has only three touchdown passes (none against the Chargers) in the last three games after throwing as many as seven combined in consecutive October games against the Giants and Vikings. The Eagles will only go as far as Hurts will take them and as much as the Super Bowl win means to the franchise, the team is on the brink of their second collapse in three seasons. Sirianni and Hurts have talked about lessons learned — everything from tamping down hubris at the fast start to staying together and focused on small details — and vowed they would not be repeated. Brown did have six catches for 100 yards, but he had a pair of crucial drops that included one late in the end zone that forced the Eagles to settle for a field goal. He had rushed for a combined 78 yards in the Eagles’ losses to the Cowboys and Bears and topped 100 yards for the first time since he had 150 yards against the New York Giants on Oct.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/09/the-fed-decision-is-expected-to-feature-a-rate-cut-and-a-lot-more-heres-what-to-expect.html
Article: The rate-setting Federal Open Market Committee is split between members who favor cuts as a way to head off further weakness in the labor market against those who think easing has gone far enough and threatens to aggravate inflation. "The likeliest outcome is a kind of hawkish cut where they cut, but the statement and the press conference suggesting that they may be done cutting for now," said Bill English, the Fed's former director of monetary affairs and now a Yale professor. English expects the message to be "that they've made an adjustment and they're comfortable where they are, and they don't see a need to do anything more in the near term, as long as things play out more or less as they expect." Where the full committee falls will be expressed in the post-meeting statement and Chair Jerome Powell's news conference. Wall Street economic commentary anticipates a tweak in the statement to harken back to a year ago with language regarding "the extent and timing of additional adjustments" that Goldman Sachs expects to reflect "the bar for any further cuts will be somewhat higher." In addition to the rate decision and the statement, investors will be watching an update to the "dot plot" of individual officials' rate expectations; expectations for gross domestic product, unemployment and inflation, and a possible update of the Fed's asset purchase intentions, with some expecting the committee to pivot from ceasing the runoff of maturing bond proceeds back to purchases.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/09/oracles-ai-fueled-debt-load-has-investors-on-edge-ahead-of-earnings.html
Article: Heading into the company's fiscal second-quarter earnings report on Wednesday, pressure is building on management — and newly installed CEOs Clay Magouyrk and Mike Sicilia — to show that Oracle can continue to finance the company's aggressive infrastructure plans while simultaneously convincing Wall Street that the AI-fueled hypergrowth story remains intact. In recent months, Oracle has emerged as a more central player in AI, largely due to a $300 billion deal with OpenAI, which came to light in September, an agreement that involves the AI startup buying computing power over about five years, starting in 2027. In late September, Oracle raised $18 billion in a jumbo bond sale, one of the largest debt issuances on record in the tech industry, and the company is now the biggest issuer of investment grade debt among non-financial firms, according to Citi. "There is something inherently uncomfortable as a credit investor about the transformation of the sort we're facing that is going to require an enormous amount of capital," Daniel Sorid, head of U.S.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/09/the-five-biggest-stock-moves-todd-gordon-has-made-to-prepare-his-portfolio-for-2026.html
Article: For this week's article, I'm going to lay out the top five biggest changes we made in our actively managed portfolio "Tactical Alpha Growth" (TAG for short) at Inside Edge Capital. Along with the allocation you'll also find the adjustment we made, how much over / underweight we are relative to the S & P's allocation to a sector as well as our prior allocation. The biggest adjustment at the sector level is consumer discretionary was cut by a massive 9.50% to be more inline with the S & P's 10.21% allocation to consumer discretionary. This is notable, particularly for a growth-oriented model portfolio that is designed to compete with the Nasdaq 100 returns, as we're seeing a broadening of rally away from megacap and semiconductors that did so much heavy lifting this year. Netflix - NFLX - Communications I've held this name in TAG since May 2023 and have been reducing in the prior 2 re-allocations from 3% down to current 1% holding. The company has been spending more on content pressuring margins, and the pending deal with Warner Brothers has the stock potentially tied up in red tape with the Federal Communications Commission for the foreseeable future. Apple - 'AAPL' - Technology We've had this name since we launched in 2021 and have been holding a 3.5% allocation, which is underweight Apple relative to the S & P 500's 6.6% allocation. AngloGold Ashanti - 'AU' - Materials We've increased allocation to materials in recent portfolio rebalances to take advantage of the move in gold miners and other commodity-related contributions to the AI infrastructure buildouts. We added a 2% position in AU at current levels and can see the gold trade moving higher as the US dollar index remains below resistance, despite the 10 year yield moving higher from recent consolidation, but suspect resistance will soon be found. AU is a powerhouse -Todd Gordon, Founder of Inside Edge Capital, LLC We offer active portfolio management as well as comprehensive financial planning and tax strategy for the informed, active investor who frequent CNBC pro. All opinions expressed by the CNBC Pro contributors are solely their opinions and do not reflect the opinions of CNBC, NBC UNIVERSAL, their parent company or affiliates, and may have been previously disseminated by them on television, radio, internet or another medium.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/09/eli-lilly-6-billion-alabama-manufacturing-plant-obesity-pill.html
Article: (Raquel Natalicchio/Houston Chronicle via Getty Images) Eli Lilly on Tuesday said it will spend $6 billion to build a manufacturing plant in Huntsville, Alabama, to help boost production of its closely watched experimental obesity pill and other drugs. "Today's investment continues the onshoring of active pharmaceutical ingredient (API) production, strengthening supply chain resilience and reliable access to medicines for patients in the U.S.," said Eli Lilly CEO David Ricks in a release. That added production capacity for Eli Lilly's obesity pill, orforglipron, is crucial as the company races to file for its approval and tries to maintain its dominance in the booming market for GLP-1s. Eli Lily's pill in November won a priority review voucher from the Food and Drug Administration, which will significantly speed up the regulator's assessment of the drug to potentially a few months.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/09/aft-slams-crypto-market-bill-warns-of-profound-risks-for-retirement.html
Article: NEW YORK, NEW YORK - AUGUST 28: Randi Weingarten, president of the American Federation of Teachers (AFT), speaks during the March on Wall Street on August 28, 2025 in New York City. The American Federation of Teachers, the powerful labor union that represents 1.8 million members, is urging the Senate Banking Committee to reconsider its crypto market structure bill, the Responsible Financial Innovation Act, calling the proposed legislation "as irresponsible as it is reckless" in a letter exclusively obtained by CNBC. In the letter that AFT president Randi Weingarten sent to Senate Banking Committee Chairman Tim Scott (R-SC) and Ranking Member Elizabeth Warren (D-Mass.), she wrote the union opposes the bill based on the "profound risks to the pensions of working families and the overall stability of the economy." "The legislation on crypto we have seen weighed by the committee over the last few months gives us deep concern," Weingarten added. Wall Street has become interested in the idea of "tokenization" of all financial assets, with Larry Fink, CEO of BlackRock , the largest asset manager in the world, a leader evangelist for the concept. "This loophole and the erosion of traditional securities law will have disastrous consequences: Pensions and 401(k) plans will end up having unsafe assets even if they were invested in traditional securities," Weingarten wrote.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/09/ford-to-use-renault-tech-plants-to-battle-cheap-chinese-evs-in-europe.html
Article: In this article F RNO-FR Follow your favorite stocks CREATE FREE ACCOUNT CEO of Ford Jim Farley and CEO of Renault Group Francois Provost react during a press conference as Renault Group and Ford announce the formation of a strategic partnership for passenger and commercial vehicles, in Paris, France, Dec. Tom Nicholson | Reuters Renault will jointly develop small, cheaper electric vehicles for Ford for the European market and will also team up to produce commercial vans to cut costs and fend off rising competition from Chinese rivals, the companies said on Tuesday. "We know we're in a fight for our lives in our industry," Ford CEO Jim Farley told reporters in Paris on Monday ahead of the announcement, when describing Ford's response to the threat posed by cheaper Chinese competition. Filling a gap in the lineup As part of the Ford-Renault partnership, the first of two planned small EVs - to be produced at a Renault plant in northern France - will reach European car showrooms in 2028. In a client note, Oddo-BHF analyst Michael Foundoukidis wrote that the deal allowed Renault to offset its fixed costs and generate revenue while offering "a capital-efficient route to market for affordable EVs" for Ford. Ford's share of the European passenger car market has almost halved in Europe from 6.1% in 2019 to 3.3% in the first 10 months of this year as it has pulled back from passenger vehicle sales.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/9/trump-slams-europes-immigration-policies-calls-continent-weak?traffic_source=rss
Article: “Their immigration policy is a disaster.” Trump’s comments come less than a week after his administration released a National Security Strategy berating Europe and warning of “civilisational erasure” on the continent. Trump also confirmed that his Hungarian ally, Prime Minister Viktor Orban, is seeking a US bailout, similar to the $40bn aid package that Washington handed to the government of Argentinian President Javier Milei. In 2017, during his first term, Trump sparked a diplomatic crisis with the United Kingdom when he shared fake videos from a British far-right leader that purported to paint Muslim immigrants as violent. The US president questioned Khan’s ideology and suggested that the mayor, a Muslim, was elected by immigrants, echoing the “great replacement” conspiracy theory that alleges an unfounded plot to replace white voters with newcomers. And he gets elected because so many people have come in, and they vote for him.” Trump also attacked Khan during his speech at the United Nations General Assembly in September, suggesting that the London mayor adopted Islamic law in the city. In his Politico interview, Trump also decried the state of Paris – a major destination for US tourists – as well as Sweden, saying that the Nordic country is now “very unsafe”. Sweden, home to around 10.6 million people, had 92 homicides last year – far less than half of the 250 murders recorded in the US city of Memphis, which has a population of less than 630,000 people.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/9/us-sanctions-colombian-citizens-for-recruiting-fighters-for-sudans-war?traffic_source=rss
Article: The United States government has issued sanctions against four Colombian nationals and the four businesses they help run, accusing them of forming a “transnational network” to profit from Sudan’s civil war. On Tuesday, the US Treasury published a statement identifying Alvaro Andres Quijano Becerra, Claudia Viviana Oliveros Forero, Mateo Andres Duque Botero and Monica Munoz Ucros as participants in a scheme to recruit former members of Colombia’s military to fight in Sudan. Once in the East African country, the former soldiers are allegedly used to train the Rapid Support Forces (RSF), a paramilitary group that has been locked in a power struggle against Sudan’s government forces. Fighting has raged in Sudan since the outbreak of war in April 2023, and more than 12.4 million people have been forced from their homes, contributing to displacement both within the country’s borders and in surrounding areas. On January 7, the US Department of State announced it had determined the RSF had committed genocide against ethnic groups in Sudan as part of its armed campaign, though it also highlighted abuses on both sides of the conflict. More than 300 Colombian recruits While the Treasury has sanctioned RSF leaders and organisations in the past, Tuesday’s economic penalties shine a spotlight on the role Colombian nationals have played in the fighting. In addition, the US Treasury has accused Colombian nationals of engaging in the fighting firsthand, including during the 18-month siege on el-Fasher, the capital of the North Sudan state and a city the RSF seized in October. “The presence of Colombian fighters in Sudan would not be possible without the assistance of numerous individuals and companies, mostly from Colombia.” In a September letter to the UN Security Council, a representative of Sudan’s government estimated that between 350 to 380 Colombian mercenaries have arrived in the African country to participate in the fighting. Advertisement According to Tuesday’s statement from the US Treasury, two of the sanctioned individuals, Quijano Becerra and his wife, Oliveros Forero, run a Bogota-based employment firm called International Services Agency.

Link: https://www.latimes.com/california/story/2025-12-09/cruise-lawsuit-drinks-royal-caribbean
Article: A passenger who died on a Royal Caribbean cruise was doused with pepper spray and physically restrained by staff members after he was served 33 alcoholic drinks and became violent, according to a lawsuit the man’s family filed against the company. According to a lawsuit filed against the cruise line in Florida last week, crew members had served Virgil at least 33 drinks before he died on an all-inclusive, four-day journey from Los Angeles to Ensenada, Mexico, last year. Advertisement “What was supposed to be a beautiful family vacation came to an unimaginably tragic end due to the reprehensible way the situation — that should have never occurred — was handled,” said Kevin Haynes, who is representing the family in the suit, in a statement. The lawsuit says that Virgil, who was from Riverside, boarded the ship on Dec.13, 2024, with his longtime fiancée, Connie Aguilar, and their 7-year-old son, but they were told to wait in a bar area with live music because their cabin was not ready. Virgil’s son and Aguilar left at one point to check on their cabin, but the suit alleges Virgil was served at least 33 alcoholic drinks shortly after boarding the ship.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/life/animals/dallas-zoo-for-all-program-snap-wic-discount-membership/287-7de325d8-b103-44a6-88f3-119c87187f60
Article: DALLAS — Families who participate in Texas’s Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP), and Women, Infants, and Children (WIC) programs can purchase a one-year, family-level Zoo membership for just $50, starting on Dec. The "Zoo For All program," designed to make family-level Zoo memberships more affordable and accessible for families across North Texas, was started by the Dallas Zoo to "ensure every family, regardless of financial circumstances, has the opportunity to explore one of Dallas’s most beloved education and conservation-focused destinations," the zoo said in a release. That core belief is central to everything we do here at the Zoo, and we’re so proud to roll out this new program to help us extend our reach to even more families.” Families who qualify can purchase one reduced-price membership, in person, at the Zoo’s Membership Booth by showing a valid EBT card along with a matching state-issued photo ID. Here is a breakdown of what comes with the Zoo For All Membership: Free daily admission for up to four people per day (with named adult cardholder present) Free parking for one car per day Exclusive discounts on Gift Shop purchases, dining, additional guest tickets, rides (carousel, mini-train, VR experience), animal feedings, and premium exhibits like Destination: Dinosaurs and Dallas Zoo Lights Presented by Reliant Invitations to special member events, like Member Happy Hours and monthly Member Mornings Priority access to and discounts on Zoo education programs, camps, and classes Reciprocal membership to more than 150 zoos and aquariums nationwide Subscription to Wild Edition, the Zoo’s digital member newsletter which keeps families connected to Zoo news year-round

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/sports/college/xbox-bowl-espn-frisco-texas/287-4861a47d-312e-4d8d-abef-5fa1477eef8b
Article: “Teaming up with ESPN Events lets us bring fans even closer to the fun, whether they are in the stands in Frisco, watching the bowl game at home, or playing with friends around the world.

Link: https://abc7.com/post/iceblock-creator-sues-trump-administration-alleges-pressured-apple-remove-app-store/18268414/
Article: ICEBlock creator sues Trump administration, alleges it pressured Apple to remove it from app store ICEBlock app creator Joshua Aaron is suing the Trump administration, accusing it of abusing government power and infringing on his free speech. ICEBlock app creator Joshua Aaron is suing the Trump administration, accusing it of abusing government power and infringing on his free speech by pushing Apple to remove ICEBlock from its app store. Aaron argues that ICEBlock - which was designed to allow users to alert others nearby about public sightings of Immigration and Customs Enforcement agents in their area - represents constitutionally protected speech, according to a complaint filed in Washington, DC, federal court on Monday. Aaron "believes that speech about publicly observed law and immigration enforcement activity - the expression enabled by ICEBlock - lies at the heart of the interests the First Amendment was intended to protect," the complaint states. Users who already had the app downloaded can still use it, but new downloads are blocked and Aaron told CNN he worries threats from administration officials may have discouraged existing users from using it. The suit names Attorney General Pam Bondi, as well as Homeland Security Secretary Kristi Noem, Acting ICE Director Todd Lyons, White House Border Czar Tom Homan and other, unnamed federal officials, as defendants. "ICEBlock is designed to put ICE agents at risk just for doing their jobs, and violence against law enforcement is an intolerable red line that cannot be crossed," Bondi said in October. They can't continue to erode our constitutional rights." The fight comes after Republican lawmakers have previously criticized and investigated former President Joe Biden's administration for what they said was inappropriately pressuring big tech companies to remove certain types of content. He called the app an "early warning system" for users when ICE is operating nearby, and has said it was designed to help people avoid contact with agents but not to interfere with their operations. It is not to be used for the purposes of inciting violence or interfering with law enforcement." He has likened ICEBlock to widely used map apps that allow users to crowdsource information about police speed traps. Lyons released a statement criticizing CNN's report and saying that ICEBlock "basically paints a target on federal law enforcement officers' backs" and that "officers and agents are already facing a 500% increase in assaults." Bondi also told Fox News in June that Aaron should "watch out, because that's not protected speech." In October, Apple removed ICEBlock and similar apps from its app store, making them unavailable for download, following a request from the Justice Department. Apple told Aaron in an email that ICEBlock violated the app store guidelines and that it had received information from law enforcement suggesting the app's "purpose is to provide location information about law enforcement officers that can be used to harm such officers individually or as a group." After Aaron responded to Apple saying ICEBlock had previously been approved for the app store, the company reiterated its note about having received information from law enforcement that the app put agents in harm's way, the complaint states. Bondi confirmed the Justice Department's role in the app's removal in a statement at the time to Fox News Digital, saying, "We reached out to Apple today demanding they remove the ICEBlock app from their App Store - and Apple did so." The app was only available on Apple's iOS; Aaron previously said he would not be able to guarantee anonymity for users on Android. His complaint also states that threats from administration officials to investigate and criminally prosecute him over the creation of ICEBlock "were intended and designed to chill Aaron and others from engaging in expressive activity - specifically, sharing information about publicly observable law-enforcement actions - and to deter technology companies and journalistic institutions from supporting, amplifying, or facilitating such speech." The lawsuit seeks a declaration that what it describes as the government's pressure on Apple and threats toward Aaron violated the First Amendment, and an order blocking similar statements going forward.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Entertainment/video/creator-ai-actress-tilly-norwood-future-ai-film-128255983
Article: Creator of AI actress Tilly Norwood on future of AI in film Eline Van Der Velden, founder and CEO of Particle6 and creator of AI actress Tilly Norwood, addressed the pushback that AI actors are going to replace human ones.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/fbi-adds-true-crime-tv-producer-wanted-list-128252733
Article: -- The former head of a California company that produced true crime TV shows has been added to the FBI's Most Wanted list, years after being charged with portraying herself as an heiress to get millions of dollars from lenders. McDonnell is the former chief executive at Bellum Entertainment LLC, based in Burbank, California, which produced shows such as “It Takes a Killer” and “I Married a Murderer.” Bellum was having financial problems in 2017. McDonnell was able to get a $14.7 million loan from a bank after falsely claiming she was related to the founders of McDonnell Douglas, a leading aviation and aerospace company, and had $28 million in a trust account, according to court documents.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/video/2025/12/09/sen-gillibrand-says-nothing-is-holding-up-progress-on-crypto-market-regulation-cnbc-crypto-world.html
Article: Gillibrand says 'nothing is holding up' progress on crypto market regulation: CNBC Crypto World On today's episode of CNBC Crypto World, bitcoin bounces as investor look ahead to this week’s rate decision from the Federal Reserve. Cynthia Lummis says her goal is to share a draft of the Senate Banking Committee’s version of a crypto market structure bill by the end of the week, then let the crypto industry as well as Republicans and Democrats vet it and proceed to markup next week.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/ncaa/matt-rhules-nebraska-program-in-chaos-after-third-coach-fired-11183099
Article: Instead, head coach Matt Rhule’s squad is up in flames after it was announced that a third coach from the staff has been fired since the team’s loss to rival Iowa. During his tenure with the Chiefs, he served as a defensive assistant before moving up to assistant defensive line coach from 2021 to 2024, when he was scooped up by Nebraska. More news: Future First-Round QB Fuels Transfer Portal Buzz After Skipping Team Gala The trio of firings puts a microscope on Nebraska, which has attempted to transform its image over the past few years. Rhule’s hiring alongside the recruitment of a star quarterback prospect Dylan Raiola was supposed to be the ushering in of a new era of Cornhuskers football, but it has been anything but. If Raiola does transfer this offseason, he will have a series of suitors, including the Miami Hurricanes, LSU Tigers, and Indiana Hoosiers, all of whom are expected to need new starting quarterbacks in 2026.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/mlb/phillies-150m-kyle-schwarber-offer-reportedly-had-surprise-competitor-11183181
Article: Before Schwarber's reported five-year, $150 million contract was in the process of being finalized on Tuesday, the Boston Red Sox, New York Mets, Pittsburgh Pirates, Baltimore Orioles, and Cincinnati Reds were all known to either have a strong interest in Schwarber or made an offer. According to a Tuesday report from Ken Rosenthal of The Athletic, it was the Orioles who first offered the three-time All-Star the exact amount he wound up accepting from the Phillies. But the Orioles’ push essentially forced the Phillies to offer the same terms, one source said." Considering how many teams were confirmed to be in the mix for Schwarber, it's something of a surprise that the Phillies' hand was forced by the last-place team in this year's American League East. "They are also believed to be involved in talks for left-hander Framber Valdez and Robert Suarez, among other players." As the Orioles learned on Tuesday, there's no prize for a second-place finish in free agency.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/rescue-puppy-sisters-adopted-returned-11182087
Article: But heartbreak struck about a month ago when two of the adopted dogs were returned to the Responsible Dog Rescue in the United Kingdom, both within days of each other. "...it really helps both their happiness in kennels and chances of a home if they live with other dogs during their time with us." While there has been new adoption interest in both pups, O'Regan said they have been "extremely careful" about who they select to rehome the dogs. "Everybody wants a cute little puppy—far fewer want an adolescent dog—which is devastating for us and the dog." The rescue believes the two would do best being rehomed separately, as they are nervous.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/trump-admin-criticized-funding-taliban-afghanistan-11182133
Article: Among those reacting to the reports was Tennessee Representative Tim Burchett, who has introduced a bill aimed at stopping tax dollars from being given to the group that regained control of Afghanistan in 2021. The Biden administration also set up funding meant to be used as aid for Afghans remaining in the country, but the cash has allegedly been used by the Taliban though its control of the Central Bank. According to Burchett, the State Department has sent more than $5 billion to Afghanistan in recent years, and he has called for new regulations that would prevent that money from ending up in the hands of people he brands as terrorists. In 2023, John Sopko, then-special inspector general for Afghanistan reconstruction, told the House Oversight Committee that he could not assure those on the bench that the American taxpayer was not currently funding the Taliban. The money in question was congressionally approved for use by international organizations and non-governmental organizations (NGOs) to help the people of Afghanistan following the United States’ withdrawal after 20 years. O’Neil, a veteran and podcaster, on X on Monday: “As a taxpayer and a dude who fought and killed this nation’s enemies, quick question: Why THE F*** did we give the Taliban $45 million in cash today? This is America deceived.” John Sopko told the House Oversight Committee in April 2023: "Unfortunately, as I sit here today, I cannot assure you we are not now funding the Taliban. Nor can I assure you the Taliban are not diverting it from the intended recipients, which are the Afghan people.” What Happens Next Burchett is urging Congress to move his bill forward and get it passed so there is greater oversight of funds being sent to Afghanistan and other nations.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/donald-trump-responds-to-clarence-thomas-samuel-alito-retirement-rumors-11183100
Article: Politico's Dasha Burns mentioned that Thomas is 77 and Alito 75 before asking: “Do you want one more [justice] on there?” “Uh, well, I hope they stay ’cause I think they’re fantastic, OK? Why It Matters The Supreme Court currently has a 6-3 conservative majority, including three justices appointed by Trump during his first presidential term: Neil Gorsuch, Brett Kavanaugh and Amy Coney Barrett. What To Know The Wall Street Journal, citing people close to Alito, reported last year that he had no plans to retire amid speculation among legal activists that he would retire so Trump could appoint a younger conservative to his seat. Former Justices Stephen Breyer and Anthony Kennedy did not retire until they were in their 80s, and former Justice John Paul Stevens did not step down until he was 90. That would be a...a terrible thing for this country.” A person close to Justice Samuel Alito, in comments to The Wall Street Journal last year: “Despite what some people may think, this is a man who has never thought about this job from a political perspective. The idea that he’s going to retire for political considerations is not consistent with who he is.” What Happens Next The Supreme Court’s current term began on October 6 (the first Monday in October) and will run through late June or early July.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nba/heat-predicted-to-make-blockbuster-trade-push-for-175-million-superstar-11183036
Article: Its big play: a multi-team trade that landed it a package headlined by Norman Powell, a 32-year-old 6-foot-3 shooting guard many pundits thought had peaked last year with the LA Clippers. Point guard Terry Rozier is away from the team dealing with legal issues, although it's unclear if the Heat are even allowed to trade his expiring $26.6 million salary and spin it into a useful player this season. Jake Fischer of The Stein Line expects the Heat to get into the bidding war for two-time MVP Milwaukee Bucks power forward Giannis Antetokounmpo, who appears ready to move on from the only NBA home he has ever known. Fischer notes that the Heat memorably avoided putting all their available chips into deal proposals for aging All-Stars Damian Lillard in 2023 and Kevin Durant this year, leading many to speculate that the club was underbidding as it looked for a bigger prize in the future. "Rest assured that the Heat have not forgotten that Antetokounmpo was said to have a level of interest in a move to Miami back in 2020 before the Bucks' acquisition of Jrue Holiday led Giannis to ink the first of two Milwaukee contract extensions," Fischer observes. "Sources say Antetokounmpo's management group was certainly assessing the net worth of a four-year maximum deal in Florida without state income taxes — as well as how a contract with a team in Texas like the Dallas Mavericks when they still had Luka Dončić might have looked — and how those post-tax-calculation dollars would compare to the five-year supermax extension he eventually inked with the Wisconsin-based Bucks." Antetokounmpo went on to win a title during his first season with Holiday, but hasn't made it out of the second round of the playoffs ever since. Fischer believes that Antetokounmpo is exactly the kind of star piece Miami would be amenable to going all-in to obtain, which would likely need to include surrendering one of their favorite young pieces — plus one well-compensated vet. The fact that the Heat did not come to a contract extension agreement with Tyler Herro, furthermore, would also appear to make his $31 million deal movable (we repeat) in the proverbial right deal." Wiggins is a solid 3-and-D small forward capable of defending opposing wings, while Herro's offensive creativity makes up for his limitations on the other end.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/ncaa/latest-development-is-good-news-for-vanderbilt-qb-diego-pavias-nfl-draft-stock-11183159
Article: The matchup will feature star quarterback and Heisman finalist Diego Pavia, who will be making his final appearance in a Commodores uniform before turning his attention to the NFL draft in April. Even with one collegiate game still left to play, Pavia officially announced that he has accepted an invite to compete in the 2026 Panini Senior Bowl — a major opportunity to boost his draft stock, which currently varies widely among analysts. More news: Florida State, Mike Norvell Could Pursue Top-Tier Transfer Portal QB More news: Lane Kiffin Sends 4-Word Message to Ole Miss Before College Football Playoff NFL draft buzz, which evaluates upcoming prospects, currently ranks Pavia as the No.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nba/lakers-lebron-james-has-strong-words-on-teammate-austin-reaves-11183097
Article: Last week, he recorded an impressive game with 44 points, 10 assists, and five rebounds to lead the Lakers, who were without Luka and LeBron, to a 123-120 win at Toronto. A check of the former Oklahoma guard's game logs reveals other stellar outings, including a 51-point performance with 11 rebounds and nine assists in an October win against the Kings. "I think AR has picked up where he left off from," LeBron said when Nash asked if it was due to the offseason work he put in, but credited his level of "confidence" increasing. LeBron mentioned Reaves is also healthier this year; last year, he dealt with a toe injury late in the season, but this year, he's only been out for several games. "He has time, and he puts the work in, and then he goes on the golf course and clears his mind, and then he plays basketball, and he clears his mind," King James told Nash. Nash, an eight-time All-Star who won the NBA's Most Valuable Player award twice with the Phoenix Suns, also called the Lakers guard "incredibly fun to watch" and a great "playmaker" for his teammates.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/ncaa/marcus-freeman-nfl-rumors-take-major-turn-after-notre-dames-cfp-snub-11183055
Article: Freeman was believed to be the frontrunner for the Chicago Bears head-coaching vacancy, but he dismissed any notion of him looking to change jobs as he was getting Notre Dame prepared to play the Ohio State Buckeyes in the national championship game. More News: Florida Tried to Poach Another SEC Head Coach Before Hiring Jon Sumrall The school had also just locked Freeman up to a four-year, $36 million contract extension as well, but Freeman told any reporter who asked that he had no interest in leaving the college ranks any time soon. But after Notre Dame (10-2) was left out of the College Football Playoff field this year in favor of the 10-2 Miami Hurricanes, who beat the Irish in their season opener, the school decided to turn down an invitation to play BYU in the Pop Tarts Bowl, choosing to focus on “winning a national title in 2026.” More News: Paul Finebaum Has Harsh Message for ‘Crybaby’ Notre Dame After CFP Snub ... And while that may or may not be true, it also opened the door for more buzz to grow about Freeman entertaining the possibility of taking a head-coaching job in the NFL. “More time for Marcus Freeman to prepare for his interview with the Giants … and for the Giants to find that speculated $50 million in the couch cushions for the buyout.” More News: Vikings WR Justin Jefferson Involved in Sideline Incident With Team Security If Freeman were to leave Notre Dame, the Giants just might be the kind of job that could entice him to do it. The team has a franchise quarterback already in place in Jaxson Dart, a young building-block running back in Cam Skattebo, a young perennial All-Pro wide receiver in Malik Nabers, and the makings of a young, Pro Bowl pass-rush with Brian Burns, Abdul Carter, and Kayvon Thibodeaux. In addition to the Giants, the Tennessee Titans are also looking for a new head coach, and several other teams including the Atlanta Falcons, Cleveland Browns, Las Vegas Raiders, Miami Dolphins, and Tampa Bay Buccaneers could also have opening come available after the NFL season ends.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/project-2026-heritage-foundation-document-11183162
Article: Priorities listed out in the plan for 2026 are Counter the CCP, Eliminate Regulation, Inflation and Spending, End the Border and immigration Chaos, Ensure Election Integrity, Expand Education Freedom, Restore Digital Sovereignty, Put Family First, Root Out the Deep State, and Unleash American Energy. According to the website, the foundation is "fighting to restore self-governance so that all Americans can live the good life." "Conservatives must set the agenda, earn a mandate for that agenda, and govern accordingly," the plan introduction reads, adding, "Today, we’re casting a vision for nine of the most important challenges facing America—some familiar and others new. Policymakers must address these challenges to make America stabler, stronger, and safer today and for generations to come." The plan as written by The Heritage Foundation is laid out in the sections below. We will advance policies to confront China’s attack on American interests and values, develop a China-resistant economy, and ensure our military is prepared to meet any threats China may pose in the future. The Heritage enterprise will advance a blueprint to reduce the size and scope of the federal government, spend less of our money, and save us from falling off the fiscal cliff. Heritage will restore faith in elections and protect the right to vote for all Americans by advocating for commonsense reforms at the state and federal level like requiring proof of U.S. Expand Education Freedom he education system is failing our children—from the scourge of woke ideas like critical race theory and radical gender ideology to the lack of academic excellence and transparency. Heritage will work to safeguard parental authority over their children’s education, expand universal education choice, protect American taxpayers from bailouts of an academia wholly adrift, and reclaim institutions of higher education from the radical Left. Restore Digital Sovereignty American tech companies have been a source of amazing achievements for America, but in recent years, Big Tech has too often behaved as an enemy of the people, actively undermining American greatness. Big Tech has interfered with our elections, sought to groom and brainwash our children with perverted left-wing ideologies, engaged in anti-competitive behavior that stifles innovation, colluded with authoritarian governments, and sided with woke elites to suppress free speech and disproportionately silence conservatives. The Heritage enterprise will put power back in the hands of the American people by holding Big Tech accountable by enforcing antitrust and other laws and proposing new measures to end its abuses. We will advance laws and regulations that foster competition and cutting-edge innovation, making America’s tech sector the world’s strongest, most competitive, and most attractive for investment, while making it clear that the era of Big Tech impunity is over. The Heritage enterprise will advance policies at the state and federal level to restore the nuclear family to the center of American life and to reduce both the demand and supply for abortion at all stages of human development with courage and compassion. Root Out the Deep State A“deep state” of unelected bureaucrats and special interest groups regularly bypasses the will of the people by undermining or overriding decisions made by elected officials. Policies that limit oil and natural gas production weaken America’s domestic energy production and make it more costly, while requiring the use of solar and wind energy makes America dependent on China, raises electricity costs, disproportionately harms poor people and farmers, and undermines America’s economic growth.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nfl/chicago-bears-ben-johnson-clear-message-caleb-williams-11183137
Article: Ben Johnson, Caleb Williams, and the Chicago Bears were unable to pull off a statement win over the Green Bay Packers on Sunday, falling by a final score of 28-21 at Lambeau Field. As shared by Adam Jahns of CHGO Sports, Johnson sent a clear message to Williams and the offense that he wants to start faster to begin games rather than trying to catch up as the game moves forward. His interception happened to be the final play of the game, throwing a pick to Packers' cornerback Keisean Nixon in the end zone as the Bears looked to tie the football game. After Week 15 against Cleveland, Chicago will have a second chance against Green Bay, this time playing at home against the Packers in a crucial matchup with playoff positioning on the line.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/betting/nfl-week-15-early-picks-against-the-spread-best-ats-bets-for-all-16-games-11175054
Article: But between Tampa's recent struggles and the fact that Atlanta swept the NFC South champs in 2024 and lost by just a field goal in Week 1, there's good reason to back Atlanta at +4.5. (FOX) Pick: Browns +7.5 Cleveland (3-10) was upset by Tennessee last Sunday, 31-29, but the Browns had to come away from that loss feeling much better about rookie QB Shedeur Sanders, who threw for 364 yards and three touchdowns. The Browns D also played better than the final score indicated, giving up just 13 first downs and 4.6 yards per play, but Tennessee broke a couple of long plays and repeatedly took advantage of short fields to break 30 points. The Bears (9-4) played well the last two weeks, beating the Eagles and pushing the Packers, but I don't expect them to blow out Cleveland, especially after a couple of draining slugfests. (CBS) Pick: Chargers +4.5 Speaking of brutal losses, the Chiefs' (6-7) backs are now all the way up against the wall after Sunday night's awful offensive showing in a home loss to Houston. I wouldn't be shocked to see Kansas City win this one (assuming it can take care of the football), as the Chargers' (9-4) offense is a mess, but I would be surprised to see the Chiefs win comfortably. (CBS) Pick: Bills -1.5 The Patriots (11-2) announced themselves as AFC contenders when they beat Buffalo 23-20 back in Week 5, and they enter Week 15 on a remarkable 10-game winning streak. New England's schedule since it beat Buffalo has been soft, though, which makes it fair to question whether Mike Vrabel's team can pull off the season sweep of the Bills (9-4) this weekend. In Jaxson Dart's second game back from injury, I'll go with New York to pull out a close one at home and snap a seven-game losing streak that includes four close losses to likely playoff teams. (FOX) Pick: Eagles -11.5 In another game where staying away would probably be the smart move, the Eagles (8-5) are laying 11.5 points as they look to end a shocking three-game losing streak. (CBS) Pick: Jaguars -12.5 The Jaguars (9-4) are on a roll, with five wins in their last six games, and their current winning streak includes beatdowns of not only the Titans and Cardinals, but also the Chargers and Colts. (FOX) Pick: Cardinals +10 While I expect the Texans (8-5) to improve to 9-5 on Sunday against the Cardinals, I still haven't seen enough from the Houston offense to trust this team to cover as 10-point favorites. While Arizona (3-10) is just 1-10 in its last 11, with three losses by at least 19 points in the last three weeks, I like the Cardinals to keep this one close against a Houston team that remains limited offensively. Last Sunday, Denver's offense scored just 17 points in the team's 24-17 win over the Raiders, making it five straight games with 20 points or fewer points scored in regulation. It's risky to bet on not one, but two teams that have won 10 games in a row (the Pats and Broncos) to lose at home this weekend, but I like Green Bay -- which looks like the more well-rounded team in this matchup -- to win a close one at Mile High. It has occurred to me that predicting Carolina games might be as simple as following this team's recent pattern of alternating wins and losses, which it's stuck to for the last six weeks. That being said, winning that game without their top corner, Jaycee Horn, starting safety Trevon Moehrig, or starting linebacker Christian Rozeboom struck me as a sign that this team should be taken seriously down the stretch. I'd be surprised to see Carolina win this game with any room to spare, but I'll go with the favorite -- which is 6-1 in games decided by 7 points or fewer -- to pull out another close one. Detroit (8-5) might keep this one interesting most of the way, but the Rams winning (and covering) has been one of the most sure things in the league lately, and I expect that to continue in Week 15. (FOX) Pick: 49ers -12.5 San Francisco (9-4) has won three straight games by an average of 16 points, and I expect another one-sided victory by Kyle Shanahan's team this weekend. After bullying Max Brosmer and the Vikings in Week 13 and Kirk Cousins and the Falcons in Week 14, Seattle will likely face sixth-round rookie Riley Leonard, who is dealing with a knee injury, journeyman Brett Rypien ... (NBC/Peacock) Pick: Vikings +6 The Cowboys (6-6-1) remain alive in the NFC East after Philly's loss to the Chargers last night, which makes them dangerous at home on Sunday night. After solid showings against the Raiders and Eagles in Weeks 11 and 12, the Cowboys gave up a total of 72 points to the Chiefs and Lions the last two weeks. While the JJ McCarthy-led Minnesota offense has been one of the league's worst for most of the year, it just played easily its best game of the season last week, racking up 162 rushing yards and 25 first downs. (ESPN) Pick: Dolphins +3 The Steelers (7-6) played well in last week's win over the Ravens to move into first place in the AFC North, but they haven't won two games in a row since they beat Minnesota and Cleveland back in early October. I might regret taking Dolphins +3 if Pittsburgh can consistently force Tua Tagovailoa into third-and-long, but I can't take the Steelers to cover knowing how much of a mismatch they're dealing with in the front seven. New York Jets: 8 QB hits, 3 total sacks of Brady Cook, Tyrod Taylor* *We'll update this later this week, once PFR's advanced passing numbers for Dolphins-Jets -- including pressures, pressure rate -- are available.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c5yqvz9wljqo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Artist Nnena Kalu earns 'historic' Turner Prize win 21 minutes ago Share Save Ian Youngs Culture reporter Share Save Artist and ActionSpace Nnena Kalu has been gaining recognition in the art world in recent years Nnena Kalu has won this year's Turner Prize, the UK's most high-profile art award, for her "bold and compelling" sculptures and drawings - and has made history as the first artist with a learning disability to win. "It's wonderful she's finally getting the recognition she rightly, rightly deserves." PA Media Tape, ribbons, string and cardboard are among the materials used to make Nnena Kalu's sculptures 'Idol, legend, winner' Kalu was announced as the winner of the award - and its £25,000 prize money - at a ceremony in Bradford, the UK's current city of culture, on Tuesday. She accepted the honour while wearing a rosette bearing her photo and the words: "Idol, legend, winner, whatever." Kalu has been gradually gaining recognition in the art world in recent years after working as a resident artist with Action Space, which supports artists with learning disabilities, since 1999. "Nnena Kalu, you've made history!" 'Beautiful intricacy' Getty Images Kalu's work has divided opinion among art critics, but the Turner Prize judges were impressed by the "really compelling sculptures and drawings that could only be made by Nnena", according to the jury chairman, Tate Britain director Alex Farquharson. They're very gestural, they're very expressive, they're very compelling." Getty Images 'Quality and uniqueness' The judges deliberated for two or three hours, Mr Farquharson said, and stressed that their choice of winner was based purely on merit. "It was interest in, and a real belief in, the quality and uniqueness of her practice, which is inseparable from who she is." It is a historic moment, though, he told BBC News. "So maybe what's historic about it is it's one more move to include really great neurodiverse artists in the picture we present of art today." Getty Images All of the shortlisted artists' works are on show at thye Cartwright Hall gallery in Bradford

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c898djgn2n2o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Budget could knock 0.5% off inflation next year, Bank chief says 3 hours ago Share Save Archie Mitchell Business reporter Share Save Getty Images The chancellor's Budget could reduce inflation by 0.5% next year, a Bank of England deputy governor has said. Asked about the impact of the Budget on inflation, Ms Lombardelli, the Bank's deputy governor for monetary policy, said: "We think it will reduce inflation by between 0.4% and 0.5% for a year from the second quarter of 2026. She also removed green levies from energy bills and general taxation in a move the Treasury said will save households £88 per year, while scrapping a customer-funded scheme to help low-income households insulate their homes, saving a further £59. From April 2028, electric car drivers will pay a road charge of 3p per mile, while plug-in hybrid drivers will pay 1.5p per mile, with the rates going up each year with inflation.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/politics/watch-live-trump-speaks-about-the-economy-at-pennsylvania-rally
Article: Following dismal results for Republicans in last month’s off-cycle elections, the White House has sought to convince voters that the economy will emerge stronger next year and that any anxieties over inflation have nothing to do with Trump. WASHINGTON (AP) — President Donald Trump will road-test his claims that he’s tackling Americans’ affordability woes at a Tuesday rally in Mount Pocono, Pennsylvania — shifting an argument made in Oval Office appearances and social media posts to a campaign-style event. The president has consistently blamed his predecessor, Democrat Joe Biden, for inflation even as his own aggressive implementation of policies has pushed up prices that had been settling down after spiking in 2022 to a four-decade high. Companies warned that the import taxes could be passed along to consumers in the form of higher prices and reduced hiring, yet Trump continues to insist that inflation has faded. “You can call it ‘affordability’ or anything you want — but the Democrats caused the affordability problem, and we’re the ones that are fixing it.” The president’s reception in the county hosting his Tuesday rally could give a signal of just how much voters trust his claims. Monroe County flipped to Trump in the 2024 election after having backed Biden in 2020, helping the Republican to win the swing state of Pennsylvania and return to the White House after a four-year hiatus. The Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee is running digital ads during Trump’s visit on the Wilkes-Barre Times-Leader website that criticize Bresnahan for his stock trading while in Congress and suggest that Trump has not as promised addressed double-dealing in Washington. White House chief of staff Susie Wiles said on the online conservative talk show “The Mom View” that Trump would be on the “campaign trail” next year to engage supporters who otherwise might sit out a congressional race. Wiles, who helped manage Trump’s 2024 campaign, said most administrations try to localize midterm elections and keep the president out of the race, but she intends to do the opposite of that. “We’re actually going to turn that on its head,” Wiles said, “and put him on the ballot because so many of those low-propensity voters are Trump voters.” Wiles added, “So I haven’t quite broken it to him yet, but he’s going to campaign like it’s 2024 again.” The challenge for Trump is how to address the concerns of voters about the economy while simultaneously claiming that the economy is enjoying an historic boom. Here’s what experts say they mean Asked on a Politico podcast about how he’d rate the economy, Trump leaned into the grade inflation by answering “A-plus,” only to then amend his answer to “A-plus-plus-plus-plus-plus.” Trump has said he’s giving consumers relief by relaxing fuel efficiency standards for autos and signing agreements to reduce list prices on prescription drugs. But many Americans see the prices of housing, groceries, education, electricity and other basic needs as swallowing up their incomes, a dynamic that the Trump administration has said it expects to fade next year with more investments in artificial intelligence and manufacturing. Since the elections in November when Democrats won key races with a focus on kitchen table issues, Trump has often dismissed the concerns about prices as a “hoax” and a “con job” to suggest that he bears no responsibility for inflation, even though he campaigned on his ability to quickly bring down prices.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/san-diego-officials-approve-30m-settlement-family-teen-128256496
Article: The San Diego City Council has approved a $30 million payment to the family of a 16-year-old killed by police This undated photo provided by Trial Lawyers for Justice shows Konoa Wilson, left, posing with his father, Steven Lee Wilson. (Trial Lawyers for Justice via AP) SAN DIEGO -- The San Diego City Council on Tuesday approved a $30 million payment to the family of a 16-year-old youth killed by police in one of the largest such settlements in the U.S. The settlement exceeds the $27 million the city of Minneapolis agreed to pay the family of George Floyd, whose May 2020 murder by a police officer who knelt on his neck sparked a nationwide racial reckoning. In the lawsuit against the city and Gold, the family alleged the officer “instantly, without any warning,” fired two shots at Wilson as he ran by, striking him in the upper body.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Business/wireStory/oreo-bringing-zero-sugar-cookies-us-128256286
Article: In a report earlier this year, the market research company Circana found that a majority of Americans are seeking out snacks they consider “good for them.” Conagra Brands, which makes popcorn and Slim Jim meat snacks, said in a recent snacking report that Millennials and Generation Z consumers, in particular, are seeking portion-controlled and wellness-focused snacks. For sweetening, the Oreos contain maltitol, a type of sugar alcohol that’s also found in some fruits and vegetables; polydextrose, a soluble fiber; sucralose, a sweetener derived from sugar; and acesulfame potassium, a synthetic sweetener.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/09/we-heard-enough-from-home-depot-about-next-year-and-beyond-to-still-believe-in-the-stock.html
Article: Lower rates are "just gigantic for some of our stocks," Jim said, putting Home Depot at the top of the list due to its dependence on mortgage rates and the housing market. Elevated mortgages have stalled housing turnover, which hurts Home Depot on the pro side — with homebuilding and the need for large-scale renovations tepid — and on the do-it-yourself side. "Households are sitting on more dry powder to use for home improvement projects than ever before, and in the past several years have tapped this equity at lower levels than usual during this period of high interest rates," Home Depot Chief Financial Officer Richard McPhail said during Tuesday's investor and analyst conference after providing the Street with a preliminary look at what the company forecasts for next year. And, in addition to the new fiscal 2026 numbers at the conference, the company looked even further out with what it called a "market recovery case," which painted a baseline of what business could look like once a housing recovery were to take hold. In its so-called market recovery case, Home Depot sees total sales growth of about 5% to 6%; total comps growth of 4% to 5%; operating profit growth faster than sales growth; and diluted earnings-per-share growth of roughly mid-to-high single-digits on a percentage basis. "While housing is currently pressured, we believe the fundamental supports for long-term home improvement demand are strong and are in a much stronger position than they were at the beginning of the last housing recovery," McPhail said. HD YTD mountain Home Depot YTD While there was no time frame on these long-term projections, we do find them helpful to see where management thinks the business can go. However, if the Fed were to cut rates more aggressively next year or cut rates earlier than expected — and mortgages finally move lower in a meaningful way — Home Depot's guidance for fiscal 2026 and beyond might need to be raised. See here for a full list of the stocks.) As a subscriber to the CNBC Investing Club with Jim Cramer, you will receive a trade alert before Jim makes a trade.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/9/australias-social-media-ban-for-young-people-takes-effect?traffic_source=rss
Article: Click here to share on social media Australia has banned children under 16 from social media in a world-first, as other countries consider similar age-based measures amid rising concerns over its effects on children’s health and safety. Under the new law, which came into effect at midnight local time on Wednesday (13:00 GMT on Tuesday), 10 of the biggest platforms face $33m in fines if they fail to purge Australia-based users younger than 16. “Instead, it’s used as a weapon for bullies, a platform for peer pressure, a driver of anxiety, a vehicle for scammers and, worst of all, a tool for online predators.” The law states that Facebook, Instagram, YouTube, TikTok, Snapchat and Reddit are forbidden from creating or keeping accounts belonging to users in Australia under 16. Australia’s Communications Minister Anika Wells said last week that the European Commission, France, Denmark, Greece, Romania and New Zealand were also interested in setting a minimum age for social media.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/9/aclu-files-lawsuit-seeking-legal-basis-for-trumps-caribbean-boat-strikes?traffic_source=rss
Article: Rights watchdog groups in the United States have filed a lawsuit seeking greater clarification on the legal rationale being used to justify the Trump administration’s targeting of alleged drug trafficking vessels off Latin America. The lawsuit, filed on Tuesday by the American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU), the group’s New York state affiliate, and the Center for Constitutional Rights, seeks the release of an opinion from the internal Office of Legal Counsel (OLC), which advises the executive branch on legal matters. “The public deserves to know how our government is justifying the cold-blooded murder of civilians as lawful and why it believes it can hand out get-out-of-jail-free cards to people committing these crimes,” Jeffrey Stein, staff attorney with the ACLU’s National Security Project, said in a press release. “The Trump administration must stop these illegal and immoral strikes, and officials who have carried them out must be held accountable.” At least 86 people have been killed since the Trump administration announced the first strike in early September, in what the president has depicted as a counter-narcotics effort. A total of 22 declared strikes have been carried out in the Caribbean, even though they are widely considered illegal under both international and US law, since drug trafficking is a criminal activity. The press statement by the groups says that they hope to force a disclosure from an OLC that “apparently blesses the ongoing strikes as lawful acts in an alleged ‘armed conflict’ with unspecified ‘drug cartels’”. Advertisement Legal experts roundly reject the administration’s claim that drug trafficking constitutes an attack on the US and that alleged traffickers are therefore unlawful combatants who can be killed with military force. But despite their likely illegality, the Trump administration has pressed forward with more strikes and has stated that they will continue, sharing videos of small boats exploding after being struck on social media. “If the OLC opinion seeks to dress up legalese in order to provide cover for the obvious illegality of these serial homicides, the public needs to see this analysis and ultimately hold accountable all those who facilitate murder in the United States’ name,” said Baher Azmy, legal director of the Center for Constitutional Rights. The campaign also comes during a period of heightened US threats against Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro, who the Trump administration has accused of coordinating the activities of criminal groups despite internal US intelligence assessments that undercut that claim. The US has deployed a large contingent of forces to the region, including an aircraft carrier and thousands of troops, prompting speculation about a possible attack on Venezuela to topple Maduro.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/news/us-news/ring-camera-shows-ice-raid-minnesota-home-us-citizens-scared-4-arreste-rcna248189
Article: Four people were arrested at a raid on a home in Burnsville, Minnesota, including a couple whose 7-year-old son has been left without his parents, family members told NBC News affiliate KARE. “When I went out, they were pointing their guns at me.” At six months pregnant, she said she is now caring for her two children and the 7-year-old boy whose parents were arrested in the same raid. The City of Burnsville released a statement on Sunday acknowledging that it was “monitoring federal immigration activity.” The city said its officers are not “typically” informed of federal immigration activity and do not engage with enforcement. “We know this has created fear and uncertainty for many in our community.” The Burnsville mayor’s office said in a statement Tuesday that public safety teams responded to two calls regarding immigration enforcement activity.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/soup-recall-map-new-warning-14-states-11183275
Article: "There have been no reports of illness involving the product addressed in this recall, however, people who have an allergy or severe sensitivity to milk run the risk of a serious allergic reaction if they consume this product." Customers who have purchased the recalled soup and have a sensitivity or allergy to milk are urged to contact Lil’ Turtles for a new pack, the alert says. are carried out voluntarily by the product manufacturer and when a company issues a public warning, typically via news release, to inform the public of a voluntary product recall, the FDA shares that release on our website as a public service. "The FDA's role during a voluntary, firm-initiated, recall is to review the recall strategy, evaluate the health hazard presented by the product, monitor the recall, and as appropriate alert the public and other companies in the supply chain about the recall." It added: "The FDA provides public access to information on recalls by posting a listing of recalls according to their classification in the FDA Enforcement Report, including the specific action taken by the recalling company. The FDA Enforcement Report is designed to provide a public listing of products in the marketplace that are being recalled." Additional information on recalls can be found on the FDA's Recalls, Market Withdrawals, & Safety Alerts page.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/mlb/anthony-kay-mets-signs-white-sox-11183237
Article: The New York Mets had their sights set on left-hander Anthony Kay since he was a high school pitcher on Long Island, not far from the Mets home in Flushing, Queens. After a difficult journey that took him to Japan where he was able to reestablish himself, Kay agreed to sign on Tuesday with the Chicago White Sox, on a two-year contract worth $12 million, the White Sox announced. He’s added about three miles per hour to that cutter and also begun throwing a sinker that he didn’t have during his last run in North America, which he credits with generating more soft contact." Kay's contract with the White Sox reportedly will pay him a $5 million salary for each of the two years on his contract.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nba/lakers-receive-good-news-ahead-of-nba-cup-quarterfinal-against-spurs-11183323
Article: The Los Angeles Lakers are 23 games into the season, and head coach JJ Redick has his team off to a strong start, highlighted by Sunday’s impressive victory over the Philadelphia 76ers that improved their record to 17-6. LeBron James missed a large portion of the early season, Luka Doncic unexpectedly sat out two of the last three games to welcome the birth of his second child, and injuries sidelined Gabe Vincent—who has since returned—and Marcus Smart, who has been out for over a week with a lingering back issue. However, ahead of their next outing on Wednesday night in the NBA Cup quarterfinals against the San Antonio Spurs, the Lakers received encouraging news: Smart is expected to return to the court, marking the first time this season that L.A. More news: Celtics’ Jaylen Brown Calls Out NBA’s ‘Soul-Selling, Flopping Stars’ Smart, who has appeared in 14 of the Lakers’ 23 games since joining the team this offseason after being waived by the Washington Wizards, spoke to the media following Tuesday’s practice. "I’m gonna give it a shot tomorrow and see how it feels.” Smart has been the defensive two-way presence the Lakers have needed, but his availability has been crucial—and a challenge—since leaving the Boston Celtics, where he spent the first nine seasons of his NBA career. This season, Smart is averaging 9.3 points, 2.9 assists, 2.3 rebounds, and 1.8 steals per game, while consistently taking on the opposing team’s top guard as the primary defender whenever he’s on the floor More news: Heat Predicted to Make Blockbuster Trade Push for $175 Million Superstar

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/student-loan-forgiveness-payments-save-plan-update-11183471
Article: The administration of President Donald Trump announced on Tuesday that that the Department of Education had reached a settlement to officially end the Saving on a Valuable Education’ (SAVE) Plan, which was implemented under President Joe Biden. "The SAVE Plan was the Biden Administration’s third and final attempt at mass federal student loan forgiveness, and it was blocked repeatedly by both district and appeals courts," the Education Department said in a press release announcing the settlement. "Without congressional authorization, the Biden Administration misled millions of borrowers into the illegal SAVE Plan with false promises of artificially low monthly payments—oftentimes as low as $0—and a short timeline to student loan 'forgiveness.'" Under the Trump administration's plan, the roughly 7 million people currently enrolled in the program will be moved to other repayment plans.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/new-ketel-marte-report-bad-news-for-blue-jays-pursuit-11183373
Article: There are plenty of big-name players available in free agency or the trade block, and it seems like the Toronto Blue Jays have been linked to every single one in some capacity. Sportsnet's Ben Nicholson-Smith followed up on Tuesday and reported that although the Blue Jays have been in touch with the Diamondbacks about Marte, they are on the "periphery" of Marte talks. "Not only are the Toronto Blue Jays in touch with top free agents like Kyle Tucker and Bo Bichette, they’re checking in on some prominent trade candidates, too," Nicholson-Smith wrote on Tuesday. "The price on Arizona Diamondbacks second baseman Ketel Marte appears to be extremely high, but executives say the switch-hitter who has averaged 5.4 wins above replacement per season since 2023 really is available. As day two of the Winter Meetings unfolds, some in the industry believe the Blue Jays are on the periphery of Marte talks, not in the middle of them." Marte is a star and would be a solid pickup, but only if the Blue Jays are unable to re-sign Bo Bichette.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/betting/espn-bet-promo-code-newsweek-get-100-bonus-with-app-now-thescore-bet-11183401
Article: Let's take a look: Heat +11.5 alternate spread (-475) Heat-Magic over 225.5 alternate total points (-275) Paolo Banchero 15+ points (-475) Andrew Wiggins 10+ points (-475) Raptors +15.5 alternate spread (-500) Knicks-Raptors over 215.5 alternate total points (-285) When you place your $10 bet on any of these markets, you will just have to wait for it to settle to see if you win the $100 in bonus bets. Go to the specific sport you are interested to view these betting markets: Heat moneyline, Heat-Magic over 231.5 total points, Knicks moneyline, over 227.5 total points (+705) Tyler Herro, Desmond Bane, Norman Powell EACH 3+ made threes (+546) Paulo Banchero and Karl-Anthony Towns EACH score the first basket in their games tonight (+4450) Heat moneyline, Tyler Herro 25+ points, Bam Adebayo 10+ rebounds (+571) BYU, Ohio State, UConn all win (+468) Raptors, Florida, Sabres all win (+1756) BYU moneyline, Michigan -17.5, Illinois moneyline (+347) ESPN BET Promo Code NEWSWEEK: How To Sign Up Click here to go to the registration page and follow these steps to claim this offer: Enter the promo code NEWSWEEK Input basic identifying information (Legal name, date of birth, mailing address, email, etc.) Make a deposit with a compatible payment method (Credit/debit card, online banking, etc.) Place your initial $10 bet on any game tonight Wait for that bet to settle to see if you win the $100 in bonus bets If you win the bonuses, use them within one week before they expire Newsweek may earn an affiliate commission if you sign up through the links in this article.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/nation-world/free-chocolate-lava-cake-dominos-birthday/507-048f016d-0f45-46e7-a347-565200ab767d
Article: “In honor of our birthday, we decided there was only one way to celebrate – by sharing some delicious, oven-baked goodness with our customers,” Joe Jordan, Domino’s chief operating officer and president – U.S said.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/politics/yall-itics/yallitics-no-homework-grades-robot-teachers-at-texas-ai-schools/287-2b257cbd-6142-4d1b-b767-b8c8a903a34a
Article: “I actually was talking to a lady a couple of weeks ago and she visited the school and she’s like, where are the robot teachers,” Sam DePalo relayed to us on Y’all-itics. It is feeding them questions that are specific to their interests and getting their learning done so much quicker, so much more efficiently than a human being over could,” DePalo explained. Alpha Schools say their AI approach is so efficient, students only spend two hours a day on academics, with the entire afternoon devoted to teaching “life skills,” such as 4th and 5th graders learning how to invest in the stock market.

Link: https://abc13.com/post/women-arrested-allegedly-stealing-packages-west-university-area-police-say/18268665/
Article: 2 arrested after allegedly selling stolen packages from West U residents to pawn shops, police say HOUSTON, Texas (KTRK) -- Two women have been arrested after multiple reports of package thefts in the West U area over the weekend, according to the West University Police Department. RELATED: Steps to take to deter porch pirates, prevent packages from being stolen According to officials, Reyes had an active warrant, and Medrano was taken in for an immigration violation. SEE ALSO: ONLY ON 13: Theft suspect found with 700 pounds of stolen mail after ABC13 report, DA's office says Officers said they worked closely with the pawn shop to recover the stolen packages.

Link: https://abc13.com/post/angleton-isd-employee-hit-school-bus-walking-work-flown-hospital-injuries-district-officials-say/18268396/
Article: Angleton ISD employee hit by school bus at work, flown to hospital for injuries, district says ANGLETON, Texas (KTRK) -- An Angleton ISD employee was hit by a school bus while going into work on Tuesday morning, officials say. According to a statement by Angleton ISD on Facebook, the 77-year-old employee was walking into work at the Transportation Center when she was hit by one of the district's buses. "We do want to let parents know that some routes may have been delayed in picking up students while emergency personnel handled the accident, but all bus routes are still running this morning." ABC13 reached out to the Angleton Police Department, which confirmed it is currently investigating the accident.

Link: https://abc13.com/post/pasadena-isd-students-face-charges-accused-plotting-shooting-memorial-high-school-records-state/18268460/
Article: 2 Pasadena ISD students accused of plotting shooting at Pasadena Memorial High School, records state PASADENA, Texas (KTRK) -- Two Pasadena ISD students have been charged after records state they allegedly conspired to participate in a school shooting. Records state that screenshots showed the teens were talking about guns, ammunition, planning the attack strategically, and "beating the cops to their office." Another witness reported receiving a text from one of the suspects stating, "Don't come to school on Monday." In addition, Lopez had allegedly posted photos of himself holding guns on Instagram around the same time. Eyewitness News reached out to Pasadena ISD, which sent the following statement: Pasadena ISD is aware of the arrest of two students who allegedly conspired to commit acts of violence. We would like to express our sincere gratitude to the Pasadena ISD Police Department, the Pasadena Police Department, and the US Marshals Gulf Coast Violent Offenders and Fugitive Task Force for their professionalism and immediate response to the threat.

Link: https://abc7.com/post/best-stocking-stuffers-2025-great-finds-every-family-member/18252104/
Article: Best Stocking Stuffers for Women: 28% off Amazon HOME SMILE Ceramic Ring Dish Jewelry Tray $9.99 $13.99 Shop Now Remind that special someone in your life how much you care with this lovely jewelry tray.

Link: https://abc7.com/post/avatar-fire-ash-cast-tours-world-james-cameron-zoe-saldaa-wow-fans-global-celebrations/18268643/
Article: "We really hope that this third installment kind of completes, rounds up what we call our saga." The "Avatar: Fire and Ash" world tour will continue with stops in Japan, the U.K, New Zealand, Australia, Mexico and Canada after beginning with the film's world premiere in Hollywood.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/wireStory/floridas-cair-vows-lawsuit-desantis-foreign-terrorist-label-128254287
Article: Ron DeSantis designated a leading Muslim civil rights organization as a “foreign terrorist organization,” leaders of the group's Florida chapter on Tuesday promised a lawsuit and said the state had no legal basis for such a declaration. The governor's executive order against the Council on American-Islamic Relations was an attack based on conspiracy theories, similar to those aimed in past decades at other minority groups like Jewish, Irish and Italian Americans that created fear and division, Hiba Rahim, the Florida chapter's deputy executive director, said at a news conference in Tampa. “We are proud to defend democracy, and we are proud to be America first.” Rahim blamed DeSantis' support for Israel as a reason for the executive order because she said the group's activism had caused “discomfort” to Israel. In October, the group played an active role in advocating for the release of a 16-year-old Palestinian-American from Florida who had been held in an Israeli prison for eight months. Questioned by reporters at a press event in North Miami Beach on Tuesday, DeSantis doubled down on his administration’s decision to label the Muslim civil rights group a “foreign terrorist organization.” “I welcome the lawsuit,” DeSantis said, calling the designation “a long time coming.” The governor also said he expects state lawmakers to push “follow-on legislation” on the issue during the regular session that starts in January. The governor's executive order instructs Florida agencies to prevent the two groups and those who have provided them material support from receiving contracts, employment and funds from a state executive or cabinet agency. CAIR last month asked a federal judge to strike down Abbott’s proclamation, saying in a lawsuit that it was “not only contrary to the United States Constitution, but finds no support in any Texas law.” Speaking at the Florida news conference Tuesday, Tampa attorney Miranda Margolis said the governor didn't have any legal authority to unilaterally designate a nonprofit as a terrorist organization. “This designation is without legal or factual basis and constitutes a dangerous escalation of anti-Muslim political rhetoric,” said Margolis, who was representing the National Lawyers Guild, a progressive legal group.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/09/santolis-tuesday-market-wrap-up-stocks-remain-on-hold-ahead-of-fed-meeting-with-a-few-interesting-sector-rotations.html
Article: See today's video update from Mike above.) Stocks continue to hesitate ahead of the Federal Reserve decision just below the old record highs and in the same spot where they sat before the prior central bank policy pronouncement. Since that point, markets priced out a December rate cut as the S & P 500 sustained the first 5% pullback since April, and then both those moves were almost fully reversed thanks to a dovish rhetorical pivot by key Fed members and late-year dip-buying dynamics backed by earnings overachievement and expectations of an early-2026 cyclical reacceleration. Last Fed meeting, Chair Jerome Powell had plenty of work to do in pulling bond traders away from pricing in a heavy probability of a December rate cut, which was not reflected in the FOMC's collective view. The doves, who think the Fed has been stingy with its move away from restrictive policy, note that the Fed after Wednesday will have cut rates 175 basis points over 15 months — a truly rare occurrence when there has been no serious recession scare. Today, the banks and consumer trade was hip-checked by comments by JPMorgan's CFO at a conference describing consumer trends as "fragile." JPMorgan (down 4%) and other big lenders quickly sold off hard. Since then, all the love is flowing toward the Broadcom / Google axis of custom AI chips and away from the Nvidia/ Microsoft /OpenAI cluster, which continues to require more capital to get where it's headed. The S & P 500 Low Volatility ETF (SPLV) has lagged the S & P 500 by more than 65 percentage points over the past three years, consumer staples by 70.

Link: https://www.latimes.com/california/story/2025-12-09/woman-claiming-to-be-heiress-allegedly-scammed-nearly-30-million-from-california-banks-authorities-say
Article: Between July 2017 and May 2018, Mary Carole McDonnell, 73, falsely claimed to be the heir to the McDonnell aircraft family and said that she would have access to an $80-million secret trust fund, according to an FBI news release. McDonnell is accused of fraudulently obtaining about $14.7 million from the Banc of California and also defrauding other institutions, resulting in a loss of more than $15 million, according to the FBI release. Nathan Hochman said his office would look into allegations — first uncovered by a Times investigation — that some plaintiffs made fraudulent claims in a sex abuse lawsuit that resulted in a $4-billion settlement. McDonnell also served as the chief executive officer of Bellum Entertainment LLC, a production company based in Burbank that produced such television series as, “I Married a Murderer,” and “It Takes a Killer,” according to KTLA.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/layoffs-hit-five-year-high-as-over-1-million-people-lose-jobs-11183489
Article: Why It Matters President Donald Trump and Republicans have touted the GOP as good for the economy, but amid the surge in layoffs and among other factors, including affordability costs, recent polling numbers show that the president could be losing Americans confidence on economic issues. What To Know U.S.-based employers announced 71,321 job cuts in November, up 24 percent from the 57,727 job cuts announced in the same month last year, according to the report. That said, job cuts in November have risen above 70,000 only twice since 2008: in 2022 and in 2008,” said Andy Challenger, workplace expert and chief revenue officer for Challenger, Gray & Christmas, in the report. What People Are Saying Alex Beene, a financial literacy instructor for the University of Tennessee at Martin, told Newsweek: “After years of lower unemployment rates and plentiful jobs in most sectors of the economy, America has in the past year seen numerous cracks in that sturdy wall, but it's too early to tell if the fissures being created are permanent. Obviously, AI is the source of most of the finger-pointing when it comes to some of the employment cutbacks, but it's important to note demand for products and services in many sectors have fallen in the last year, as well.” Michael Ryan, a finance expert and the founder of MichaelRyanMoney.com, told Newsweek: “If you work, job security is shakier than it's been in years, even in fields that have historically weathered downturns. When both your paycheck and your housing costs feel uncertain, the old advice to avoid over-leveraging and keep cash on hand suddenly feels urgent rather than cautious.” HR consultant Bryan Driscoll told Newsweek: “These layoffs signal uncertainty. So we've got this weird split where the labor market is still creating some jobs, but employers are acting like a downturn is already here.” Kevin Thompson, the CEO of 9i Capital Group and the host of the 9innings podcast, told Newsweek: “Some say it’s payback from the pandemic where companies that held on to workers and got government support are now trimming the fat. When things feel shaky, the first move for many businesses is to cut overhead.” What Happens Next As inflationary pressures for American consumers have been steadily increasing in recent years, Beene said it was only a matter of time before they started to severely scale back their spending.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/ncaa/texas-am-qb-marcel-reed-sends-clear-message-amid-transfer-portal-rumors-11182597
Article: Read More: Ole Miss Hires Former Lane Kiffin Assistant After LSU Fallout A Nashville, Tennessee native, Reed arrived at Texas A&M in 2023, evaluated as a four-star recruit and top-20 ranked QB in his class, boasting more than 20 offers from other major college football programs. Read More: Vanderbilt Drops 3-Word Reaction to Diego Pavia’s Heisman Announcement His decision to remain in College Station comes on the heels of a 2025 breakout season, where he totaled 2,932 passing yards, 25 touchdowns, and added 466 rushing yards with six rushing TDs. Reed's comments close a brief window of uncertainty that had flared amid offseason NIL chatter and heavy transfer portal activity, preserving continuity for the Aggies as they chase their first deep CFP run.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/winter-storm-map-shows-how-much-snow-expected-for-each-state-11183087
Article: National Weather Service (NWS) meteorologists across the nation have issued winter weather alerts on Tuesday, with many states expecting several inches of snow or more over the next 24 hours. Winter storm warnings and weather advisories are in place for the following states: Montana, Wyoming, North Dakota, Minnesota, Wisconsin, Michigan, Virginia, West Virginia, Maryland, Pennsylvania, New York, Vermont, New Hampshire and Maine. Winter weather advisories are in place for northern, western and southern Wyoming, with up to 2 feet of snow possible for high-elevation areas, and lesser amounts likely for lower-elevation sites. "A strong clipper system is bringing a variety of winter impacts to much of Minnesota and Wisconsin through early tomorrow morning," NWS Twin Cities said in its winter storm warning. "Heavy snowfall with rates exceeding 1 inch per hour will be possible generally along and north of I-94." Nearly the entire state of Wisconsin is under winter storm warnings or winter weather advisories, with up to 7 inches of snow expected to fall before 6 a.m. A winter weather advisory has been issued across Central Michigan, with meteorologists warning of up to 6 inches of snow from Port Huron on the state's eastern coast to Ludington on its Lake Michigan side.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/nation-world/usda-warning-dont-travel-with-pork-products-african-swine-fever/507-93623e85-e4eb-4c35-aefb-3a95e33500ce
Article: pic.twitter.com/5koIvCsudZ — USDA Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service (@USDA_APHIS) December 4, 2025 African swine fever is a viral disease that affects domestic and wild pigs but does not infect humans. "Although it is not a direct threat to human health, its deadly nature in swine could result in pork product shortages, disruptions to trade, and economic impacts," APHIS says on its website. The disease has never been reported in the United States, but its reintroduction in the Dominican Republic and Haiti in recent years poses a "serious threat to our pork industry," according to U.S.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/world/japan-assesses-damage-from-7-5-magnitude-earthquake-that-injured-34
Article: TOKYO (AP) — Japan was assessing damage Tuesday and cautioning people of potential aftershocks after a late-night 7.5 magnitude earthquake caused injuries, light damage and a tsunami in Pacific coastal communities. A tsunami of up to 70 centimeters (2 feet, 4 inches) was measured in Kuji port in Iwate prefecture, just south of Aomori, and waves up to 50 centimeters struck other communities in the region, the Japan Meteorological Agency said. Chief Cabinet Secretary Minoru Kihara said about 800 homes were without electricity and Shinkansen bullet trains and some local lines were suspended in parts of the region in the early hours of Tuesday. The Nuclear Regulation Authority said about 450 liters (118 gallons) of water spilled from a spent fuel cooling area at the Rokkasho fuel reprocessing plant in Aomori, but that its water level remained within the normal range and there was no safety concern. It said there is a slight increase in risk of a magnitude 8-level quake and possible tsunami occurring along Japan’s northeastern coast from Chiba, just east of Tokyo, to Hokkaido. The agency urged residents in 182 municipalities in the area to monitor their emergency preparedness in the coming week, reminding them that the caution is not a prediction of a big one. Monday’s quake occurred just north of the coastal region where the magnitude 9.0 quake and tsunami in 2011 killed nearly 20,000 people and destroyed the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/nation/bullets-in-luigi-mangiones-bag-convinced-police-that-he-was-unitedhealthcare-ceo-killing-suspect
Article: NEW YORK (AP) — Moments after Luigi Mangione was handcuffed at a Pennsylvania McDonald’s, a police officer searching his backpack found a loaded gun magazine wrapped in a pair of underwear. The discovery, recounted in court Monday as Mangione fights to keep evidence out of his New York murder case, convinced police in Altoona, Pennsylvania, that he was the man wanted in the killing of UnitedHealthcare CEO Brian Thompson in Manhattan five days earlier. Wasser, a 19-year Altoona police veteran, testified on the fourth day of a pretrial hearing as Mangione sought to bar prosecutors from using the magazine and other evidence against him, including a 9 mm handgun and a notebook found during a subsequent bag search. The testimony shed light on the critical minutes after Mangione was spotted at the McDonald’s and the sometimes unusual steps police officers took in collecting evidence critical to tying him to the crime. Why prosecutors say jurors should be able to see the evidence Prosecutors have said the handgun found in the backpack matches the firearm used in the killing and that writings in the notebook showed Mangione’s disdain for health insurers and ideas about killing a CEO at an investor conference. READ MORE: Pennsylvania police officer describes confronting Luigi Mangione during manhunt Wasser began searching Mangione’s bag as officers took him into custody on initial charges of forgery and false identification, after he acknowledged giving them a bogus driving license, police said. By then, a handcuffed Mangione had been informed of his right to remain silent — and invoked it — when asked if there was anything in the bag that officers should be concerned about. Wasser told another officer she wanted to check the bag for a bomb before leaving the McDonald’s because she didn’t want to repeat an incident in which another Altoona officer had inadvertently brought a bomb to the police station. According to body-worn camera video, the first few items Wasser found were innocuous: a hoagie, a loaf of bread and a smaller bag containing a passport, cellphone and computer chip. Wasser resumed her search after an 11-minute drive to the police station and almost immediately found the gun and silencer — the latter discovery prompting her to laugh and exclaim “nice,” according to body-worn camera footage. As he has throughout the case, Assistant District Attorney Joel Seidemann described Thompson’s killing as an “execution” and referred to his notebook as a “manifesto” — terms that Mangione’s lawyers said were prejudicial and inappropriate.

Link: https://feeds.texastribune.org/link/16799/17228079/texas-dan-patrick-school-property-tax-cuts-homestead-exemption
Article: Dan Patrick on Tuesday unveiled a plan to drive down property taxes by further hiking the amount of a home’s value that can’t be taxed to pay for public schools and lowering the age at which Texans qualify for additional relief on their school tax bills. Under Patrick’s proposal, dubbed “Operation Double Nickel,” the state’s homestead exemption for school property taxes would increase by another $40,000, after Texas voters in November green-lit the latest increase by the same amount, from $100,000 to $140,000. Voters also recently signed off on a proposal to raise a separate homestead exemption for homeowners over the age of 65 and those with disabilities, allowing them to take another $60,000 off their home’s taxable value. “In the next few sessions, we’re going to be able to eliminate school property taxes with homestead exemptions.” At a Capitol news conference unveiling his proposal, Patrick also reupped his opposition to the feasibility of eliminating property taxes altogether, displaying placards that said such an idea — a popular rallying cry among conservatives in the state — would inevitably lead to massive increases in sales taxes. Patrick, a Republican who presides over the Texas Senate, refused to comment on the governor’s pitch, saying that the detailing of his own plan to reporters was the first time anyone was seeing it and that he looked forward to working with Abbott and House Speaker Dustin Burrows to reach an agreement on how to lower property taxes.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/people-injured-reported-shooting-kentucky-state-university/story?id=128256648
Article: 1 dead, 1 injured in shooting at Kentucky State University, suspect in custody: Police One student is dead and another critically injured in a shooting Tuesday at Kentucky State University in Frankfort, according to school officials and police.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/09/stocks-making-the-biggest-moves-after-hours-avav-gev-cbrl.html
Article: AeroVironment — Shares of the defense technology provider slid more than 4% after its second-quarter earnings missed analyst expectations, coming in at 44 cents per share on an adjusted basis. Cracker Barrel Old Country Store — Shares of the restaurant company dropped about 9% in extended trading after Cracker Barrel's first-quarter revenue came out worse than Wall Street had expected. GE Vernova — The energy giant saw shares climb roughly 7% after it raised its 2026 revenue forecast to a range of $41 billion to $42 billion for 2026, compared with expectations of between $36 billion and $37 billion for this year. The company, which has benefited from strong power demand this year, also doubled its quarterly dividend to 50 cents from 25 cents per share and authorized the buyback of $10 billion of stock.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/09/apple-gets-a-big-price-target-hike-and-wells-fargo-plants-a-big-dealmaking-flag.html
Article: Citi said that Apple has promising AI developments on the horizon, too, citing reports that the iPhone maker is nearing a deal to pay Alphabet 's Google for its AI technology to power the upcoming, personalized Siri. Jim Cramer has been pounding the table on Apple's latest flagship device since its September launch, touting the iPhone 17 series as a substantial value given trade-in values and carrier subsidies. He added, "As long as Apple makes the best products, people will buy them." Wall Street analysts at JPMorgan and Bank of America have said that lead times, a key gauge of demand, for iPhone 17 models tracked better than for iPhone 16 models. During an industry conference on Tuesday, Scharf outlined the firm's ambitions to expand its corporate and investment banking (CIB) division to better compete with larger, more established firms like Goldman Sachs and JPMorgan . "What we've found is that we're a very attractive place for bankers to want to come work because of everything that we have to offer," Scharf said, citing Wells Fargo's massive balance sheet. Although Wells Fargo has long been viewed as a Main Street lender, management has focused in recent years on expanding its investment banking business to diversify its bottom line further. Wells co-advised Union Pacific on its $72 billion cash-and-stock deal for Norfolk Southern , one of the year's largest M & A transactions, and is helping to arrange a $59 billion bridge loan for Netflix 's planned acquisition of Warner Bros. That's because investment banking is an excellent line of business to expand into, as it further diversifies Wells' revenues and reduces the firm's reliance on interest-based income, which is sensitive to Federal Reserve monetary policy changes. Moving forward, Wells Fargo can be more aggressive in investing in the deal-making business now that regulators have removed its $1.95 trillion asset cap, which was put in place in 2018 after a fake customer accounts scandal. See here for a full list of the stocks.) As a subscriber to the CNBC Investing Club with Jim Cramer, you will receive a trade alert before Jim makes a trade.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/select/best-cash-advance-apps/
Article: What to know: Varo doesn't charge a monthly service fee, late fee or an instant delivery fee, so you can get cash fast without having to pay extra for expedited deposits. Pros Fees are based on how much you borrow so the less you borrow, the lower the fee No monthly service fee No late fee No fee for same-day or instant delivery No mandatory tip No credit check Cons Must have an active Varo Bank account with a balance over $0 to qualify Borrowing limit is based on account activity so you can only unlock higher borrowing amounts over time Learn More View More Best for borrowing larger amounts of money Who's this for? Payactiv Learn More Loan amounts Up to $1,500 Terms Repayment is automatically deducted from your next paycheck Fees No fee for ACH bank transfer; $2.49 without direct deposit of at least $200 Terms apply. Pros Lets you borrow money from your paycheck early Repayment is automatically deducted from your next paycheck Potentially no fees Option to transfer wages to your Payactiv Visa® Card but this may come with a fee Lets you borrow larger amounts of up to $1,500 Cons Real-time transfers come with a fee ACH bank transfers take up to 3 days to be completed Learn More View More Best for no mandatory fees Who's this for? Pros Lets you borrow money from your paycheck early Repayment is automatically deducted from your next paycheck Fee-free deposit option if you choose to wait 24 hours for funding No credit checks Cons $500 limit is a bit low compared to limits from other EWA services Learn More View More Best for low transfer fees Who's this for? MoneyLion Instacash charges expedited transfer fees ranging from $1.99 to $8.99 and it's based on how much money you need to borrow; the maximum advance is $500 and there's an option to tip. MoneyLion InstaCash Learn More Loan amounts Up to $1,000 for RoarMoney℠ customers; up to $500 for all others Terms Repayment is automatically deducted from linked bank accounts Fees No fee for 1–5 business days; $0.49–$8.99 for instant transfers, depending on disbursement method Terms apply. Pros Fee-free deposit option if you choose to wait 1–5 days for funding Relatively low instant transfer fees (on the lower end) compared to other services $0 monthly administrative fee Tips are optional No credit check Cons $1,000 borrowing maximum is only available to RoarMoney℠ customers Learn More View More How do cash advances work? Pros and cons of cash advances Pros Receive cash fast, usually in as little as 24 hours but sometimes within a few days Earned Wage Access services don't typically charge interest Some cash advance apps don't charge interest at all but do encourage leaving a "tip" for the service Doesn't result in a credit check Cons For immediate cash access, platforms may charge a fee Some platforms charge a monthly subscription fee Cash advances don't help you build credit since activity is not reported to credit bureaus FAQs How do you borrow money urgently? While CNBC Select earns a commission from affiliate partners on many offers and links, we create all our content without input from our commercial team or any outside third parties, and we pride ourselves on our journalistic standards and ethics. When narrowing down and ranking the best cash advance apps, we focused on the following features: Eligibility requirements Funding timeline Transfer fees Any other fees, including tipping options Interest rate, if any Advance amounts Repayment terms We also considered CNBC Select audience data when available, such as general demographics and engagement with our content and tools. Editorial Note: Opinions, analyses, reviews or recommendations expressed in this article are those of the Select editorial staff’s alone, and have not been reviewed, approved or otherwise endorsed by any third party.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/09/lean-in-x-mckinsey-report-growing-ambition-gap-between-men-and-women-at-work.html
Article: Zoom In Icon Arrows pointing outwards Stephen Lazina | CNBC It's part of a larger and "concerning" trend of companies rolling back their commitments to women's career advancement at work, says Rachel Thomas, CEO and co-founder of Lean In. How couldn't they be?" Despite the first-time ambition gap, it disappears among women who reported having the same levels of career support, sponsorship and stretch opportunities as their male peers, from entry- to senior-level employees, says Megan McConnell, a partner at McKinsey. Entry-level women face a broken rung to advance early on Historically, entry-level women under 30 have been among the most ambitious workers who want to be promoted and aspire to be senior leaders, even more so than men under 30, Thomas says. "In this year's Women in the Workplace study, employees that have sponsors are twice as likely to get promoted." With less support, "it's hard to imagine that just doesn't impact your optimism, and may actually directly impact how ambitious you feel," Thomas says. Support to learn AI and flexibility bias play a role Young professional women also receive less support from their manager to use AI at work, which matters when early adopters are rewarded and promoted. "We know that AI is going to be challenging for jobs, and it's going be the most challenging for the people that don't know how to use those tools," Lean In founder and former Meta chief operating officer Sheryl Sandberg told CNBC's Julia Boorstin in an interview Tuesday. "We are going to see disproportionate impacts," Sandberg said, "and that would be a real shame for our companies [and] bad for our economy." Young women are also more likely to be held back in their careers by the flexibility bias, according to the report: Entry-level women are more likely than men to work remotely offsite, and when they do, their promotion rates lag behind their male counterparts, who are promoted at similar rates regardless of whether they work in an office or remotely. Zoom In Icon Arrows pointing outwards Stephen Lazina | CNBC Senior-level women see a steeper path to the top A lack of support for women's advancement early on can have a compounding effect over time. Almost 25% of entry- and senior-level women who don't want a promotion say it's because personal responsibilities make it hard to take on added work, compared to 15% of men at these levels. I think it's much more about what's happening in our culture right now, and I think it's much more about a lack of support from companies." When women have career support, they want to advance at work

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nfl/nick-wright-rips-browns-coach-for-shedeur-sanders-decision-11183631
Article: It was the single worst two-point conversion anyone has called in the NFL all year.” Read more: Eagles QB Jalen Hurts Gets Brutally Honest After Chargers Loss On their two-point conversion attempt, Cleveland tried to get tricky, using running back Quinshon Judkins in a reverse-style play. According to Wright, during his recent YouTube rant, he suggested that the Browns' coaching staff is fueling conspiracy theories that the team is trying to hinder their rookie quarterback's success. But when you make choices like that, you’re adding fuel to every conspiracy about Shedeur.” Sanders had a surprising fall in this past April's NFL Draft, with many reports that he hurt his draft stock.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nfl/fantasy-football-waiver-wire-pickups-for-week-15-and-the-fantasy-playoffs-11183675
Article: His matchup isn’t ideal this week against the Broncos, but he can work the short areas of the field, and the Packers will give him some chances in the run game. Chris Godwin, Tampa Bay Buccaneers Baker Mayfield is another quarterback who has lost his passing mojo over his last four matchups (173/1, 103/1, 194/1, and 122/1), which includes an injury exit in Week 13. His wide receivers have lacked a pulse five times (9/86, 10/100, 11/74/1, 9/130, and 8/75) over their last six contests, highlighted by their low catch rate (51.6%) in those games. Luther Burden, Chicago Bears With Rome Odunze on the shelf with a foot injury, Burden was on the field for a season-high 71% of the Bears’ snaps in Week, but he jumped to a WR2 role by Olamide Zaccheaus. Likely brings the “hot hand” to this week’s matchup against the Bengals, who have the worst tight end defense (97/1,258/15 on 137 targets) by a wide margin (97.10 fantasy points in PPR formats).

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/betting/betmgm-bonus-code-newsweek1500-get-1500-bonus-for-nba-cup-quarterfinals-11183448
Article: The NBA Cup bracket is set, and we have Eastern Conference quarterfinal games today, so now is a perfect time to set up an account with the BetMGM bonus code NEWSWEEK1500 to get one of two no-brainer welcome reward. Let's take a look at some suggestions: Jalen Brunson 20+ points (-1200) Brandon Ingram 15+ points (-1600) Karl-Anthony Towns 15+ points (-1100) Desmond Bane 15+ points (-1100) Tyler Herro 15+ points (-1000) BetMGM NBA Cup Parlays Let's take a look at some of the pre-built parlays for tonight's games. Go to a matchup you are interested and expand the "pre-built parlay" dropdown menu to view these markets: Knicks -4.5, over 226.5 total points, Jalen Brunson 30+ points and 5+ assists (+525) Jalen Brunson 30+ points and 5+ assists, Karl-Anthony Towns 20+ points and 10+ rebounds (+475) Magic -3.5, Paolo Banchero 20+ points, Jalen Suggs 15+ points, Desmond Bane 15+ points (+400) Heat over 118.5 total points, Tyler Herro 20+ points, Bam Adebayo and Norman Powell EACH score 15+ points (+260) Claim BetMGM Bonus Code NEWSWEEK1500 Welcome Offer Click here or on any of the other links on this page to claim this offer. Then, follow these steps: Enter the bonus code NEWSWEEK1500 Input basic personal information (Legal name, birth date, address, etc.) Make a deposit with a compatible payment method (Credit/debit card, online banking, etc.) Place your first bet to activate your preferred offer Use any bonus bets you receive within one week before they expire Newsweek may earn an affiliate commission if you sign up through the links in this article.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/betting/betr-promo-code-newsweek-claim-210-bonus-for-nba-cup-nhl-cbb-picks-11183357
Article: You can use one of these for each entry you want to make: Bam Adebayo over 15.5 points Karl-Anthony Towns over 31.5 points + rebounds Desmond Bane over 25.5 points Josh Hart over 25.5 points + rebounds Norman Powell over 9.5 points Immanuel Quickley over 6.5 points Now, here's an example of an entry you can make, just make selections for two or more players on at least two different teams: Bam Adebayo over 15.5 points Paolo Banchero over 19.5 points Jalen Brunson over 28.5 points Mikal Bridges under 14.5 points OG Anunoby under 15.5 points Scottie Barnes over 21.5 points College Basketball DFS Picks Now, we will take a glance at an entry you might want to make for tonight's college basketball slate: Acaden Lewis over 0.5 threes made AJ Dybantsa over 20.5 points Thomas Haugh over 10.5 points Alex Karaban over 12.5 points Xavien Lee under 8.5 points Beyond the popular picks, you can look to make picks based on the number of points, rebounds, assists, threes and more. Claim Betr Promo Code NEWSWEEK Welcome Offer Utilize this welcome offer by clicking here and going through these steps: Enter the promo code NEWSWEEK alongside basic personal information (Legal name, birth date, mailing address, email address, etc.) Make a deposit to get up to $200 in bonuses (Credit card, debit card, online banking, PayPal account, etc.) Start making your selections for tonight's NBA Cup and college basketball games Decide how much you want to risk with your first entry and choose between a dynamic and perfect play Newsweek may earn an affiliate commission if you sign up through the links in this article.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/how-to-watch-heat-vs-magic-live-stream-nba-cup-quarterfinals-tv-channel-11183192
Article: How to Watch Heat vs Magic When: Tuesday, December 9, 2025 Time: 6:00 PM ET try for free ) Live Stream: Prime Video ( As the Miami Heat head into tonight’s clash with the Orlando Magic in the quarterfinals of the NBA Cup, they’re walking into a high-stakes, high-intensity showdown. With the Magic struggling for outside consistency and likely missing key rotation pieces, Miami enters as a slight favorite, and tonight’s clash might come down to whether Orlando can dig deep defensively or whether the Heat impose their tempo and execute under pressure. You can watch the NBA, as well as other live sports, on Prime Video all season long, along with a wide array of other entertainment options available on the streaming service, which offers a free trial.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/ncaa/lsu-ed-orgeron-update-reunion-11183597
Article: More News: CFP Committee Explains Controversial Notre Dame-Alabama Decision After brief flirtations with Group of 5 programs, Blake Baker decided to return to the Tigers as their defensive coordinator in 2026. He never called me and said, 'Hey, you want to come?' I never called him and said, 'I want to go.'" Orgeron understands why Kiffin might avoid hiring the former LSU head coach in his first season. "But as a head coach, when you go into a situation like that, you got to feel out the land of the land and you got to do what's best for you," Orgeron said.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/mlb/yankees-get-cody-bellinger-dodgers-update-as-rumors-grow-11183365
Article: Cody Bellinger was a great addition to the New York Yankees last offseason, but he played well enough to opt out of his deal in search of a more lucrative contract. "It’s naïve to rule out the Dodgers when it comes to any big-ticket free agent, but their need for (Kyle) Tucker or Bellinger is not as dire as some of the other teams pursuing the outfielders," wrote Feinsand. The Yankees have been very open about their desire to keep Bellinger, and if the Dodgers are not pursuing him seriously, the Yankees are in better shape to re-sign him.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/jubilant-sykes-death-son-santa-monica-opera-singer-11183432
Article: Grammy-Nominated Opera Singer Jubilant Sykes Killed: What We Know According to a press release from the Santa Monica Police Department (SMPD), officers responded quickly to the residence after receiving a 911 call reporting an assault on Monday around 9:20 p.m. On the scene, they contacted the party who made the call—later identified in media reports as Sykes’ wife—and were led inside, where they found Sykes suffering from severe stab wounds. Micah Sykes will be booked for homicide, and the case will be forwarded to the Los Angeles County District Attorney’s Office for breach of review and filing consideration, ABC7 reported. People are calling me now just crying.” Sammy Murphy, Sykes' neighbor and friend, told KTLA: "What a singer...good spirit, good-hearted person, beautiful family." What Happens Next SMPD detectives continue to investigate the circumstances leading to the incident.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/local/kentucky-state-university-shooting-injuries/417-253340e7-ad4e-40aa-a1d1-a48ab528e435
Article: Andy Beshear said he is aware of the shooting and asked for everyone to "pray for all those affected." "We are in direct contact with the families and providing every available support to them," KSU continued in its statement. "Counseling and support services are available for students, faculty and staff who may be impacted by this event." The KSU campus is located in Frankfort, which is about 55 miles east of Louisville.

Link: https://abc13.com/post/hpd-searching-suspects-involved-sw-houston-jewelry-heist-totaling-15-million-officials-say/18268547/
Article: HPD searching for three suspects involved in daylight heist of jewelry totaling $1.5 million HOUSTON, Texas (KTRK) -- The Houston Police Department is looking for three male suspects who were involved in a million-dollar jewelry heist earlier this year. HPD said the three suspects, identified as men, exited the minivan and used a crowbar to pry open the back door of the delivery truck, stealing $1.5 million in gold and jewelry.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cx2g03gv2z6o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Major talks on changes to ECHR migration rules set to start 19 minutes ago Share Save Dominic Casciani Home and Legal Correspondent Share Save BBC Inside the courtroom at the ECHR International talks to revolutionise how the European Court of Human Rights handles migration cases will begin on Wednesday. Writing ahead of the major meeting in Strasbourg, Sir Keir Starmer and Danish Prime Minister Mette Frederiksen said other nations should rethink human rights laws to make protecting borders easier. The BBC understands that the aim is for member states to reach a political declaration by the spring which would set how the European Convention on Human Rights is applied in migration cases. The meeting at the Council of Europe, the political body that agrees the human rights laws which are then applied by the court, comes after months of pressure over migration. Liberal Democrat leader Sir Ed Davey said he would oppose such a move saying the convention "upholds our freedom" and would "do nothing to stop the boats or fix our broken immigration system". EPA Danish Prime Minister Mette Frederiksen and British Prime Minister Keir Starmer meeting in London earlier this year Writing in the Guardian newspaper ahead of the talks, Sir Keir and his Danish counterpart Mette Frederiksen said that the member states meeting on Wednesday must "go further in tackling" the "shared challenges" of "uncontrolled migration" that they said were undermining public confidence in governments.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/arts/14-best-book-of-2025-according-to-these-experts
Article: Kiran Desai is a brilliant, all encompassing writer, and I love this book.” – Ann Patchett The Antidote by Karen Russel “Nobody does the old weird America better than Karen Russell. And in the middle is our main character, a prairie witch called The Antidote, who holds people’s memories that they otherwise can’t contain.” -Maureen Corrigan Heart the Lover by Lily King “It’s a follow-up to ‘Writers & Lovers,’ but Lily King is such a brilliant designer of narrative that you don’t have to have read the first novel to really fall in love with this one. It’s about a love triangle at a college campus in the nineteen eighties, and it follows our main character, a woman nicknamed Jordan, as she tries to pull her life together in the decades afterwards.” -Maureen Corrigan Non-fiction Mother Mary Comes to Me by Arundhati Roy “Arundhati Roy burst into the literary scene in 1996 with her international best-selling booker prize winning ‘The God of Small Things,’ which sold over six million copies. And do yourself the biggest favor when you’ve finished reading it, go back and reread ‘The God of Small Things.’ And you can just see what stories you can tell in nonfiction and in fiction and how they overlap.” – Ann Patchett A Long Game: Notes on Writing Fiction by Elizabeth McCracken “There are so many people on your holiday list who want to be writers. And she has wonderful, wonderful tough love, direct, and very funny advice on how to be the writer you want to be.” – Ann Patchett Last Seen: The Enduring Search by Formerly Enslaved People to Find Their Lost Families by Judith Ann Giesberg “Judith Giesberg is a historian. In 2017, with a lot of her research grad students, she constructed a website, the Last Seen website, that gathered together every ad they could find, placed by formerly enslaved people looking for their family members who were sold away. It really deepens our understanding of the lived experience of slavery.” –Maureen Corrigan Bread of Angels by Patti Smith “Patti Smith’s latest memoir celebrates the 50th anniversary of her landmark album, ‘Horses.’ Patti Smith is such an American original, and this book really focuses more, goes back to her childhood, but also on her marriage to Fred ‘Sonic’ Smith, another musician. Her prose is both filled with poetry, but also this rough authenticity, and I love her.” -Maureen Corrigan Children’s Books If We Were Dogs by Sophie Blackall “This is about two people who are having a conversation. And not only do parents love reading it to children, the children are going crazy for this book.” – Ann Patchett The Norendy Tales Trilogy by Kate DiCamillo “These are three very tiny little books by Kate DiCamillo, three very short novels put together in a boxed set. It’s fascinating.” -Maureen Corrigan Best Book to Give as a Gift Christmas on Jane Street by Billy Romp and Wanda Urbanska “I came across this book in an independent bookstore in Greenwich Village last year called Three Lives. It’s a memoir by Billy Romp writing about the nearly 20 years that he and his family would drive down from Vermont the day after Thanksgiving and sell Christmas trees in Greenwich Village up until Christmas Eve. It’s a lovely book about the communities that exist in big cities that oftentimes we are so unaware of.” -Maureen Corrigan Dog Show by Billy Collins “A collection of Billy’s dog poems throughout his career, beautifully illustrated. If you love poetry, if you would like to love poetry, if you’ve ever loved a dog, this would be such a terrific book.” – Ann Patchett Book You Could Not Live Without Buckeye by Patrick Ryan “This is just such a terrific novel. This is a book that women will love, that men will love, that you know, if you have someone on your list who says, ‘Oh, I only read nonfiction,’ they still will love this book.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/nation/more-people-crowdfunded-for-basic-needs-like-food-and-housing-in-2025-gofundme-reports
Article: WATCH: Trump floats tariff ‘dividends’ for Americans, but experts question the math The number of “essentials” fundraisers has increased over the last three years in all of the company’s major English-speaking markets, according to GoFundMe CEO Tim Cadogan. In the United States, the self-published report comes at the end of a year that has seen weakened wage growth for lower-income workers, sluggish hiring, a rise in the unemployment rate and low consumer confidence in the economy. And what is interesting is that people do step up and support folks in those situations.” Among campaigns aimed at addressing broader community needs, food banks were the most common recipient on GoFundMe this year. The platform experienced a nearly sixfold spike in food-related fundraisers between the end of October and first weeks of November, according to Cadogan, as many Americans’ monthly SNAP benefits got suddenly cut off during the government shutdown. These uses suggest that online crowdfunding has come a long way from its roots as a way for entrepreneurs to raise money for their artistic or business endeavors, according to University of Toronto postdoctoral researcher Martin Lukk. Lukk, who studies economic inequality and co-authored a book about the “unfulfilled promise of digital crowdfunding,” said the findings act somewhat as a “barometer of where things are at in terms of desperation.” “When there’s no other net to catch people, I think GoFundMe is where they often end up,” Lukk said. At the end of a year that began with the Los Angeles wildfires that struck Cadogan’s community of Altadena, the GoFundMe CEO said he is “blown away” by the power of help.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/09/buy-this-chipmaker-over-nvidia-as-ai-competition-ramps-up-strategist-says.html
Article: Investors can look to Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing for a steady way to play the artificial intelligence rally, according to F.L.Putnam Investment Management chief market strategist and portfolio manager Ellen Hazen. Hazen appeared on CNBC's " Power Lunch " on Tuesday and shared her thoughts about the best way to navigate the AI trade, which has hit some speedbumps in recent months amid concerns about elevated valuations, risky financing methods and the return on hyperscalers' massive investments. The investor said that "there is almost certainly going to be a bubble" given the amount of spending going into the new technology needed for AI, but she believes that it will not be comparable to the scale of historical tech bubbles, such as the dot-com bubble of the late 1990s and the railroad boom-and-bust during the 1840s. In the third quarter, the company's high-performance computing division, which encompasses artificial intelligence and 5G applications, accounted for 57% of TSMC's revenue and made up the biggest chunk of its quarterly sales. "On top of that, if Nvidia does begin to lose, for example, to the Google TPUs or others, then you still have TSMC manufacturing the chips." Hazen said she still likes Nvidia but believes that President Donald Trump 's decision to let Nvidia sell its H200 chips to "approved customers" in China is not exactly enough to move the needle for the tech giant. Jensen Huang has been on record saying that it could add $3.5 billion per quarter in revenue, and that adds up to a few percent in earnings growth, and that's if even China is going to buy it.

Link: https://www.latimes.com/california/story/2025-12-09/stockton-mass-shooting-update-masked-gunmen-fired-at-least-50-rounds-sheriff-says
Article: At least 50 rounds were fired by multiple masked gunmen during an attack at a crowded banquet hall that left three children and an adult dead in Stockton, San Joaquin Sheriff Patrick Withrow said Tuesday during an update to the investigation of the deadly mass shooting. But 10 days after the shooting left four people dead, 11 wounded, and a city rattled, Withrow pleaded with the community to remain patient, saying it could still be weeks or months before arrests are made and the community receives answers. Advertisement “I know this is going to be difficult, but this is not going to be in a week or two we’ve got an answer and we start arresting people — you have to know that,” Withrow said. “This is going to take months to process all this, figure out who did this.” The victims were identified by family members as Maya Lupian, 8; Journey Rose Reotutar Guerrero, 8; Amari Peterson, 14; and Susano Archuleta, 21. Lee agreed, saying, “There’s nothing else to talk about other than to catch the people who are responsible.” Advertisement On Tuesday, Withrow said investigators were still determining a motivation for the attack, but that known gang members attended the birthday party. California Inside the Stockton banquet hall where kids were slaughtered, parents return to a scene of horror In an act that left this gritty San Joaquin Valley city in a state of numb fear, a gunman or gunmen had crashed their child’s birthday party Saturday night. “The only information we’re getting so far from folks who were at the scene was that the people involved in this were dressed all in black and had face coverings, so all you could see was this,” Withrow said, motioning with his hand around his eyes.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/trump-approval-rating-rises-among-women-new-poll-shows-11183502
Article: The president's approval rating has been lower than 38 percent with women for weeks, with the last time Trump landing the mark or higher being in a survey conducted from October 10 to October 13. What People Are Saying Lara Trump, the president's daughter-in-law, on X in October: "The 'experts' have been underestimating @realDonaldTrump since 1985 - he knew then and he proved today why he is the ultimate deal maker. I believe he will leave office with the highest approval rating of any modern president…the first 9.5 months were just the beginning" CNN Chief Data Analyst Harry Enten, on X earlier this month: "Gallup's poll = disaster for Trump. No 2nd term pres' net approval rose more than 5 pts from this pt through the midterms." What Happens Next Observers will likely closely monitor whether Trump’s improved approval rating among women persists as policy debates and campaign efforts continue ahead of the 2026 midterms.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/betting/draftkings-promo-code-claim-200-bonus-for-college-basketball-nba-cup-games-11183306
Article: 6+ rebounds (-414) Jalen Suggs 4+ rebounds (-408) Scottie Barnes 15+ points (-436) Karl-Anthony Towns 9+ rebounds (-495) Jakob Poeltl 6+ rebounds (-494) Jalen Brunson 20+ points + rebounds + assists (-425) Betting $5 on any of these markets will give you a great chance of winning the $200 in bonuses. Let's go through them: NBA Cup Profit Boost: Get a profit boost for any bet on tonight's NBA Cup games CBB Parlay Profit Boost: Get a profit boost for any college basketball parlay tonight Daily Drop: Get a profit boost reward for any sport European Soccer Profit Boost: Get a profit boost for a SGP or SGPx for all Champions League matches today 30% CBB Profit Boost: Get a 30% profit boost for a bet on Clemson-BYU or Florida-UConn tonight DraftKings Promo Code: Redeem $200 Bonus Set up your new account here to claim this offer. You will just have to follow these steps: Enter basic personal information (Name, date of birth, address, etc.) Make an initial deposit with a secure payment option (Credit card, debit card, online banking, etc.) Place your initial $5 bet on tonight's NBA Cup games or any other sport and wait for it to settle If you win the $200 in bonus bets, use them within one week before they expire Newsweek may earn an affiliate commission if you sign up through the links in this article.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/real-housewives-siggy-flicker-praises-alina-habba-11183054
Article: Former Real Housewives of New Jersey cast member Siggy Flicker praised Alina Habba, a former lawyer for President Donald Trump, for being a fighter for the country, the day after Habba resigned as acting U.S. The Context Habba resigned from her position after a judge disqualified her on the grounds that Trump didn’t have the ability to put her in the role to begin with. “Surround yourself with FIGHTERS who will never give in to the evil trying to destroy this country!” Flicker posted a second photo of a group of women, including Habba, and wrote that she was grateful for the “love and support from amazing friends.” Newsweek reached out to Flicker via email for comment but did not receive a response in time for publication. Months earlier, Habba posted a photo with a group of women, including Flicker, and captioned it, “Google friend goals… this is it.” Habba also previously congratulated Flicker on her appointment to the board, calling her a “tireless advocate.” In announcing her resignation, Habba said her compliance with the court’s ruling should not be mistaken for “surrender.” She added that her leaving that position wouldn’t weaken the Justice Department and that she was staying on as an advisor to Attorney General Pam Bondi. What They’re Saying Bondi on X: “These judges should not be able to countermand the President’s choice of attorneys entrusted with carrying out the executive branch’s core responsibility of prosecuting crime.” Habba, in a statement posted on X: “What these obstructionists misunderstood is that my loyalty is not to politics, a title, or a ZIP code. Attorney whose appointment is not FVRA compliant." What Happens Next It’s unclear exactly what Habba will do beyond being an advisor to Bondi, but as a steadfastly loyal supporter of Trump, she’s likely to continue to be involved in his administration.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nba/ja-morant-trade-package-projection-floated-miami-heat-11182829
Article: But as long as Morant isn’t on the floor getting his redemption after a shaky start to the 2025-2026 NBA season, the NBA world will assume he could be one of several NBA stars to get moved soon enough. The Heat were not expecting to be as good as they've been this season, according to sources with knowledge of the team's thinking, and a 14-10 start in a wide-open East appears to have them considering bolder win-now measures.” ... “Morant may not be an immediate fit based on the Heat's current offensive system,” BR’s Eric Pincus wrote, “but the franchise could take the risk on his elite talent on the hope that their famed work-ethic-above-all-else culture offsets any flaws.” ...

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/ncaa/auburn-reject-bowl-game-11183720
Article: More News: Marcus Freeman ‘Upset’ With Alabama Jumping Notre Dame As more postseason games were added to the schedule, the bowl season started to become diluted, though there were still prestigious games played around New Year's Day. New Auburn head coach Alex Golesh explained his reasoning for not playing in a bowl game, saying it would have been hard to coach a team with all of the staff turnover. “I think if it all had happened a week ago and our guys were all here, the staff that was previously here was still here intact for the most part, I think that would have been realistic,” Alex Golesh said, via On3. If you’re going to go play a game you’re going to go win the game.” Golesh said most of the players went home after finals, and Auburn didn't want to bring them back as the program deals with roster management for 2026.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nfl/baker-mayfield-breaks-silence-after-buccaneers-sign-super-bowl-champion-11183622
Article: Through Week 14, the Tampa Bay Buccaneers are 7-6 and lead the NFC South, but they’re hardly secure, sitting just one game ahead of the Carolina Panthers for the division lead. The 36-year-old pass rusher — a key rotational piece on the Bucs’ 2020 Super Bowl team and three-time Pro Bowler — arrives after a two-year absence from consistent snaps and will initially provide depth, experience, and a veteran voice around the locker room. Read More: Shedeur Sanders’ Breakout Forces Browns to Shift QB Plans, per ESPN Analyst A first-round pick in 2010, Pierre-Paul holds career totals of 94.5 sacks with 21 forced fumbles, 167 QB hits, and two Super Bowl rings (one with the New York Giants, one with the Buccaneers). Read More: Bengals Cut Ties With Former Third-Round Pick Day After His Suspension Through 13 games, Mayfield has totaled 2,722 passing yards with 20 touchdowns and sixinterceptions, completing 61.6% of his throws for a 90.6 passer rating — production that's kept Tampa Bay in the mix but also raised questions about their offensive ceiling. Tampa Bay has scored 299 points (23.0 per game) while surrendering 325 (25.0 per game), a -26 differential that ranks 21st in the league and leaves the team on unstable ground despite clinging to a playoff spot.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/ncaa/lane-kiffin-lsu-tigers-target-dylan-raiola-transfer-portal-11183752
Article: There is a chance he could turn into LSU's lead man for the next two years and continue developing towards his goal of becoming an NFL quarterback in the future. Read more: Indiana, Curt Cignetti Emerging in Race for Elite Transfer QB Another option to keep an eye on could be Arizona State signal caller Sam Leavitt, who has reportedly decided to enter the transfer portal.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/blizzard-warning-issued-as-people-could-get-stranded-11183274
Article: According to NWS advisories, blizzard conditions are defined as frequent wind gusts of 35 mph or higher, accompanied by blowing and falling snow that reduces visibility to less than one-quarter mile for three hours or more. In certain regions, the NWS notes, a temporary lull in snow accumulation could occur Wednesday afternoon, but strong winds will persist, sustaining hazardous conditions and low visibility into Thursday morning.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/nation-world/save-student-loan-plan-ending/507-6d3e26bb-945d-4850-9fa6-62e8377b0eb5
Article: Department of Education announced Tuesday that it reached a proposed settlement with the State of Missouri that would formally end the Biden administration’s Saving on a Valuable Education, or SAVE, student loan repayment plan. If approved by a court, the settlement would end what the department described as a period of uncertainty for more than 7 million borrowers whose loans were placed in administrative forbearance after portions of the plan were halted. “For four years, the Biden Administration sought to unlawfully shift student loan debt onto American taxpayers,” Under Secretary of Education Nicholas Kent said in a statement, adding that the agreement with Missouri would bring an end to what the department called illegal student loan forgiveness policies.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/local/rod-paige-death/285-737ebc67-126e-4238-875d-9d6621c11700
Article: “Unsatisfied with the status quo, he challenged what we called ‘the soft bigotry of low expectations.’ Rod worked hard to make sure that where a child was born didn’t determine whether they could succeed in school and beyond. He devoted his life to America’s young people and made a difference.” Houston Mayor John Whitmire also issued a statement, calling Paige “a Houston hero, respected educator and a dear friend.” “Throughout his distinguished career in public service… Dr. Paige’s life and keep his family and loved ones in your prayers.” Harris County Commissioner Rodney Ellis said he was also deeply saddened, describing Paige as “a trailblazing educator, proud Houstonian, and devoted public servant.” “I will always be grateful to Dr. Paige for his sage wisdom and for helping me secure an undergraduate scholarship to attend Texas Southern University — an opportunity that set me on the path to becoming the person I am today,” Ellis said. “His belief in young people was not abstract; he lived it, and I am one of many whose lives were shaped by his generosity and vision.” According to the U.S. During his tenure, he helped steer the rollout of the No Child Left Behind Act, a major federal reform effort aimed at improving student achievement and increasing accountability in public schools. The Department of Education credited Paige with pushing management reforms inside the agency, including a Blueprint for Management Excellence that led to cleaner financial audits and more oversight of operations.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/local/texas/gamestop-trade-in-anything-day-bobcat-weirdest-items/273-cdbef245-354c-4d65-a0a7-80e7bed63879
Article: SAN ANTONIO — When it comes to GameStop's eyebrow-raising "Trade Anything Day" – a promotion that encouraged customers to literally trade in anything (with some exceptions) at their local store this past Saturday – Texans didn't disappoint. They were will within the promotion's rules: While GameStop warned that things like hazardous waste, computers, drugs, jewelry, and dead or live animals wouldn't be accepted on Saturday, the videogame store did say taxidermy would be deemed valid. Here are some of the other items: A goose A tiny Jesus Air Jordans A “happy heater” A framed dog portrait A literal can of whoop-ass A Wii Netflix disc Non-alcoholic cider donated to store employees The company took to social media to share photos of other eye-opening items, including a stars-and-stripes biker helmet, gas mask and even a copy of the Declaration of Independence.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/09/hassett-likely-next-fed-chair-but-most-think-trump-should-nominate-someone-else-cnbc-fed-survey-shows.html
Article: 76% of respondents think the next Fed chair will be more dovish than current Fed chief Jerome Powell — that is, quicker to cut rates if labor markets weaken and slower to raise them in the face of above-target inflation. Zoom In Icon Arrows pointing outwards "GDP is tracking at nearly 4%, inflation remains above target, financial conditions remain very easy, and the deglobalization of product and labor markets continues," said Richard Bernstein, CEO of Richard Bernstein Advisors. "Given that backdrop, it seems ill-advised to discount the inflation risks associated with further rate cuts." Scott Wren of Wells Fargo Investment Institute added: "The Fed will cut in December even though you can make a very rationale argument that they should not do anything." The growth outlook has been ticking up and is now running at 2% this year and a bit higher next year. That means we are also likely understating the risk that inflation could stick." And not much downside is seen in the job market, with the unemployment rising only a few tenths next year and declining in 2027.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/09/hinge-founder-leaves-ceo-role-to-launch-ai-powered-dating-service.html
Article: Along with a dedicated team, McLeod spent much of this year developing the startup with support from Match Group, which said it plans to lead Overtone's initial funding round in early 2026.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/9/brigitte-macron-faces-criticism-after-using-sexist-insult-about-activists?traffic_source=rss
Article: French First Lady Brigitte Macron is facing criticism after a video emerged of her using a sexist slur against feminist activists who disrupted the show of an actor-comedian once accused of rape. The scene filmed on Sunday showed France’s first lady in discussion backstage at the Folies Bergère theatre in central Paris with actor Ary Abittan before a performance he was about to give. The previous night, feminist campaigners had disrupted his show, wearing masks of the actor bearing the word “rapist” and shouting, “Abittan, rapist!” A woman in 2021 accused the actor of rape, but in 2023, investigators dropped the case, citing a lack of evidence. Among those was actor Judith Godreche, who has become a feminist icon since accusing two directors of sexually abusing her when she was a minor and calling for an end to such behaviour in France’s cultural sector. Screen icon Gerard Depardieu was convicted in May of sexually assaulting two women on a film set in 2021, and is to stand trial charged with raping an actor in 2018. French President Emmanuel Macron in 2023 had expressed admiration for Depardieu, saying at the time the actor was the target of a “manhunt” and that he stood behind the presumption of innocence. Speaking to broadcaster RTL, Hollande said: “There’s a problem of vulgarity.” But on the French far-right, National Rally lawmaker Jean-Philippe Tanguy said Brigitte Macron’s comments were delivered in private and “stolen”.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/9/zelenskyy-meets-pope-leo-xiv-in-rome-amid-us-pressure-over-peace-plan?traffic_source=rss
Article: “Ukraine deeply appreciates all the support of His Holiness Pope Leo XIV and the Holy See – the ongoing humanitarian assistance and the readiness to expand humanitarian missions,” Zelenskyy wrote on X after the audience at the Vatican. The meeting took place at St Peter’s Basilica, the same setting where Zelenskyy and US President Donald Trump were pictured sitting face-to-face at the funeral of Pope Francis in April, after a period of public criticism between the two leaders in Washington. Zelenskyy said a revised peace plan now contained 20 points, though there was still no agreement on Russia’s demand that Ukraine surrender occupied territory, which has become the major sticking point in negotiations.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/news/us-news/army-gynecologist-criminally-charged-allegations-secretly-filmed-patie-rcna247354
Article: Blaine McGraw, who practiced at Fort Hood, Texas, with indecent visual recording along with other offenses, including conduct unbecoming of an officer, willful disobedience of a superior officer and making a false statement. McGraw had already been in custody at the Bell County Jail after he was found last week to have violated "conditions of liberty imposed by his commander," Army officials have said, without elaborating. Bell County Sheriff's Office Officials at Fort Hood and the Tripler Army Medical Center in Hawaii, where McGraw worked from June 2019 to June 2023, have sent letters to patients informing them of the investigation and the creation of a hotline to report complaints. The lawsuit alleges that there are scores of additional victims of McGraw’s misconduct and accuses Army leadership of allowing him to continue practicing despite complaints about him that dated back years. Tripler announced last month that it was planning to notify McGraw's former patients about the investigation and about how to contact Army investigators and reach out to the hospital for support.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/politics/congress/senate-republicans-plan-vote-health-care-alternative-aca-funds-look-li-rcna248259
Article: careens to a health care cliff, Senate Republicans say they’ll offer a bill written by two key committee chairs as an alternative to extending billions of dollars in Affordable Care Act funds that are expiring this month. Majority Leader John Thune, R-S.D., said the Senate will vote on a bill by Senate Finance Chair Mike Crapo, R-Idaho, and Senate HELP Chair Bill Cassidy, R-La., “side-by-side” to Democratic legislation that would extend the enhanced ACA funds for three years, preventing sharp premium increases. He stopped short of promising that all 53 Republicans would back the Republican bill, but it is almost certain to fail either way, as it would take 60 votes to advance. “Our members — and I can’t say 100%, but I think for the most part, I would argue — are united behind the Crapo-Cassidy proposal,” Thune told reporters Tuesday after a Senate Republican lunch meeting where they discussed what to do. Thune said the bill “is about patients, not insurance companies; and about lowering premiums, not increasing them, and about getting a better return for the federal taxpayer.” The Crapo-Cassidy bill would allow the ACA tax credits to expire and instead approve new funds to boost health savings accounts, or HSAs, which Americans up to 700% of the poverty level can use to buy “bronze” or “catastrophic” plans, the lowest tiers of insurance available under the ACA. Sabrina Corlette, a Georgetown professor who specializes in health care policy, said the Republican bill amounts to “offering people a 1-foot rope to get out of a 10-foot hole.” “The average deductible for a bronze plan is $7,500, double that for a family plan,” she said. There’s no adjustment for income, meaning this proposal wildly favors wealthier — and healthier — enrollees.” Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer, D-N.Y., slammed the Republican bill as a “phony proposal” and a “nonstarter” that is “dead on arrival” in the chamber. Their chaos sends premiums up.” Schumer has said all 47 Democratic caucus members will support his bill to extend the existing ACA premium tax credits for three years when it comes up on Thursday. In the House, every Democrat has signed a “discharge petition” to force a vote on the same bill; it would need the support of a majority of the House, meaning at least a few Republicans, to bring the bill to the floor. Schumer added that stricter abortion restrictions, as GOP lawmakers have demanded as part of any deal, are “off the table.” He said Republicans are doing it because they’re “afraid” of the anti-abortion group SBA Pro-Life America and don’t “care about reducing health care costs.” The Senate alternative comes as many Republicans — especially those facing re-election next year — are scrambling to get behind some kind of plan to address sharp premium hikes that are scheduled to kick in next month for millions of Americans. Thom Tillis, R-N.C., said he heard from a constituent who’s “currently paying $800 a month for health insurance, for a couple and three children.” “They just communicated to me, it’s going to be twice, going to be $1,600 a month. We’ve got to solve it, or going into next year, we will own a problem that they created.” Republicans have offered a potpourri of other proposals to ease the pain. But none of the Republican plans to prevent ACA funds from expiring have consensus in the party, as many GOP lawmakers in both chambers want the money to expire on schedule. This bill builds on the work we did in the Working Families Tax Cuts Act and will help Americans manage the rising cost of health care without driving costs even higher.” Larry Levitt, a health policy expert with the research group KFF, highlighted the “tradeoffs” in the GOP proposal, saying it would benefit healthier people while raising costs on sicker people. People with substantial health needs would blow through their modest health savings accounts and face big, out-of-pocket costs.” “The Republican plan would not avoid ACA enrollees seeing their out-of-pocket premiums doubling next year,” Levitt added.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/ncaa/duke-blue-devils-darian-mensah-slammed-brutal-ranking-cfp-snub-11183882
Article: Trevor Sikkema of Pro Football Focus recently ranked the top 315 prospects in the nation going into the 2026 NFL Draft, and he had Mensah all the way at No. He'll need to get bigger and stronger to project as a viable pro prospect." Mensah is widely expected to return to Durham for next season, but you still kind of get the feeling he is getting a bit disrespected here in terms of his standing as an NFL prospect. While the 20-year-old definitely lacks the top-tier athleticism you would want from a dual threat in today's game, he has very impressive arm talent, reads the defense well and has solid size at 6-foot-3, 205 pounds. Read more: Texas Coach Steve Sarkisian Shares Blunt Opinion on SEC Championship Game Perhaps Mensah will further build his stock next year and establish himself as one of the top quarterback prospects heading into the 2027 NFL Draft.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/jd-vance-wife-usha-restaurant-photo-marriage-11183830
Article: Why It Matters Scrutiny of public figures’ personal lives continues to spark conversations on social media, with online speculation about the vice president and his wife illustrating the challenges faced by families in the national spotlight. What To Know Taking to X, Vance reacted to the image, saying, "I always wear an undershirt when I go out in public to have a fight loudly with my wife." The post Vance commented on has over 7 million views, 26 thousand likes, and over a thousand comments.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/ncaa/chad-scott-fired-texas-11183815
Article: More News: CFP Committee Explains Controversial Notre Dame-Alabama Decision One of the more notable pieces of news on Monday was that sophomore running back CJ Baxter is set to explore his options in the transfer portal.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/local/army-officially-charges-fort-hood-doctor-blaine-mcgraw/500-0ee668e8-581c-428c-b8cb-bd2375d6f630
Article: McGraw faces 54 specifications for indecent visual recording, five specifications of conduct unbecoming an officer, one specification of willful disobedience of a superior officer and one specification of making a false official statement, in alleged violations of Articles 120c, 133, 90 and 107 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/money/consumer/base-power-expands-as-texans-seek-relief-from-unreliable-grid/287-8a03faad-b258-43e8-bc5b-06f435f3c567
Article: “We have a system that detects when an outage happens and in half a second, switches on the batteries and powers the whole home,” said Cole Jones, the company’s head of growth. “We don't have enough supply of power plants that we can turn on, and batteries, to get us through a long, cold winter night when the wind turbines go offline,” Hirs said, pointing to freezing rain conditions like those in 2021.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/nation-world/fbi-releases-new-photo-ryan-wedding-former-olympian-drug-trafficking/507-1280d298-ab0e-421a-84cb-5274d631eb7c
Article: The image, believed to have been taken in Mexico over the summer, shows Wedding lying shirtless in bed with a prominent lion tattoo visible on his chest, according to the FBI's Los Angeles field office. #WANTED: Ryan James Wedding is wanted for allegedly running and participating in a transnational… pic.twitter.com/tNbrLQEOvI — FBI Los Angeles (@FBILosAngeles) December 9, 2025 Wedding competed for Canada in the parallel giant slalom snowboarding event at the 2002 Winter Olympics in Salt Lake City, finishing 24th. Wedding and his alleged second-in-command, Andrew Clark, are also accused of ordering multiple murders, including the November 2023 killings of two members of a family in Ontario in retaliation for a stolen drug shipment. At his sentencing, he apologized to the court and his family for his "stupid and irresponsible decisions." Authorities say Wedding uses multiple aliases, including "El Jefe," "Giant," "Boss" and "Public Enemy." He is described as 6 feet 3 inches tall, 240 pounds, with brown hair and blue eyes.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/football/articles/c208392884jo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Mehdi Taj, head of Iran's Football Federation, was quoted by local news agency ISNA as saying Tehran and Cairo had both raised "objections against the issue", which he labelled an "irrational move that supports a certain group". Co-hosts USA face Australia on June 19, which has already been designated to mark Juneteenth - the celebration of the end of slavery in the United States - while the other group matches feature either Egypt or Qatar, another country with strict laws against same-sex relationships. "The Egypt v Iran match in Seattle in June just happens to be the Pride match, and I think that is a good thing, actually," he wrote on social media, external. All are welcome to be themselves in Seattle." It is not the first time an attempted gesture of support for LGBTQ+ people at the World Cup has run into issues. At the 2022 World Cup in Qatar - a country which also has laws against same-sex relationships - Fifa said players who wore the OneLove armband in support of LGBTQ+ people would receive yellow cards. Before that tournament, then-UK Foreign Secretary James Cleverly said LGBT football fans who attended the Qatar tournament should show "a little bit of flex and compromise" in respect of the country's laws - remarks described as "tone deaf" by critics.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/09/trump-trade-rep-changes-china-soybean-purchase-timeline-cites-discrepancy.html
Article: US Trade Representative Jamieson Greer testifies during a US Senate Appropriations Subcommittee on Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies hearing on 2026 funding priorities, on Capitol Hill in Washington, DC, Dec. Trade Representative Jamieson Greer on Tuesday told a Senate Appropriations subcommittee that the deadline for China to buy 12 million metric tons of soybeans from American farmers was not the end of December as the White House has said, but the end of the "growing season." Greer's comment at the hearing came on the heels of a report by NBC News showing that the pace of China's purchase of soybeans in recent weeks, after a months-long boycott of buying, was well short of reaching 12 million metric tons by the end of the year. She noted that the White House fact sheet on the trade deal said China would purchase 12 million metric tons by the end of the calendar year -- contradicting recent comments from Greer.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/09/trump-economy-pennsylvania-speech.html
Article: The speech in Mount Pocono, Pennsylvania, comes as data show Americans feeling squeezed by high prices, which continue to creep up despite Trump's insistence that he has all but conquered inflation. Democrats, who hope to retake majority control of at least one chamber of Congress in the 2026 midterms, have focused intently on a message of affordability, while blaming Trump's tariffs and other economic policies for high prices. In an interview with Politico on Monday, Trump said he would give his economy a grade of "A-plus-plus-plus-plus-plus." The domestic trip to a key swing state marks a return to the sort of voter outreach that defined Trump's political campaigns, but has grown rarer during the 79-year-old's first year back in the White House.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/video/inside-story/2025/12/9/is-tanzania-heading-for-deeper-upheaval?traffic_source=rss
Article: But many are still angry about October’s disputed election, which saw incumbent President Samia Suluhu Hassan re-elected with 98 percent of the vote, They are also upset about the police crackdown that followed, in which hundreds were killed, according to the opposition. Presenter: Folly Bah Thibault Guests: Palamagamba Kabudi – Tanzania minister of information, culture, arts and sports Dorothy Semu – ACT Wazelenko opposition party leader Oryem Nyoko – senior researcher in the Africa division of Human Rights Watch

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/sports/2025/12/9/liverpool-snatch-win-at-inter-milan-with-late-penalty-from-szoboszlai?traffic_source=rss
Article: Dominik Szoboszlai’s late penalty gave the Reds a huge win on Tuesday at the San Siro, in the absence of Egypt star Salah, who was left in England after publicly criticising manager Arne Slot at the weekend. Liverpool fans loudly chanted Slot’s name at the end of a largely drab match, which was decided by Felix Zwayer’s decision to give the English champions a perfect chance to snatch the points. Inter’s players were enraged at the awarding of the spot kick for a light shirt tug by Alessandro Bastoni on Florian Wirtz, but it gave Slot a happy end to a troubled few days. The closest either team came to scoring before then was when Ibrahima Konate had his close-range header ruled out, after a lengthy VAR check, for a Hugo Ekitike handball in the 37th minute. Inter, meanwhile, are fifth on the same tally, but have lost their last two European fixtures and created nearly nothing against an injury-hit Liverpool, who were missing not just rebel player Salah but also unfit Cody Gakpo, Federico Chiesa and Wataru Endo. Last season, 16 points was enough to skip the playoffs, and Cristian Chivu’s team are by no means guaranteed that as they host Arsenal before travelling to Borussia Dortmund in their final two league phase fixtures. Liverpool’s trip to Milan has been dominated by Salah’s extraordinary criticism of Slot, who on Monday admitted that he had “no clue” as to whether the rebel attacker had played his last game for the Reds. Salah sparked a firestorm when he said he felt like he had been “thrown under the bus” by the club and no longer had a relationship with Slot after being left on the bench for Saturday’s 3-3 draw at Leeds, the third match in a row for which he has been relegated to the role of substitute. His outburst led to Saudi Arabia saying on Tuesday that it will do “whatever it can” to recruit the 33-year-old in January, even though he signed a new contract in April. Inter did not have their first shot of any description until the 37th minute, while Liverpool, who were nowhere near their best, had good attempts from Curtis Jones and Ryan Gravenberch, before Konate’s header was eventually ruled out. That woke up both Inter and a strangely flat home crowd of nearly 74,000, and Lautaro Martinez ended up wasting the best chance of the first half when he headed Alessandro Bastoni’s cross straight at Alisson Becker. But the second half was a total flop, and as the minutes passed, it became clear that a deadlock was fine for both teams until Szoboszlai rifled home his winning penalty. I know that all the questions will still be about Mo on Friday, ahead of the next game.” Liverpool skipper van Dijk said it was an important victory for the players amid intense scrutiny and criticism. It nearly ended 0-0, but it ended positively for us.” Elsewhere in the Champions League on Tuesday, Bayern Munich’s 17-year-old midfielder Lennart Karl produced an audacious bit of skill to continue his high-scoring start to life in the Champions League in a 3-1 win over Sporting Lisbon. Advertisement Chelsea were beaten in the Champions League for the first time in nearly three months as Belgium forward Charles De Ketelaere set up the equaliser and scored an 83rd-minute winner, and Atalanta came from behind to win 2-1 in Bergamo. Atletico Madrid came from behind to beat PSV Eindhoven 3-2 away on Tuesday and move up to the seventh spot in the Champions League standings, all but ensuring their progress to the knockout stages. Tottenham Hotspur moved up to ninth after beating Slavia Prague 3-0 on an own goal and two penalties, and Marseille held on for a 3-2 win over Union Saint-Gilloise – whose players and fans twice celebrated what they thought were goals to level the score late on, only for both to be ruled out for narrow offsides on video review.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/9/muslim-group-cair-to-sue-florida-governor-ron-desantis-over-terror-label?traffic_source=rss
Article: The Council on American-Islamic Relations (CAIR) says it is in the process of filing a lawsuit against Florida Governor Ron DeSantis for designating the civil rights group as a “foreign terrorist” organisation. Hiba Rahim, the interim executive director of the state chapter of CAIR, told Al Jazeera on Tuesday that while DeSantis’s decision will not have any immediate effect on the group, it could fuel Islamophobia in Florida and across the United States. “We’ll continue doing the work that we do every day to defend civil liberties and protect American Muslims, and to protect the community at large and to uphold the Constitution,” Rahim told Al Jazeera. Israel is mentioned throughout the decree, which says that Hamas is seeking “the eradication of Jews from their historic homeland of Judea and Samaria”, another term for the occupied West Bank, a Palestinian territory. In July, Israeli settlers in the West Bank beat to death Florida ice cream shop worker Sayfollah Musallet, and 16-year-old Florida teen Mohammed Ibrahim was jailed by Israel for more than eight months this year without any public protest from the governor. “What type of priorities is he showing the people of Florida when he elevates an ‘Israel First’ policy and ignores the needs of the Floridian people?” Rahim told Al Jazeera. The Florida governor has said he would welcome a lawsuit against CAIR’s “terrorist” designation, arguing that a legal challenge would give the state “discovery rights to be able to subpoena” the group’s bank records. Advertisement Islamophobia on the rise The targeting of CAIR comes amid a spike in Islamophobia across the country, with politicians, including allies of President Donald Trump, sharpening their anti-Muslim rhetoric. Muslim American activist Ahmed Bedier, who hosts a radio show in Florida’s Tampa Bay area, said there appears to be a concerted effort by right-wing and pro-Israel advocates to paint Muslims as a threat to distract from the atrocities in Gaza. “This definitely feels like there is a coordinated campaign to convince Americans that somehow Muslims are the real enemies — that there’s this Muslim scare: ‘The Muslims are taking over. “Even in this case, despite all of President Trump’s history, his remarks, his comments, his bigotry, we would invite him to study the facts and to take a position based on facts and justice.”

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/politics/trump-administration/trump-administration-deal-end-biden-student-loan-repayment-program-rcna248306
Article: The Education Department said in a news release that it reached a proposed joint settlement agreement with Missouri to bring an end to Biden's "Saving on a Valuable Education" plan. A judge will have to sign off on the proposed settlement, which calls for the Education Department to not enroll any new borrowers in the plan, deny any pending applications and move all SAVE borrowers into other repayment plans. The Education Department said that more than 7 million people are enrolled in the plan and that it will begin outreach to affected borrowers in the coming weeks with guidance about how to repay their loans. “For four years, the Biden Administration sought to unlawfully shift student loan debt onto American taxpayers, many of whom either never took out a loan to finance their postsecondary education or never even went to college themselves, simply for a political win to prop up a failing Administration,” Undersecretary of Education Nicholas Kent in a statement Tuesday. The law is clear: if you take out a loan, you must pay it back." Missouri Attorney General Catherine Hanaway, a Republican, said in the same news release, "We appreciate President Trump’s real, long-term solutions instead of illegal student loan schemes." Biden's effort at broad student loan forgiveness was struck down by the Supreme Court, which found it was an unlawful exercise of presidential power in 2023.

Link: https://www.latimes.com/california/story/2025-12-09/jubilant-sykes-dead-baritone-allegedly-killed-by-son-micah-santa-monica
Article: Over his career, Jubilant Sykes performed in venues around the world and across genres — opera, gospel, spirituals, show tunes, folk and pop — working with figures including Renée Fleming, Terence Blanchard, Carlos Santana, Julie Andrews and Brian Wilson. “The entire tragedy took place within the confines of the family home.” Police had not received any recent domestic calls involving the family prior to the incident, and the motive remains under investigation, police said. Advertisement “She wasn’t really aware of an altercation or an argument that led up to the stabbing,” Gilmore said, adding that Cecelia Sykes did not report feeling endangered during the incident. It is unclear if he was living there on a full-time or part-time basis, but it is the family home and he was allowed to be there.” Police believe only the couple and their son were inside at the time. His shift toward classical singing was cemented after he won first place in the Metropolitan Opera’s Los Angeles regional auditions, leading to a debut at New York’s Metropolitan Opera in 1990. In Southern California, he performed on the opening-night bill for the Santa Monica College Performing Arts Center in 2008 and a 2006 performance with Carlos Santana at the Hollywood Bowl.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nfl/new-york-giants-linked-trade-cleveland-browns-kevin-stefanski-11183991
Article: Read more: Ravens’ Lamar Jackson Hit With Concerning Outlook on NFL Future "If [Browns owner Jimmy Haslam] believed that guy was out there, and he could replace Stefanski, he's obviously thought about coaching trades before," La Canfora said. I think Kevin Stefanski would love, love, love to be the next head coach of the New York Giants." Stefanski is an offensive-minded head coach who has actually led the Browns to a pair of playoff appearances since taking over as head coach in 2020. Not only that, but New York is returning wide receiver Malik Nabers and running back Cam Skattebo — both of whom are out for the remainder of 2025 — next season. Read more: Eagles Receive Critical Injury Update After Crushing Chargers Loss Plus, the Browns might end up firing Stefanski at season's end, so if Big Blue really wants him, it can just wait to see if Cleveland ultimately parts ways with the 43-year-old.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/wrestling/logan-paul-shares-theory-on-travis-scotts-sudden-wwe-exit-11183959
Article: More News: John Cena Reveals When WWE Retirement Talk Started WWE's Recent Celebrity Success Stories Celebrities have long dabbled in the world of "sports entertainment," dating back to the Vince McMahon era of WWE programming.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/mlb/cubs-all-star-might-not-return-from-injury-rehab-until-after-all-star-break-11183657
Article: The Cubs are in the enviable position of being able to return their top five starters — Matthew Boyd, Cade Horton, Shota Imanaga, Jameson Taillon and Colin Rea — from a 2025 rotation that combined to 65-42 in 2025. Tommy John surgery recipients typically need 12 to 18 months to recover, a timeline that would have Steele on track to return in April 2026 at the earliest (and next October at the latest).

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/ncaa/indiana-hoosiers-steal-nick-marsh-transfer-portal-replace-elijah-sarratt-11183949
Article: The Indiana Hoosiers boast one of the most explosive offenses in the country this season, and it's thanks much in part to an aerial attack led by quarterback Fernando Mendoza and wide receiver Elijah Sarratt. Marsh has entered the transfer portal after spending two seasons in Lansing, and Zack Gugenheim of The Big Ten Huddle podcast has identified Indiana as a possible landing spot for him. Keep in mind that Marsh achieved those numbers with a rather subpar passing game with the Spartans, so imagine just how much better the 6-foot-3 burner would perform at Indiana? Read more: Indiana, Curt Cignetti Slammed With Rough Outlook Before SEC Clash Marsh may very well be one of the most underrated wide outs in the entire country, and considering how the Hoosiers may be on their way to becoming a national power under Curt Cignetti, it would not be surprising to see them steal Marsh from their Big Ten opponent. Indiana just won the Big Ten for the first time since 1967 and is the top seed entering the College Football Playoff, but can the Hoosiers sustain it in the years to come?

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/mlb/dodgers-star-dealt-bad-news-ahead-of-2026-world-baseball-classic-11183160
Article: More news: Dodgers’ Dave Roberts Has Strong Reaction Amid Teoscar Hernandez Trade Rumors The Dodgers first baseman is currently dealing with a "little bit of a health issue" resulting from the wear and tear of a long season, according to Greg Hamilton and Ernie Whitt of Baseball Canada.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/betting/bet365-bonus-code-week365-claim-150-bonus-for-nba-cup-ncaab-games-11183433
Article: Bet365 Bonus Code WEEK365: $150 Bonus Or $1K Safety If you are going with the popular $150 bonus option, you will be able to easily bet $5 on any market to unlock your bonuses right away. Bet boosts like these are great options for this offer: Desmond Bane and Jalen Brunson EACH 30+ points (+925 boosted to +1110) Bam Adebayo and Scottie Barnes EACH record a double double (+515 boosted to +615) Heat moneyline, Tyler Herro 30+ points, Davion Mitchell 7+ assists (+725 boosted to +850) Clemson +6.5, Ohio State +4.5, Penn State +15.5, Florida +4.5 (+1228) If you prefer the safety net, bet up to $1,000 on any market. Bet365 Tuesday Promos Let's go through each of the promos available for tonight: NBA $10 Safety Net: Get up to $10 back on an NBA Cup SGP tonight NBA 50% SGP Boost: Get a 50% profit boost for any NBA Cup SGP tonight Champions League 50% Boost: Get a 50% profit boost for any Champions League SGP NHL 30% SGP Boost: Get a 30% profit boost for any NHL SGP tonight NBA Instant Payout: Get a winning payout for an NBA moneyline bet if your team goes up by 20 NHL Instant Payout: Get a winning payout for an NHL moneyline bet if your team goes up by three Bet365 Bonus Code WEEK365: Unlock NBA Cup Offer Click here and go through the directions below to get set up with your preferred reward: Enter the bonus code WEEK365 Input basic personal information (Legal name, birth date, address, etc.) Make an initial deposit with a secure payment method (Credit card, debit card, online banking, etc.) Place your bet to activate your preferred reward Use any bonus bets you get within one week before they expire Newsweek may earn an affiliate commission if you sign up through the links in this article.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/sports/nfl/cowboys/dallas-cowboys-qb-dak-prescott-providing-bikes-dozens-students-christmas/287-429458dc-fade-4898-a6a2-587b74f9bcf4
Article: The Cowboys quarterback said it was amazing to see and reminded him of memories of getting his own bike for Christmas as a child and his first time riding a bike. "This is one of my favorite events we do every year, being able to just give to these kids and understanding how tough and the different circumstances that they go through in their daily life and the different stress that these kids may have," Prescott said. "To provide a moment of joy and provide a moment of hope...I'm thankful for it, and it means the world to be able to host this." Prescott has two daughters of his own, but neither of them is quite old enough to start riding bikes yet, he said.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/local/dallas-county/first-baptist-dallas-donation-from-hobby-lobby-ceo-rebuild-sanctuary-after-fire/287-9eeca811-977a-41fc-9983-5dfff4486830
Article: DALLAS — First Baptist Dallas got a $7 million donation from Hobby Lobby for the church's effort to rebuild its 130-plus-year-old sanctuary after it was destroyed in a fire last year. He said that of the approximately $27 million the church is responsible for, the church had raised about $5 million before Hobby Lobby CEO David Green offered to donate $7 million if the church could raise another $7 million. "I want to thank, first of all, David Green and the Green family and Hobby Lobby for their astounding generosity." He said the church hopes to break ground on the project in early 2026.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cly31dep60ko?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: In a notice placed on its website, the FSA said Illva Saronno, the brand's parent company, was recalling bottles of Disaronno Originale because of "the possible presence of small pieces of glass within some bottles of product, which could make it unsafe to drink".

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/football/articles/crrkjg8w8d2o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: The great South Korean, who scored 173 goals in 454 games for Spurs, was back at the club for the first time since leaving for Los Angeles FC in the summer. It was fitting that it was a big European night that marked the return of the talisman who played a key role when Spurs reached the Champions League Final in 2019 and made his farewell appearance as captain when they won their first trophy for 17 years by beating Manchester United in the Europa League Final in Bilbao last season. An emotional Son addressed Spurs fans before kick-off, receiving a predictably rapturous reception, before watching Thomas Frank's team take another important step forward with a comfortable Champions League win against Slavia Prague. It was almost as if Spurs were fated to deliver in the presence of one of their modern greats, who went to view a mural painted in his honour before kick-off having been unable to say goodbye when he left for the United States. Son's presence added a feel-good factor in an environment that has endured its share of toxicity this season as Frank has struggled to convince Spurs fans of his suitability to tackle a more high-profile task than at previous club Brentford. And there is no doubt this has been a vital week for Frank, whose short spell at Spurs hit a low after the recent defeat at home to Fulham, when he publicly criticised those who jeered keeper Guglielmo Vicario after a mistake led to a goal as "not true Tottenham fans." This is a high-risk, high stakes strategy.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/show/news-wrap-federal-judge-approves-motion-to-unseal-records-in-ghislane-maxwell-probe
Article: military operations against drug trafficking targets, Honduras seeks the arrest of the country's former president, Ukraine's president opens the door to elections and Australia rolls out a social media ban.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/show/u-s-plans-to-sell-advanced-ai-chips-to-china-amid-economic-and-security-concerns
Article: In a move with major implications for national security and the race to dominate artificial intelligence, President Trump announced Monday that he will allow Nvidia to sell its H200 computer chip — an advanced chip used for developing A.I.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/show/how-parents-and-students-are-deciding-which-college-to-choose-in-an-ever-changing-landscape
Article: We are in the middle of that fraught period when high school students are finding out what colleges they’ve been accepted to, with about 60 percent of them going through this process right now.

Link: https://feeds.texastribune.org/link/16799/17228167/texas-association-of-business-ceo-glenn-hamer-resigns
Article: See our AI policy , and give us feedback Glenn Hamer on Tuesday resigned as president and CEO of the Texas Association of Business, one of the state’s most influential business groups, two weeks after he was sued over allegations of sexual assault and harassment. His resignation was announced by TAB Chair Bill Jones, who added that Megan Mauro, who previously served as the group’s vice president and chief of staff, would continue serving as interim CEO. Hamer was put on administrative leave after the lawsuit was filed while TAB conducted a “full internal investigation.” In November, a woman, identified as “Jane Doe” in her court filing in Travis County, accused Hamer of sexually harassing and assaulting her before retaliating against her using his position at TAB. Hamer is accused of making at least three unsuccessful sexual advances on the woman throughout 2025, including in May by trying to remove her pants and “mount her.” When the woman rejected his advances, the lawsuit alleged, Hamer launched a “smear campaign and actively tried to damage Doe’s reputation, credibility and professional relationships.” “His message was clear; his intentions straightforward,” the lawsuit alleges. “If Doe would not give him what he wanted personally, he would use his status to make sure Doe did not advance professionally.” Disclosure: Texas Association of Business has been a financial supporter of The Texas Tribune, a nonprofit, nonpartisan news organization that is funded in part by donations from members, foundations and corporate sponsors.

Link: https://feeds.texastribune.org/link/16799/17228140/attorney-general-ken-paxton-cities-property-tax-investigation
Article: See our AI policy , and give us feedback DALLAS — Texas Attorney General Ken Paxton has launched a probe into almost 1,000 Texas cities to make sure they’re following a new state law aimed at preventing localities from unduly raising property taxes, his office said Tuesday. If the Attorney General’s office requests any additional information, we will continue to cooperate fully.” It fits a pattern of Paxton making splashy announcements with far-reaching investigations and his power to push a conservative agenda. “This is the conservative Legislature using the conservative attorney general to impose conservative governance on Texas cities, who may or may not be conservative,” said Randall Erben, a professor at the University of Texas School of Law. “The City follows a public process each year, and we remain committed to transparency and responsible stewardship of taxpayer dollars.” Paxton’s office said El Paso is among the cities included in their review. “The City of El Paso has always complied with all applicable laws, rules, and regulations related to its budgeting, tax rate adoption, and financial reporting,” said Cruz-Acosta, who touted awards the city has received for financial reporting. “We take our responsibility to uphold transparency and fiscal accountability seriously and consistently meet all deadlines for audited financial statements and required disclosures.” State law requires cities to conduct an annual financial audit and release an annual financial statement based on that audit. The new law allows residents to complain to the attorney general’s office if they suspect that localities haven’t kept Earlier this year, Paxton sent letters to Odessa, La Marque, Tom Bean and Whitesboro demanding that they drop property tax increases on the basis that they weren’t in compliance with those requirements.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/international-criminal-court-sentences-sudanese-militia-leader-20-128233121
Article: International Criminal Court sentences Sudanese militia leader to 20 years in prison for Darfur atrocities in 2003-2004 International Criminal Court sentences Sudanese militia leader to 20 years in prison for Darfur atrocities in 2003-2004

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/lithuanias-government-declared-national-emergency-security-risks-posed-128232157
Article: Lithuania's government has declared a national emergency over security risks posed by smugglers' balloons from Belarus Lithuania's government has declared a national emergency over security risks posed by smugglers' balloons from Belarus

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/nigerian-air-force-planes-emergency-landing-puts-burkina-128233781
Article: A Nigerian Air Force plane has landed in Burkina Faso due to what it calls an in-flight emergency FILE -Interim President of the Republic of Mali Assimi Goita speaks to Russian President Vladimir Putin during their talks at the Grand Kremlin Palace at the Kremlin in Moscow, Russia, June 23, 2025. (AP Photo/Pavel Bednyakov, Pool), File) FILE -Interim President of the Republic of Mali Assimi Goita speaks to Russian President Vladimir Putin during their talks at the Grand Kremlin Palace at the Kremlin in Moscow, Russia, June 23, 2025. (AP Photo/Pavel Bednyakov, Pool), File) DAKAR, Senegal -- A Nigerian Air Force plane made an emergency landing in Burkina Faso late Monday due to an in-flight emergency, according to a regional alliance that called it a violation of Burkina Faso's airspace. The Alliance of Sahel States, which includes Burkina Faso and neighboring Mali and Niger, placed their air and anti-air defenses on maximum alert with authorization "to neutralize any aircraft that violates the confederation’s airspace,” according to a statement by Gen. The incident follows fractured relations between the alliance and Nigeria, which was involved in intervention efforts that helped reverse a short-lived coup on Sunday in Benin, where the Nigerian Air Force conducted airstrikes targeting the coup plotters. Burkina Faso, Mali and Niger formed the Sahel alliance after withdrawing from ECOWAS, which the alliance accuses of inhumane, coup-related sanctions and working against the interests of citizens in alliance countries.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/dozens-killed-haitis-capital-armed-men-break-gang-128250342
Article: A human rights group says dozens of people in Haiti’s capital have been killed in a clash between a powerful gang coalition and armed men who apparently broke away from it FILE - A man runs for cover as he crosses a barricaded street in the gang-controlled Bel Air neighborhood of Port-au-Prince, Haiti, Sept. (AP Photo/Rodrigo Abd, File) SAN JUAN, Puerto Rico -- Dozens of people in Haiti’s capital have been killed in a clash between a powerful gang coalition and a group of armed men that apparently broke away from it, with 10 children among the victims, a local human rights group said Tuesday. It wasn’t immediately clear how seriously Sanon was injured, although many worry the attack that began in recent days will unleash even more violence in a city already 90% controlled by gangs. The ongoing attack is unusual because a large number of gangs banded together in September 2023 and announced the formation of Viv Ansanm, or “Live Together,” a coalition that led to a drop in violence since armed groups agreed to no longer fight each other. In a recent report, the United Nations noted that Sanon, the injured gang leader, “has played a significant role in consolidating gang power in Port-au-Prince, particularly through his involvement in the Viv Ansanm alliance, which has launched coordinated attacks to expand gang-controlled territories.” “Sanon also maintains a network of individuals within governmental institutions, including security agencies, which enables him to evade arrest and facilitate his criminal activities,” the U.N. Hunger already was surging in Haiti’s slums and beyond before the attack, with more than half of the country’s nearly 12 million people experiencing crisis levels of hunger or worse.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/britains-mi5-suppressed-truth-spy-ira-accused-killings-128241340
Article: The U.K.'s security services protected a top spy within the Irish Republican Army even when he was wanted for murder, a report has revealed LONDON -- The U.K.'s security services protected a top spy planted within the Irish Republican Army when they knew he was wanted for by police for murder, and continued to suppress the truth about the agent decades after Northern Ireland 's bloody conflict, a report published on Tuesday found. A final report into the actions of the agent “Stakeknife," a senior member of IRA who was passing information to British intelligence during the conflict known as “ the Troubles,” revealed that Britain’s MI5 intelligence agency “had greater and earlier knowledge” of his activities than previously known. He is widely believed to be Freddie Scappaticci, who was linked to the IRA's ruthless internal security unit and allegedly involved in more than a dozen cases of killings, tortures and abductions. The report said that MI5 provided fresh material as recent as last year showing that Stakeknife’s handlers twice flew him out of Northern Ireland for “holidays” when they knew he was wanted for conspiracy to murder and false imprisonment. Jon Boutcher, the chief constable of Northern Ireland's police force, said Tuesday that the late disclosure of the files was a “serious organizational failure” on the part of MI5 that undermined the trust of victims and their families. He said while the spy was an important source of intelligence, he was also involved in “the most serious and inexcusable criminality while operating as an agent, including murders." Boutcher added that the government’s refusal to officially name the agent “is untenable and bordering on farce." MI5 director general Ken McCallum said he was sorry for the late discoveries, but maintained that no files were deliberately withheld. The police investigation named Operation Kenova began in 2016 and examined about 100 killings and abductions linked to the IRA’s notorious “nutting squad,” which was responsible for interrogating, torturing and killing people suspected of passing information to British security forces during the conflict. It discovered more than 3,500 intelligence reports from the spy, but found that authorities often appeared to prioritize the protection of the agent at the expense of others who were harmed or killed. An interim report published last year found that "murders that could and should have been prevented were allowed to take place with the knowledge of the security forces, and those responsible for murder were not brought to justice and were instead left free to re-offend." The 1998 Good Friday Agreement largely ended a conflict involving Irish republican and British loyalist militants and the U.K.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/european-leaders-agree-fund-ukraine-2-years-russian-128248259
Article: European Union leaders have committed to funding Ukraine's economic and military needs for the next two years European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen speaks during a media conference regarding Ukraine's financing needs for 2026-2027 at EU headquarters in Brussels, Wednesday, Dec. (AP Photo/Harry Nakos) BRUSSELS -- Almost four years into Russia’s full-scale war on Ukraine, European Union leaders have committed to funding Kyiv’s economic and military needs for the next two years, one way or another. At a summit next week, the 27 EU leaders will weigh whether to use tens of billions of dollars in frozen Russian assets held in Europe to help meet Ukraine’s requirements, which the International Monetary Fund puts at 135 billion euros ($157 billion). Plan B would be for the EU to borrow the money on financial markets, much as the bloc did to fund a massive loan plan to revive European economies after the coronavirus pandemic. 4, European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen said the EU would cover two-thirds of Ukraine’s needs for 2026 and 2027, for a total of 90 billion euros ($105 billion). They’ve generated interest — some 3.9 billion euros ($4.5 billion) this year, Euroclear says — which is already being used to fund a Group of Seven loan plan for Ukraine. The commission insists that there is no “theft,” as Russia has claimed, because the right of the Russian Central Bank to make a claim on its money and Euroclear’s duty to repay will remain intact. Even before the commission's reparations loan plan was made public, Foreign Minister Maxime Prévot said that it “entails consequential economic, financial and legal risks.” Prévot said Belgium — a strong backer of Ukraine that has provided military and financial support — feels that its concerns are not being heard by its EU partners. In an interview with Belgian public broadcaster RTBF last week, Euroclear CEO Valerie Urbain also said that court action could not be ruled out should the EU oblige the clearinghouse to transfer its Russian assets.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/british-zoologist-save-elephants-founder-iain-douglas-hamilton-128245536
Article: British-born zoologist and founder of the Save the Elephants group Iain Douglas-Hamilton has died at age 83 British zoologist and Save the Elephants founder Iain Douglas-Hamilton dies at 83 By The Associated Press FILE - Iain Douglas-Hamilton, founder of Save the Elephants, poses in front of confiscated ivory at Kenya Wildlife Training School, Manyani, Kenya, Wednesday, July 20, 2011. “Iain was instrumental in exposing the ivory poaching crisis, documenting the destruction of over half of Africa’s elephants in a single decade, leading up to a crucial intergovernmental decision to ban the international trade in ivory in 1989,” the statement said.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/german-leader-us-strategy-shows-european-security-independence-128234904
Article: German Chancellor Friedrich Merz says the Trump administration’s new national security strategy underscores the need for Europe to become “much more independent” from the United States in terms of security policy German leader says US strategy shows the need for more European security independence German Chancellor Friedrich Merz arrives for the cabinet meeting at the chancellery in Berlin, Germany, Wednesday, Dec. (AP Photo/Markus Schreiber) BERLIN -- German Chancellor Friedrich Merz said Tuesday that the Trump administration's new national security strategy underscores the need for Europe to become “much more independent” from the United States in terms of security policy. Merz, the leader of the European Union's most populous nation and its biggest economy, said he wasn't surprised by the substance of the strategy as it was largely in line with a lecture U.S. Parts of the document are understandable, but “some of it is unacceptable for us from the European point of view,” he told reporters in the western German city of Mainz. It has been documented.” Merz said that Vance's speech earlier this year had “set off something in me as well, and you can see that today in our defense spending.” Merz’s government, in office since May, has enabled higher spending by loosening strict rules on incurring debt — adding to an effort to bolster Germany's military that has been underway since Russia's full-scale invasion of Ukraine started in 2022.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/nepal-charges-55-people-chinese-company-alleged-inflation-128237017
Article: Former Nepali ministers, officials, and a Chinese company face corruption charges over financial irregularities during the construction of an international airport near Kathmandu Nepal charges 55 people and a Chinese company with alleged inflation of airport costs by $74M KATHMANDU, Nepal -- Former Nepali ministers, officials and a Chinese company were charged with corruption over financial irregularities during the construction of an international airport outside of Kathmandu. The Commission for Investigation of Abuse of Authority filed on Sunday cases against 55 people and the China CAMC Engineering Company Limited, one of the biggest such cases in the Himalayan nation, accusing them of inflating construction expenses by more than $74 million. The bidding agreed on with the government in 2012 was set at $169.6 million, but Nepali officials increased the amount to a little over $244 million “in collusion with the Chinese company,” the commission said.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/10/asia-pacific-markets-live-today-wednesdy-nikkei-225-kospi-hang-seng-index-nifty-50.html
Article: Vcg | Visual China Group | Getty Images Asia-Pacific markets were set to trade mixed on Wednesday as investors awaited inflation data from China later in the day and an interest rate decision from the Federal Reserve. Japan's Nikkei 225 futures pointed to a stronger open for the market, with the futures contract in Chicago at 50,810 and its counterpart in Osaka at 50,830 compared to the previous close of 50,655.1.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/09/jim-cramer-rejects-doubts-about-nvidia-apple-warner-bros-discovery.html
Article: CNBC's Jim Cramer on Tuesday told investors that it can be worthwhile to put trust in a good stock, even if a negative narrative about the company is gaining traction on Wall Street. "Sometimes it doesn't pay off — everybody makes mistakes — but if you don't believe in your stocks, then you'll never be able to stick with them through thick and thin." He reviewed prominent concerns with three major companies: artificial intelligence giant Nvidia , iPhone maker Apple and entertainment outfit Warner Bros. He noted that President Donald Trump just granted Nvidia permission to sell some of its chips in China, and he suggested there is still demand for them in the country. While Netflix and Paramount Skydance are now locked in a struggle over the company, Cramer suggested many on Wall Street had doubted WBD could attract buyers willing to pay a premium.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/9/hamas-urges-more-international-pressure-on-israel-amid-ceasefire-violations?traffic_source=rss
Article: Hamas has said the ceasefire cannot move forward while Israel continues its violations of the agreement, with Gaza authorities saying the truce has been breached at least 738 times since taking effect in October. The ceasefire, which came into effect on October 10, focused on the exchange of captives held in Gaza for Palestinian prisoners held by Israel, and a partial withdrawal of Israeli forces from Gaza. Talks progressing, but major challenges remain A United States official told Al Jazeera Arabic that negotiations on the next phase of the ceasefire are advancing, but key obstacles still need to be overcome. It comes as former United Kingdom Prime Minister Tony Blair has reportedly been dropped by the “board of peace”, a panel envisioned by the US to oversee redevelopment in Gaza. Meanwhile, UN spokesman Stephane Dujarric responded to a claim by Israeli Lieutenant General Eyal Zamir that the so-called “yellow line”, currently marking Israeli-held territory inside Gaza, constitutes a “new border”. “These actions constitute a blatant violation of international humanitarian law and a deliberate undermining of the essence of the ceasefire and the provisions of its attached humanitarian protocol,” Gaza authorities said in a statement. At least of 1,139 people were killed during the October 7, 2023, Hamas-led attack on southern Israel, according to Israeli statistics, and more than 200 others were seized as captives.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/health/health-news/hepatitis-b-cdc-panel-guidance-babies-doctors-confusion-rcna247999
Article: Doctors, hospitals and public health departments are scrambling to ensure proper care for pregnant women and their babies following a controversial vote from Centers for Disease Control and Prevention advisers that reversed decades of standard medical practice giving newborns the hepatitis B vaccine. “It’s creating fear and distrust.” Last Friday, the CDC's vaccine panel advised that only babies born to women who test positive for hepatitis B should get the first dose within 24 hours of delivery. A March of Dimes report published in November found that nearly a quarter of pregnant women aren’t under a doctor’s care during their first trimester, when most women are tested for hepatitis B. “If there is someone who gets exposed to hepatitis B later in pregnancy, or develops an infection later on,” Fleishman said, “the baby is protected by that vaccine.” The virus can pass from mom to baby during delivery. “Their information and decisions cannot be trusted.” The panel recommended that women who test negative for hepatitis B can decide in consultation with a health care provider whether their baby should get the birth dose. The panel’s vote to hold off the hepatitis B vaccine for babies until at least 2 months of age for the first dose if the vaccine is not given at birth was totally out of line with decades of evidence proving the shot’s safety and effectiveness, experts say. Aaron Milstone, a pediatrician at Johns Hopkins Medicine and member of the American Academy of Pediatrics’ committee on infectious diseases, said the fallout is “chaos and confusion” among public health experts trying to counsel clinicians on best practices, as well as doctors in exam rooms faced with worried parents. Kevin Schulman, professor of medicine at Stanford Medicine, “then we’re not spending 20 minutes making sure the baby’s on the growth curve, that you’re wearing seat belts, that you’re using car seats appropriately.” Dr. Anna Lok, director of clinical hepatology and assistant dean for clinical research at the University of Michigan Medical School, said the change in guidance adds barriers for parents, especially in a chaotic delivery room.

Link: https://www.latimes.com/california/story/2025-12-09/la-city-council-passes-ordinance-to-streamline-affordable-housing
Article: Maria Patiño Gutierrez, deputy director for policy and advocacy at the nonprofit Strategic Actions for a Just Economy (SAJE), celebrated the decision to make the directive permanent, but said she hopes to see changes to the process down the road. A year later, she exempted historic districts — including areas of Highland Park and Lincoln Heights — as well as “very high fire hazard severity zones,” which include parts of Silver Lake and Hollywood Hills. 2 meeting, City Councilmember Ysabel Jurado argued that the exemption to preserve rent-controlled buildings should shrink from a minimum of 12 units to five units, claiming such projects could displace tenants in neighborhoods such as Boyle Heights and Lincoln Heights. The directive defines “100% affordable housing” as 80% low-income units and 20% moderate-income units, but the non-profits claimed that those rates, which would still let a “low-income” two-bedroom apartment be rented for as much as $2,726, are still too expensive for many Angelenos.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/wrestling/major-wwe-name-possibly-appearing-on-nxt-11184026
Article: One of WWE's biggest stars might be making an appearance on Tuesday's episode of "NXT." PWInsider reports the buzz backstage is that Undisputed WWE Champion Cody Rhodes could show up on TV to hype up his scheduled match with NXT Champion Oba Femi. Femi joins other "NXT" stars such as Je'Von Evans and Sol Ruca on the "Saturday Night's Main Event" card, which will be headlined by John Cena's retirement match against Gunther. More News: Logan Paul Shares Theory on Travis Scott’s Sudden WWE Exit Cody Rhodes' History on NXT This wouldn't be the first time Rhodes has made his presence felt on the "NXT" brand.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/ncaa/big-12-coach-admits-college-football-is-broken-after-missing-out-on-cfp-11183619
Article: They scratched and clawed their way to a Big 12 crown and a spot in the first-ever expanded, 12-team College Football Playoff, and pushed the Texas Longhorns to the brink in an instant classic quarterfinal clash. Now, however, the Sun Devils sit at 8-4 and out of the hunt for a national title, and star quarterback Sam Leavitt appears to be heading toward the transfer portal. Dillingham opened up honestly about the current state of college football this week, lambasting what the sport has become as teams across the country prepare to see if their best players stick with their programs in 2026. More news: Future First-Round QB Fuels Transfer Portal Buzz After Skipping Team Gala One of the key reasons why Leavitt seems already one foot out the door is the rising money in the college football landscape. Although Arizona State has a modest NIL program, it can’t compare to the heavy-hitters in the Big 10 and SEC, who are ready to offer the Sun Devil quarterback a premium deal to take over for a year as their starting quarterback. With Heisman favorite Fernando Mendoza expected to leave following the playoff to enter the NFL draft, the Indiana Hoosiers, along with the LSU Tigers, have been named as favorites to sign the electric passer.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/how-to-watch-kevin-costner-presents-the-first-christmas-live-stream-tv-channel-11182876
Article: 9, 2025 Time: 8:00 PM ET Channel: ABC try for free ) Stream: Fubo ( Hosted by actor Kevin Costner, this special explores the origins of Christmas with a dramatized version of the nativity story. Corinne Furman, Paulina Gálvez, Mohamed Zouaoui, Chaouqi Abdellatif, Saif Al-Warith, Anthony Barclay, Alejandro Barrios, Abdellatif Chaouqi, Ibrahim Elouahabi, Robert Goodman, Ché Grant, Kods Joundoul, Marco Lo Chiatto, Sinan Sicimoglu, Stefano Venturi, and Alin Wishka also appear in the special, which David Cunningham directs. Costner spoke to America Magazine about the special, saying that “the stories of the Bible are fantastic” and adding that he “had this chance to maybe talk about [these stories] in a mildly different way…to maybe reinvest in the story that’s managed to endure all these years, all these centuries.” The special strives to show a historically accurate version of the nativity story, including re-imagining the place of Jesus’ birth not as an inn or barn as is often shown in modern retellings, but in a cave instead, a more accurate choice considering the time that these events allegedly took place. Fubo carries a wide array of sports and entertainment channels, including local sports packages and top national channels like ABC, FOX, CBS, ESPN, FS1, MTV, Comedy Central, and much more.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nba/nets-looking-to-trade-disgruntled-21-ppg-scorer-11183980
Article: The Nets are more than likely to finish the season far out of contention, and ESPN's Shams Charania believes they could part with fifth-year guard Cam Thomas — who will become an unrestricted free agent following this season — to plan for the future. "Brooklyn could also work with Cam Thomas' agents at Octagon to navigate his future, potentially via trade, as he plays the remainder of the season on the qualifying offer and will be an unrestricted free agent next summer," Charania writes. More news: Massive Trade Idea Sees Clippers’ Kawhi Leonard Moved to East Squad While Thomas is a prolific scorer with an elite skillset, the Nets have done well in his absence, especially as of late. "Third-year forward Noah Clowney is also having a career season so far, averaging 13.3 points, 3.8 assists and 36.1% from 3." More news: Giannis Antetokounmpo Reportedly Pushed for Blockbuster Trade to East Contender This Summer Should the Nets part with Thomas to add another pick to their vast collection or a younger player with upside and build around some of their more controllable assets — such as 26-year-old center Nick Claxton or their aforementioned five first-rounders —they could very well field an exciting, competitive team in the next few years.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nba/lebron-james-agent-sends-brutal-message-about-lakers-nba-title-hopes-11183524
Article: Fans and players believe that this could be the year that "the King,” along with some Luka magic, could bring home an elusive fifth championship ring for one of the greatest of all time. “I personally don’t think the Lakers are good enough to be contenders, not right now,” he said on his new podcast, “Game Over,” with former ESPN "First Take" host Max Kellerman. More news: Ex-Lakers Champion Makes Eye-Opening Luka Doncic-Kobe Bryant Comparison Paul went on to suggest that Lakers standout Austin Reaves, who has become close friends with Doncic and is having an All-NBA season, should possibly come off the bench if the team is serious about aiming for a championship. After a few slow starts and even seeing his 1,297 consecutive regular-season games with at least 10 points end, he carried the Lakers in their most recent win over the Philadelphia 76ers with a season-high 29 points. While Paul does not believe the current Lakers configuration can challenge for a title, he reaffirmed that James would see out what could be his last year in Los Angeles.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/ncaa/lane-kiffins-91-million-lsu-contract-has-1-wild-clause-in-it-11183507
Article: Kiffin remained adamant that his decision between the two schools had nothing to do with money, but you’d be hard-pressed to find any coach willing to turn down Kirby Smart money ($13 million per year). The LSU deal also came with a reported $25 million investment for NIL spending and recruiting, which goes a long way in trying to lure some of the top high school players in the country while also competing against other SEC powerhouses like Alabama, Georgia, Florida, Tennessee, Texas, and Texas A&M. More News: Marcus Freeman-NFL Rumors Take Major Turn After Notre Dame’s CFP Snub According to Sportico, Kiffin’s contract states that if Kiffin loses money on the sale of his home in Mississippi that LSU will essentially reimburse him for the difference. “… According to the term sheet, Kiffin purchased his Oxford home for $2.89 million, meaning LSU would be responsible for covering at least some of the shortfall if he sells it for less.” Per Sportico, Kiffin’s five-bedroom, six-bath, 7,200-square-foot Oxford, MS, home currently has a market value of $2.4 million, leaving LSU on the hook for the remaining $500,000 difference — pocket change for an institution dishing out $91 million over seven years. More News: Vikings WR Justin Jefferson Involved in Sideline Incident With Team Security Fans didn’t hesitate to voice their opinions on social media, many of whom felt Kiffin put LSU over a barrel.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/mlb/phillies-manager-sends-message-to-kyle-schwarber-after-150-million-deal-11183308
Article: Philadelphia Phillies manager Rob Thomson spoke about All-Star designated hitter Kyle Schwarber's importance to the Phillies after he inked a five-year, $150 million deal to return to the team Tuesday. He’s just a huge part of our ballclub.” Schwarber instantly made an impact during his first season in Philadelphia, leading the National League with 46 home runs and winning a Silver Slugger award in the outfield — his only one to date. More news: Dodgers’ Dave Roberts Has Strong Reaction Amid Teoscar Hernandez Trade Rumors The 32-year-old took a huge step up in 2025, crushing his previous career high in home runs with a National League-leading 56. More news: Dodgers’ Roki Sasaki Expected to Join Shohei Ohtani on Team Japan’s WBC Roster With the NL MVP runner-up back on their team, the Phillies are the clear favorite to win the NL East for the third straight season, and are gearing themselves up to challenge for the World Series, which they haven't won since 2008.

Link: https://abc13.com/post/hisd-settles-federal-lawsuit-bellaire-hs-parents-students-pronoun-use-court-documents-say/18268661/
Article: HISD settles federal lawsuit with Bellaire HS parents over student's pronoun use, court docs say BELLAIRE, Texas (KTRK) -- The Houston Independent School District settled a federal lawsuit filed by two Bellaire High School parents, according to court documents. According to the settlement filed Friday, the district will now instruct all Bellaire staff to address the student only by their given name, or a nickname based on it, and by female pronouns. This case even drew attention from Governor Greg Abbott, who called for an investigation by the Texas Education Agency into Bellaire High School to determine whether teachers "inappropriately socially transitioned" a student against the wishes of the child's parents.

Link: https://abc7.com/videoClip/birds-project-safe-flight-skyscrapers-bird-collisions/18269167/
Article: As a volunteer for Project Safe Flight, a program run by the NYC Bird Alliance to monitor bird collisions across the city, she has been walking this path during the early mornings of every migration season for the past five years. "The idea of them dying in vain just makes me sad, and I want them all to be counted in the data (that is) so important." Every year, during migration seasons in spring and fall, millions of birds migrating along the Atlantic Flyway pass by New York City, where they face a high risk of colliding into buildings due to reflective glass surfaces and lights at night. The birds found alive are sent to rehabilitation at the Wild Bird Fund on the Upper West Side, while those that died are donated to the American Museum of Natural History. Using the data reported by the volunteers, researchers at the NYC Bird Alliance are able analyze patterns of bird collisions across the city and use their findings to advocate for change.

Link: https://abc13.com/post/judge-sides-fort-bend-county-kp-george-setting-criminal-trial-showdown/18268829/
Article: Judge sides against Fort Bend County Judge KP George setting up criminal trial showdown RICHMOND, Texas (KTRK) -- A showdown between Fort Bend County Judge KP George and the district attorney's office is now set after a judge ruled the DA's office can handle the criminal cases. "In this case, that encrypted app, Signal, was used to discuss matters relevant to this case." "It's a red herring," Fort Bend County District Attorney's Office spokesperson Wesley Wittig said. The only way that would be a problem is if you were communicating evidence." A judge agreed with the DA and decided to keep Middleton and the office on the case. If it can happen to Judge George, it can happen to anyone." The DA's office disagrees and said George will be walking back into the courtroom in the coming weeks to face trial.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c5yq5zdv907o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: How long Britain could really fight for if war broke out tomorrow 2 hours ago Share Save Frank Gardner Security correspondent Share Save Getty Images Russia's full-scale war on Ukraine will soon enter its fifth year. But if Europe wants to, and starts, we are ready right now." So said Russian President Vladimir Putin on 2 December, accusing European countries of hindering US efforts to bring peace in Ukraine. (I should add that there can also be other, perfectly benign, reasons for a loss of signal.) That signal interruption could be followed by an inability to make bank payments for essentials like food and fuel. But if Europe wants to, and starts, we are ready right now,' Putin has said There are many ways of fighting a war, and not just the physically destructive wave of drones, bombs and missiles so tragically familiar to the citizens of Ukraine. Our modern, tech-driven society is highly dependent on the network of undersea cables and pipelines that connect the UK to the rest of the world, carrying data, financial transactions and energy. Covert activity by Russian spy vessels, such as the Yantar, is widely believed to have scoped out these cables for potential sabotage in a time of war, which is why the Royal Navy has recently invested in a fleet of underwater drones equipped with integrated sensors. In a war, these hidden, unseen actions, combined with an almost inevitable attempt to "blind" Western satellites in space, would seriously hamper the UK's ability to fight, as well as potentially wreaking havoc on civil society. Getty Images In the UK, military chiefs have warned we must prepare for war if we want to avoid it At a recent conference in London entitled Fighting the Long War, organised by the Royal United Services Institute (Rusi), a Whitehall think tank, military and political figures came together to discuss whether the UK's current armed forces would be in a position to sustain a protracted conflict before they ran out of everything from troops, to ammunition to spare parts. Reserve regeneration pipelines are slow… The British plan for mass casualty outcomes appears to be based on not taking casualties." With classic British understatement, he says: "This could be considered an optimistic planning assumption." He adds that to fight a long war you need proper back-up. Yet this depth is notably absent from current British force design." Russia's 'low quality' army "There are shortfalls in ammunition, artillery, vehicles, air defence, and people, with limited to no ability to regenerate units or casualties," says Justin Crump, CEO of Sibylline, a private intelligence company. Two of the biggest military lessons to come out of the Ukraine war are firstly, that drones are now integral to modern warfare, at every level, and secondly, that "mass", or sheer volume of personnel and military hardware, matters. Getty Images 'There are shortfalls in ammunition, artillery, vehicles, air defence, and people, with limited to no ability to regenerate units or casualties,' says Justin Crump Russia's army is generally of a very low quality. UK Defence Intelligence estimates that since the start of the full-scale invasion in February 2022 Russia's army has suffered more than 1.1 million casualties – that is killed, wounded, captured or missing. But Russia has been able to draw on such a massive pool of manpower that it has so far been able to replace its estimated 30,000 monthly battlefield casualties with fresh blood. Russia's economy has also been on a war footing for more than three years now: an economist has been placed in charge of the Defence Ministry, while its factories churn out ever more supplies of drones, missiles and artillery shells. According to a recent report by the Kiel Institute for the World Economy, Russia has been producing each month around 150 tanks, 550 infantry fighting vehicles, 120 Lancet drones and more than 50 artillery pieces. EPA/Shutterstock Ukraine has suffered catastrophic casualties but numbers are hard to ascertain Analysts say it would take years for Western Europe's factories to come close to matching Russia's mass-production of weapons. "The land war in Ukraine has shown beyond doubt that mass is absolutely vital for anybody that is going to face Russia on land," says Keir Giles, a Russia expert at Chatham House think tank. "And having deep reserves vastly greater in number than the standing regular armed forces has been shown to be essential." How national service conversations backfired France and Germany have both recently moved to revive a system of voluntary military service for 18-year-olds. The UK's former Head of the Army, Gen Sir Patrick Sanders, suggested in 2024, the year he retired, that the UK should train what he called "a citizen army" to fight a land war in the future. "So if you look at the states that are now looking towards [military service] - like Sweden, Germany and France - they are states who culturally still have an institutional memory of when they had that system. "We haven't had national service since the 1960s and attempts to have that national conversation around it have pretty much backfired." AFP via Getty Images France has recently moved to revive a system of voluntary military service for 18-year olds "The reality is, our armed forces cannot survive on a diet of government spin, over-the-horizon spending commitments and hollow rhetoric," Sir Ben Wallace, who was Defence Secretary in the Conservative government from 2019 to 2023, told the BBC. "We increased defence spending by £5bn this year alone, signed 1,000 major contracts since the election and increased MOD spending with British businesses by 6% above inflation in the last year." He points to a new defence agreement with Norway, a £300m new investment in the Royal Navy's laser weapon and a £9bn investment into armed forces housing, adding: "We're a government investing in the transformation of our forces, investing in our British service personnel... It's about whether UK defence has been under-funded for so long that it has now reached the point where the country is dangerously vulnerable in several areas, notably air defence. At the end of the Cold War (between Nato and the Soviet Union) in 1990, when I was a young infantry Captain in the Army Reserves, the UK was spending 4.1% of GDP on defence. On paper, the British Army numbers around 74,000 but Rusi's Ed Arnold points out that once you subtract medically non-deployable soldiers, defence attaches around the world and others not part of formed units, then its actual deployable strength is only 54,000. In the event of a war, says Justin Crump of Sibylline, on land the (British) Army would most likely be degraded – incapable of fighting effectively - within weeks, once committed, though he adds "much depends on the form of the conflict". They are referring to what is known as "hybrid" or "grey-zone" warfare, which includes events that are often deniable, such as cyber-attacks, disinformation and the alleged launching of drones close to airports and military bases in Nato countries. But worrying as these are, they pale compared to the crisis that would be triggered by a Russian military attack on a Nato country, especially if it involved seizing territory and people being killed. Getty Images A Eurofighter Typhoon There are several potential flashpoints here, where Nato military chiefs fear that Putin, if he were allowed to achieve his aims in Ukraine, could eventually move on to seek new targets for aggression. They all voted for independence and have since joined Nato, but all have Russian-speaking minorities and hence there is a risk that Mr Putin could be tempted to send his troops across the border "to protect them from persecution". The eastern Estonian town of Narva, for example, is an obvious potential target here, as the majority of its population speak Russian and it sits just across the river from the giant Russian fortress of Ivangorod. AFP via Gettty Images The eastern Estonian town of Narva sits just across the river from the giant Russian fortress of Ivangorod In the event of war, the plan goes, it would be hurriedly reinforced to brigade strength of around 3,000 or more. Litvinenko, Skripal and hostile acts on UK soil The UK may well be Putin's enemy number one, having been one of Ukraine's staunchest allies, and having pushed for more powerful weapons to be delivered to help its defence. Hostile acts on UK soil that have been linked to President Putin include the murder with radioactive Polonium-210 of former KGB officer Alexander Litvinenko in London in 2006 - a public inquiry concluded that Putin "probably" approved his assassination - and the attempted murder of former Russian military intelligence officer turned MI6 agent Sergei Skripal in Salisbury in 2018, using the nerve agent, Novichok. Lord Anthony Hughes, the inquiry chair, said: "I have concluded that the operation to assassinate Sergei Skripal must have been authorised at the highest level, by President Putin." Russia, which has always denied involvement in the attacks and suggested more than 20 different possible explanations for Ms Sturgess's death, described the report's findings as "tasteless fairy tales". Sputnik/ AFP via Getty Images Putin accused European countries of hindering US efforts to bring peace in Ukraine But the UK is also a core member of the Nato alliance. While questions are certainly raised in private over the reliability of the current US administration in the White House, it is hard to envisage the UK ever having to fight Russia on its own. "We would definitely fight with allies, although Russia would most likely only launch a conflict if it felt Nato would break." The wild card here is US President Donald Trump. While the chairman of Nato's Military Committee, Adm Cavo Dragone recently assured me that the US president was absolutely committed to defending the Nato alliance, others are not so sure. Getty Images It is extremely unlikely that the UK would ever find itself in a war with Russia on its own, unsupported by Nato allies "There is no one-size-fits-all answer to what the United Kingdom is actually capable of," concludes Keir Giles of Chatham House, "because there are so many different situations under which it could be challenged by Russia." As a society, the UK – unlike Poland, Finland and the Baltic States – is unquestionably not ready for war. But Mr Giles of Chatham House offers some sobering advice to the British public: "Recognise that the rights and freedoms and prosperity that they take for granted are in fact under threat and that freedom does not come for free." "And understand that lives will have to change. And this is not the fault of the current government or even its predecessors — it's their fault that it is so expensive, but the root cause of the problem is in Moscow." Top image credit: Ministry of Defence /PA Wire/ Getty Images.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c9qen9pwlzwo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: UK asylum system hit by inefficiencies and wasted funds, watchdog finds 2 hours ago Share Save Daniel Sandford UK correspondent Share Save Dan Kitwood/Getty Images The UK's asylum system is affected by inefficiencies, "wasted public funds" and a succession of "short-term, reactive" government policies that have moved problems elsewhere, the National Audit Office (NAO) has said. The NAO's chief analyst, Ruth Kelly, told reporters: "They've had their claim refused, but they're staying in the system with their case unresolved, and that's because of the difficulties in removal." A shortage of other types of accommodation means that large numbers of asylum seekers whose cases are not closed are being housed in hotels. Enver Solomon, the chief executive of Refugee Council, said of the January 2023 analysis: "The NAO's finding that more than half of people who applied for asylum almost three years ago still don't have an outcome is shocking." He said the report mirrors what the Refugee Council's front-line services see every day, "an asylum system that is simply not functioning, where people wait months or even years for a decision… and costs keep rising". "Increases in speed of processing have sometimes come at the expense of the quality of decisions, and improvements in one area have shunted problems elsewhere." The NAO gave the example of former prime minister Rishi Sunak's drive to clear the legacy asylum backlog in 2023, which then shifted pressure onto the appeals stage, simply creating another backlog in the courts. "And judges told us there are poor incentives for working in the immigration and asylum tribunals… because of the taxing and the complex nature of the work, and also because of negative media attention, which makes it harder to recruit judges." The NAO said it would be looking for evidence that the government was now moving away from "short-term, reactive fixes" towards a "sustainable whole-system approach".

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c39prelx2mxo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: UK spending half an hour longer online than in pandemic, says Ofcom 2 hours ago Share Save Laura Cress Technology reporter Share Save Getty Images UK adults spent over half an hour longer online every day in 2025 than they did during the pandemic, according to an annual survey of internet habits by the regulator Ofcom. Psychologist Dr Aric Sigman told the BBC this was not a problem in itself, but what mattered was "what this time is displacing and how this may harm mental health". In a year where the major UK Netflix drama Adolescence won praise and politicial attention for shining a light on misogynistic online content, the survey found adults were feeling less positive about the impact of the internet overall. While more than eight in ten aged 8-17 said they were happy with the amount of time they spent on the internet, they also recognised there were negative impacts of endlessly scrolling on smartphones. And Ofcom found across four of the main services used by children - YouTube, Snapchat, TikTok and WhatsApp – up to a quarter of the time 8 to 14-year-olds spent online was between 2100 and 0500. After the age checks became mandatory, the survey said VPN use more than doubled, rising from roughly 650,000 daily users before July and peaking at over 1.4 million in mid-August But it also found the number had since declined to around 900,000 in November.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/czdgj9vyqr1o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Trump says Europe 'weak' and 'faithful servant' Winkleman 1 hour ago Share Save Share Save US President Donald Trump has declared European leaders "weak", with his comments splashed on a number of Wednesday's front pages. According to the Metro, the president "lambasted 'decaying' European nations" for their failure to take action to end the Ukraine war, in a rant that the paper says "puts peace in peril". The paper leads with quotes from its interview with the leader of France's National Rally party, Jordan Bardella, who said he would rewrite border policy to help the UK push small boats carrying migrants back into French waters. It reports that the US has given Ukrainian leader Volodymyr Zelensky "days" to respond to their proposition, which will require Ukraine to accept territorial losses in exchange for "unspecified US security guarantees". "Number of police forces cut to dozen under plan", reads the headline on the front page of the Times, which reports that Home Secretary Shabana Mahmood is considering reducing police forces in England and Wales to just 12. Sources have told the paper that the home secretary has delayed the publication of a "long-awaited" blueprint for police reform until 2026, as she wants to make "bolder changes than previously planned". The Guardian reports that Sir Keir Starmer has called on European leaders to "urgently curb" joint human rights laws, in order to allow states to take "tougher action to protect borders". It says that a "damning report" from the National Audit Office has revealed "huge gaps in systems" and missing data, including on how many asylum seekers have gone missing since arriving in the UK. In her comment piece for the paper, Carole Malone asks "How many more sexual assaults will it take?" "The lost Covid billions" is the main story for the Mirror, after a report found that aid schemes were left open to risk during the pandemic. A photograph of the late Ozzy Osbourne alongside his wife Sharon is splashed across the front page of the Sun, after she revealed his final words to her before his death in July this year.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/videos/c0q57j99zpno?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Ozzy, a mastiff mix from Oklahoma City, broke the Guinness World record with his tongue measuring 7.83in (19.89cm), surpassing the previous record holder, Rocky the Boxer, whose tongue measures 5.46in (13.88cm).

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cyvgq5nr05yo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: They were buried alive in a mine collapse 2 hours ago Share Save Godwin Asediba BBC News Komla Dumor Award winner, Eastern Province, Sierra Leone Share Save Andre Lombard / BBC Namina Jenneh is mourning her 17-year-old son who died while mining for gold There is a sense of disbelief in this Sierra Leonean village as people weep in front of the bodies of two teenage boys wrapped in white cloth. The day before, 16-year-old Mohamed Bangura and 17-year-old Yayah Jenneh left their homes in Nyimbadu, in the country's Eastern Province, hoping to earn a little extra money for their families. Mohamed and Yayah were part of a phenomenon that has seen a growing number of children missing school in parts of Sierra Leone to mine the precious metal in potentially lethal pits, according to headteachers and community activists. David Wilkins / BBC People dig up the rich earther wherever they think they might be able to find gold Mining sites pop up wherever local people find deposits in this land laden with riches - on farmland, in former graveyards and along riverbeds. There are few formal mining companies operating here, but in the areas which are not considered profitable, the landscape is dotted with these unregulated pits that can be as deep as 4m (13 feet). As someone who worked in the pits herself, she acknowledges that she introduced Yayah to mining but says: "He didn't tell me he was going to that site - if I had known I would have stopped him." When she heard about the collapse, she says she begged someone to "call the excavator driver. David Wilkins / BBC Komba Sesay would like to become a lawyer but is missing school in order to mine At one site I meet 17-year-old Komba Sesay who wants to be a lawyer, but he spends daylight hours here to support his mother. "We spend about 8.9% of our GDP, the highest of any other country in this sub-region, on education," he says, adding that funds go to teachers, school-feeding programmes and subsidies intended to keep children in the classroom.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/football/articles/cjdr1d0kn00o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Yet it was Liverpool's player of the season so far who took the responsibility from 12 yards out while the man who would have usually taken the penalty sat at home, almost 1000 miles away. The sight of the players walking over to the away end and the travelling fans singing Arne Slot's name at the full-time whistle told you all you needed to know.

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/12/09/g-s1-101503/kentucky-state-university-shooting-frankfort
Article: — One student was killed and another was critically wounded in a shooting at a residence hall at Kentucky State University on Tuesday, and a suspect who is not a student at the school has been arrested, officials said. Video from WLKY-TV in Louisville showed multiple police vehicles outside a cluster of dormitories and crime scene tape in a courtyard at the school in Frankfort, the state's capital city. Andy Beshear said in a video message posted on X that the shooting "appears to be an isolated incident" and that "there is no ongoing threat." "Violence has no place in our commonwealth or country. "As a parent I cannot imagine receiving the call I placed today to the parents." The shooting was the second in four months in the same area of the university.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/politics/hegseth-tells-congressional-leaders-he-is-weighing-release-of-boat-strike-video
Article: Senate Democratic leader Chuck Schumer said that when he asked the defense secretary whether he would allow every member of Congress to view the video of the attack from September, Hegseth’s response was: “We have to study it.” WASHINGTON (AP) — Defense Secretary Pete Hegseth told congressional leaders Tuesday that he was still weighing whether to release the full video of an attack on an alleged drug boat that killed two survivors, even as he faced intensifying demands from Congress for disclosure. Schumer described the briefing as “very unsatisfying” and added that “Democrats and Republicans had a right to see it, wanted to see it, and should see it.” Separately Tuesday, the U.S. Southern Command in the coming days, and the GOP chair and ranking Democrat of the Senate Armed Services Committee represented another determined step by lawmakers to get answers about the operation. Roger Wicker, the Republican chair of the Senate Armed Services Committee, declined to discuss the specifics of the call, but described Holsey as a “great public servant.” He also said that the Pentagon is weighing whether releasing the video would disclose classified information. In its annual defense authorization bill, which was crafted by both Republicans and Democrats, Congress is demanding that the Pentagon turn over unedited video of the strikes, as well as the orders authorizing the attacks. military strikes against alleged drug boats He added that Holsey answered the senators’ questions but also said that “there are still many questions to be answered.” Reed later added that Holsey did not give a reason for his retirement other than saying it was a personal decision. Congress presses for more information Lawmakers are trying to understand the purpose and parameters of President Donald Trump’s campaign, which has struck 22 boats and killed at least 87 people since it started in September. military flew a pair of fighter jets over the Gulf of Venezuela in what appears to be the closest American warplanes have come to the country’s airspace since the start of the Trump administration’s pressure campaign. boat strikes, fueling debate over legality Trump this week justified the strike by claiming that the two suspected drug smugglers were trying to right the part of the boat after it had capsized in the initial attack. Mark Warner, the top Democrat on the Senate Intelligence Committee, called it a “little strange” for officials to now claim that full, unedited video of the strike is classified and cannot be released even to members of Congress. 2 strike, lawmakers learned that the destroyed boat was heading south at the time of the attack and that military intelligence showed it was headed toward another vessel that was bound for Suriname. House Speaker Mike Johnson missed the classified briefing — the only leader to do so, according to two people familiar with the private session who spoke on the condition of anonymity. Johnson’s absence was notable from the speaker, who is second in line of succession to the president, especially as Congress is expected to have the final say on the military’s use of the nation’s war powers. War powers resolution vote A group of senators — three Democrats and one Republican — is also preparing to force a vote on legislation as soon as next week that would halt Trump’s ability to use military force against Venezuela directly without congressional approval.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/show/republicans-challenge-limits-on-campaign-donations-in-a-case-before-the-supreme-court
Article: Geoff Bennett: Welcome to the "News Hour." With less than a year until the 2026 midterm elections, it's already expected to be one of the most expensive campaigns in history. Adav Noti: There was a widespread bipartisan understanding that, while some amount of money is needed to run elections and campaigns, it is best if that be limited, that no undue amount of it come from any one source, and then it be fully disclosed to the public. Lisa Desjardins: This century, the Supreme Court has overturned some limits, including in the Citizens United case, removing caps for donating to super PACs and ruling they violated free speech. Marc Elias: If the coordinated party's spending limits go away, then now the money that is going into those committees in these hundreds of thousands of dollar checks or million-dollar checks can now be spent on an unlimited basis to benefit a particular candidate. Supreme Court Associate Justice: The combination of campaign finance laws and this court's decisions over the years have together reduced the power of political parties as compared to outside groups, with negative effects on our constitutional democracy.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/show/marjorie-taylor-greene-speaks-out-about-president-trump-as-she-prepares-to-leave-congress
Article: But the pair fell out, dramatically and publicly, after she called for the extension of expiring health care subsidies and fought for the release of the Epstein files over his objections. Amna Nawaz: Can we just begin with some of the news today, which, as you know, is President Trump kicking off with the White House says is going to be a series of events talking about affordability. I know you broke with the president, sided with the Democrats on this issue, specifically as it relates to health care costs during the shutdown, but I have to ask, you have seen the polling. And I know you have said in the past too the survivors have come to you and offered to provide you a list of the perpetrators they have compiled so that you can read it on the House floor. Amna Nawaz: When you came out to back the release of those files, you said that President Trump told you that people will get hurt if those files are released. Amna Nawaz: Congresswoman, I have to ask you, as you have pointed out, you were a staunch, vocal MAGA loyalist for the president, voting with him 98 percent of the time. And after the president unfortunately called me a traitor, even though I have been his most loyal member of Congress and have such a strong voting record with him, I also have legislation that directly reflects many of his executive orders. But it shows, it really shows there's a problem in the Republican Party when the leader of the Republican Party, the president of the United States, would actually attack one of his own members that has been so good to him. I would love to see him be successful in those for the American people, but I just can't allow myself to be what I call a battered wife and be treated this way. And I know our audience would welcome the chance to hear from you on this, because they want to see that end to that political toxicity as well you have talked about. They have also seen headlines in which you yourself have been yelling at President Biden, calling him a liar during the State of the Union, or saying your Democratic colleagues at a congressional hearing was messing up her reading because of fake eyelashes, or tweeting after Pope Francis died that "Evil is being defeated by the hand of God." So, I want to give you a chance to speak directly to our viewers and just reflect back on anything you have said in your time in office that you wish you hadn't or something you wish you hadn't done. And I think the problem with the political industrial complex is, I'm — not only have I been a part of it, but I have also been a victim of it.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/show/a-man-wrongfully-detained-by-ice-discusses-his-arrest-and-treatment-in-custody
Article: Geoff Bennett: While President Trump's targeted immigration sweeps in cities like New Orleans and Minneapolis have drawn national attention, the reach of his administration's policies extends far beyond those headlines. Cruz has what's called deferred action status, which means that the Department of Homeland Security has looked at his application and decided that they're going to defer any removal or deportation on his case while his case is pending. Julia Braker: No, because when the Department of Homeland Security makes such a determination, it goes in complete contradiction for it to then detain that person and put them into deportation proceedings. It simply doesn't make sense that the Department of Homeland Security would both grant him a status that explicitly says that he won't be removed and at the same time put him into removal proceedings. It is sad that all this has been happening, but I told my wife and kids that, if anything happens to me again, I just don't want to live the same nightmare again.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/show/literary-critics-reveal-their-favorite-books-of-2025
Article: It’s that time of the year when PBS News Hour invites two of our regular literary critics, Ann Patchett and Maureen Corrigan, to highlight their favorite books of the year. For a look at which books you should be reading and gifting this holiday season, we're joined by two of our favorite readers and recommenders, Maureen Corrigan, a professor at Georgetown University and book critic for NPR's "Fresh Air," and acclaimed author Ann Patchett, who's also the owner of Parnassus Books in Nashville, where she joins us. Maureen Corrigan: But Lily King is such a brilliant designer of narrative that you don't have to have read the first novel to really fall in love with this one. It's about a love triangle at a college campus in the 1980s, and it follows our main character, a woman nicknamed Jordan, as she tries to pull her life together and the decades afterwards. Ann Patchett: Arundhati Roy, "Mother Mary Comes to Me." Arundhati Roy burst into the literary scene in 1996 with her international bestselling Booker Prize-winning "The God of Small Things," which sold over six million copies. In 2017, with a lot of her research grad students, she constructed a Web site, the Last Seen Web site, that gathered together every ad they could find placed by formerly enslaved people looking for their family members who were sold away. This is a book that women will love, that men will love, that if you have someone on your list who says, oh, I only read nonfiction, they still will love this book.

Link: https://feeds.texastribune.org/link/16799/17228290/jasmine-crockett-texas-senate-democratic-primary-turnout-persuasion-2026
Article: In the eyes of some pundits and politicos, the Dallas Democrat’s nomination would spell doom for her party’s chances of winning a statewide race for the first time in over three decades. But others say she would need to attract voters who cast their ballots for President Donald Trump, in a state the president carried last November by nearly 14 percentage points — a gap that some argue cannot be bridged by high Democratic turnout alone, and that Crockett is too polarizing to achieve. Though Texas Democrats are still smarting from another round of blowout defeats last year, 2026 marks the first midterm with Trump in the White House since 2018, when Beto O’Rourke’s narrow Senate loss generated a wave of down-ballot wins for Democrats. As Democrats have struggled with unscripted forums, finding their digital voice and authentic presentation, Crockett, a frequent presence on cable television and in long-form interviews, is regarded among the base as an invigorating and clear communicator, never robotic or boring. “Jasmine Crockett is the most talked about member of the United States Congress, House or Senate,” Harris County Commissioner Rodney Ellis, a bastion of Houston politics, said at Crockett’s launch event. She has shown that she can raise money.” But critics say that while Crockett may drive disengaged Democrats to the polls, she will also inspire independents and Republicans to come out against her — a phenomenon she can ill afford in a red state. They worry that 2026 — a Trump midterm year, with a hotly contested Republican primary that will leave the eventual GOP nominee bruised and battered — is too promising an opportunity to run a candidate known for clapping back against members of the dominant party in the state. “My concern with her is that, in a year where we’re already anticipating that there’s going to be greater Democratic turnout and enthusiasm in response to this administration, as we saw in 2018 … are we giving [Republicans] an incentive to turn out, where they otherwise would’ve stayed home?” Zdunkewicz said. Monique Alcala, a former executive director of the Texas Democratic Party, also voiced concerns about Crockett’s electability and whether she can turn out or flip enough infrequent voters needed to win statewide. And I think that Crockett has not made that a priority of hers in Congress.” Crockett has said she is running because she believes the opposite — that she can turn out infrequent voters and expand the electorate. Asked in a Monday night CNN interview how she planned to attract Trump voters, Crockett said she planned to focus her message on affordability, and added, “I don’t know that we’ll necessarily convert all of Trump’s supporters. That’s not our goal.” Already, Republicans — who have made no secret that they would prefer to face her over Talarico — are tying her to down-ballot Democrats running in some of the most competitive seats in the country. John Cornyn, the Texas Republican who would face Crockett in November if he survives his primary, told Semafor her bid is a “gift.” One Republican operative told The Texas Tribune that the mood yesterday in the GOP was on par with “Christmas morning.” Crockett’s previous comments about key voting blocs in Texas will likely take center stage in Republican advertising, such as when she described some Latino voters’ anti-immigrant attitudes as a “slave mentality” in an interview with Vanity Fair a year ago. persuasion The graveyard of failed Texas Democrats from the last 30 years is littered with statewide candidates of all stripes — moderates, progressives, big fundraisers, national figures, military and law enforcement veterans, profane celebrities, lawyers, business owners and those of all race and ethnicity. We’ll have to see.” Rebecca Marques, who has worked in Texas Democratic politics for years, including on O’Rourke’s 2022 gubernatorial bid, said she believes in Crockett’s campaign because the Dallas Democrat is stylistically attractive to infrequent Democratic voters and swing voters, many of whom are younger, Latino or Asian. “She has an easier time bridging how she campaigns and speaks to that unlikely voter base and the swing voters we think we could peel off in a general — Latinos, Asians, maybe poor young white folks — that are not ideologically in one camp or another, and are most focused on their economic ability.” Marques also said she does not think Crockett would uniquely whip up Republican turnout if she wins the nomination. She believes the right is already fired up because of their dramatic Republican primary and the possibility that Attorney General Ken Paxton — a GOP firebrand who is popular among the base and hopes to unseat Cornyn in March — may be the nominee. Talarico, by contrast, flipped a state House seat in 2018 before switching to a safer blue seat in Austin for the 2022 cycle after his district was made redder through redistricting. “This is not a base mobilization election — Trump carried Texas by 14 points — it’s about who can create a big enough coalition to win,” Eric Koch, a Democratic strategist who has done campaign work in Texas, said via text. “Talarico can do that, Crockett can’t.” Matt Angle, a longtime Texas Democratic operative and founder of the Lone Star Project, said Crockett’s biggest asset is her ability to communicate effectively with voters, while her biggest challenge will be coming across as a Texas Democrat rather than a national Democrat, given her massive profile. Can she reach out to some people who have dismissed Democrats, either because they just don’t think they’re going to win, or because they don’t think they talk to them about the right issues?” Down-ballot races The Democrat who came closest to winning a statewide race in Texas this century was O’Rourke, who lost by less than 3 percentage points in 2018, reviving dormant Democratic dreams of a blue Texas. Though O’Rourke lost, one of his lasting legacies is the array of down-ballot races Democrats won that cycle, in part by relying on the high turnout he generated through motivating infrequent voters. The National Republican Campaign Committee — the House GOP’s campaign arm — has already sought to tie Gonzalez to Crockett, as has one of his prospective GOP opponents, Eric Flores. Gonzalez is running for reelection to a district that Trump would have carried by 10 points, after Republicans in the state Legislature redrew the boundaries over the summer to be more favorable for the GOP. “Whether they cave and endorse her before the primary or wait until she’s officially coronated as Democrats’ next statewide loser, her toxic brand will hurt Texas Democrats down the ballot next year.” The NRCC’s internal polling, shared with The Texas Tribune, found that Crockett’s image was underwater in a summer survey of 50 battleground districts across the country, though the group did not disclose her exact margin. Cameron County Democratic Chair Jared Hockema runs the local party in a Rio Grande Valley county that voted for Trump last year, shifting 10 percentage points to the right and voting for a Republican presidential nominee for only the third time since 1980.

Link: https://feeds.texastribune.org/link/16799/17228228/rod-paige-education-secretary-houston-isd-superintendent-dies
Article: The Mississippi native served as Houston Independent School District superintendent from 1994 to 2001 after spending five years as a school board member, earning a reputation for “innovative reforms,” according to Education Week. Paige, who was sworn into Houston ISD’s school board in 1990, supported sweeping changes, such as expanded charter school programing, and introduced teacher incentive pay, which led to rising student test scores, according to the Houston Chronicle. Paige’s changes were collectively coined the “Houston Miracle.” “His legacy of leadership, commitment to education, and belief in the potential of every child continues to inspire educators and leaders across generations,” Houston ISD said in a statement to the Houston Chronicle. In an editorial for the Houston Chronicle published last year, Paige said the Texas Education Agency’s takeover of Houston ISD should be seen as a “playbook for urban school transformation.” “Our school systems are in dire need of a fundamental overhaul, not just piecemeal tweaks,” Paige wrote. “We need more districts willing to reimagine what’s possible, as HISD is doing on a scale never before seen in this country.” When Paige was appointed by Bush to serve as the seventh U.S. Bush, in a statement Tuesday, said Paige “challenged what we called ‘the soft bigotry of low expectations.’” “Rod worked hard to make sure that where a child was born didn’t determine whether they could succeed in school and beyond,” he continued. Houston Mayor John Whitmire, who was a state senator when Paige led Houston ISD, on X called him a “respected education and a dear friend” who “transformed lives and opened the doors of opportunity for countless children.” Harris County Commissioner Rodney Ellis called him a “trailblazing educator, proud Houstonian, and devoted public servant” on X. “His legacy at Texas Southern is enduring.” Paige was dedicated to understanding and improving the country’s education system long after his education career ended, and was focused on the state’s takeover of Houston ISD.

Link: https://feeds.texastribune.org/link/16799/17228180/texas-screwworm-plan-cattle
Article: See our AI policy , and give us feedback McALLEN — As Mexican officials battle the spread of New World Screwworm, Texas officials are still working to finalize a response plan that would be enacted should the parasitic fly spread into the state. “I offer that as a very simple example, one of many that I could give you, of where this plan does not meet the realities of this industry today,” he told the panel of lawmakers. “Our plan was to go through the New World Screwworm playbook that USDA’s developed and go through our plan with individual or smaller industry groups over the next couple of months,” he said. “We’ve got to protect our ability to continue to move livestock out of the northern portion of our state into other states, so we need to make sure that we meet any kind of regionalization plan or domestic zoning plans that will mesh with our trade partners in New World Screwworm response,” Dinges said. Efforts to eradicate the screwworm are underway in Panama, where USDA officials are helping produce 100 million sterile flies per week meant to mate with the screwworm in hopes of eradicating their population. It currently has a construction timeline of 12-18 months, one that the USDA acknowledged was “aggressive.” “Historically, we do not have a good track record with the Army Corps of Engineers on expediting projects and getting those deadlines hit and met,” said Dudley Hoskins, Under Secretary of Marketing & Regulatory Programs, for the USDA. “This timeline that the secretary gave us on Moore Air Base is incredibly aggressive, our colleagues and leadership at the Army Corps know that, (but) they’re committed to helping us meet that deadline and they are real partners in this process with us,” he said. Gustavo Sabatini, a veterinarian with Boehringer Ingelheim Animal Health, a German company that produces therapeutics and parasiticides, also noted that the cold weather may be deterring the insect from flying north temporarily. Disclosure: Texas A&M AgriLife has been a financial supporter of The Texas Tribune, a nonprofit, nonpartisan news organization that is funded in part by donations from members, foundations and corporate sponsors.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/pennsylvania-gov-josh-shapiro-faces-subpoena-private-home/story?id=128255380
Article: In this April 13, 2025, file photo, Pennsylvania Governor Josh Shapiro speaks during a press conference outside of the Governor's Mansion after an arsonist sets fire to the Governor's Residence in a targeted attack in Harrisburg, Pa. A GOP-led committee in the state legislature voted Tuesday to issue three subpoenas seeking records related to, among other things, roughly $1 million in security upgrades to his personal home in the suburbs of Philadelphia. Kyle Mazza/Anadolu via Getty Images, FILE In a statement to ABC News, a spokesperson for the governor called the move a "partisan attack" and said they've already provided some information. "The Shapiro Administration has repeatedly responded to lawmakers' inquiries on this matter and publicly released a substantial amount of information about the security improvements put in place by PSP without compromising those security protocols." The Democratic governor is among several contenders rumored for his party’s presidential nomination in 2028. Kyle Mazza/Anadolu via Getty Images, FILE The attack occurred in the middle of the night, hours after the Shapiro family hosted more than two dozen people for the first night of Passover. “But no administration -- Republican or Democrat -- should be allowed to operate in the shadows and refuse to provide basic data about their decisions when millions of dollars of taxpayer funds are involved and precedents are being set.” In this April 13, 2025, file photo, extensive fire damage to the Pennsylvania Governor's Mansion and Gov. Jay Costa dubbing it a "fishing expedition." The subpoenas seek, among other things, records from the Pennsylvania State Police related to "any construction, landscaping/hardscaping, equipment and installation" as well as related legal services at the governor's private family home, as well as police body camera footage from the grounds between Sept. They also seek texts, emails, and other communications between the State Police, the construction services and the local township related to the upgrade work that could shed light on how decisions were made about the upgrades.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/teen-football-players-arrested-after-alleged-2k-dicks/story?id=128241278
Article: Eight teenagers on a Philadelphia youth football team were arrested and charged with felonies after they allegedly stole thousands of dollars' worth of merchandise from a Dick's Sporting Goods in Florida -- only hours before their championship game. The players on the United Thoroughbreds team, aged 14 to 15, had traveled to Polk County from Pennsylvania, where they stole items worth $2,296.07 from the store Saturday morning, according to police. In a press conference, Polk County Sheriff Grady Judd said the eight juveniles Ubered to the store, where they allegedly stuffed 47 items into bags and their pants before leaving the store.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/tennessee-governor-intervene-stop-latest-execution-lethal-injection-128261436
Article: Bill Lee will not intervene to prevent the execution of Harold Wayne Nichols, who is scheduled to die on Thursday by lethal injection FILE - This undated photo released by the Tennessee Department of Corrections shows Harold Wayne Nichols in Tennessee. (Tennessee Department of Corrections via the Chattanooga Free Press via AP, File) FILE - This undated photo released by the Tennessee Department of Corrections shows Harold Wayne Nichols in Tennessee. His clemency petition stated “he would be the first person to be executed for a crime he pleaded guilty to since Tennessee re-enacted the death penalty in 1978.” In a statement emailed late on Tuesday, Lee said, “After deliberate consideration of Harold Wayne Nichols’ request for clemency, and after a thorough review of the case, I am upholding the sentence of the State of Tennessee and do not plan to intervene.” In a recent interview, Pulley’s sister, Lisette Monroe, said the wait for Nichols’ execution has been “37 years of hell.” She described her sister as “gentle, sweet and innocent,” and said she hopes that after the execution she’ll be able to focus on the happy memories of Pulley instead of her murder.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/wireStory/fani-willis-face-georgia-senate-questions-trump-prosecution-128251180
Article: Lawyers for Willis and the state Senate committee appeared Tuesday before the Georgia Supreme Court to contest whether a 2024 subpoena can still compel Willis to testify, even though that version of the Georgia General Assembly dissolved when a new one took office in January. State senators in January 2024 created the committee to look into allegations of “various forms of misconduct” against Willis concerning her prosecution against Trump and others over efforts to overturn Trump’s 2020 election loss in Georgia. It said a romantic relationship between the two amounted to a “clear conflict of interest and a fraud upon the taxpayers." Amid a court battle over the committee's power to order her to appear, Willis didn’t show up last year when subpoenaed. When Willis announced the indictment against Trump and 18 others in August 2023, she used the state's anti-racketeering law to allege a conspiracy to try to illegally overturn Trump's narrow loss to Democrat Joe Biden in the 2020 presidential election in Georgia.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/09/trump-biden-fed-autopen-powell.html
Article: President Donald Trump on Tuesday claimed to have "just heard" that all four of former President Joe Biden's appointments to the Federal Reserve were approved by "autopen," suggesting they are not authorized to serve in those roles. But he said he thinks it is "something we have to look into." And he suggested that the list of autopen-signed appointees could include Fed Chair Jerome Powell, who has faced near-constant criticism from Trump over his handling of the central bank and U.S. The autopen comments came during a campaign-style speech in Mount Pocono, Pennsylvania, where Trump had traveled to speak about the economy and counter Democrats' messaging about an affordability crisis in the U.S. "By the way, it looks — you're gonna have to check this, please — I just heard, it could be that all four commissioners in the Fed signed by Biden ...

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/10/microsoft-india-investment-ai-infra-as-big-tech-google-aws.html
Article: Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella appears at an event with tech CEOs and senior officials, including Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi, in the East Room of the White House in Washington on June 22, 2023. The company said that the investments, aimed at expanding hyperscale infrastructure, embedding AI into national platforms, and advancing workforce readiness, will be spread over 4 years, building on its $3 billion pledge made in January. In a post on social media, Nadella thanked Modi and said that Microsoft's investments would "help build the infrastructure, skills, and sovereign capabilities needed for India's AI first future." The move comes as India attempts to catch up on AI, with Modi emphasizing building a comprehensive tech ecosystem and AI sovereignty. "The youth of India will harness this opportunity to innovate and leverage the power of AI for a better planet," Modi said in a post on X, referring to Microsoft's investment. The company added that it was doubling its January commitment to train 20 million Indians in AI by 2030, with hopes to grow and skill its more than 22,000 employees in the country. Microsoft also announced on Tuesday that it would be integrating its Azure AI capabilities into two key digital public platforms of India's Ministry of Labour and Employment and the National Career Service. India's Union Minister of Electronics & Information Technology Ashwini Vaishnaw called the investment a signal of India's rise as a reliable global technology partner, accelerating the shift from digital to AI public infrastructure.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/10/chinas-cpi-ppi-deflation-november-consumer-prices.html
Article: China's consumer inflation accelerated in November to the highest level in nearly two years while producer price deflation worsened, underscoring the challenge policymakers face in reviving domestic demand amid persistent trade tensions. While the economy slowed to its weakest level in a year in the third quarter, it appears to be on track to reach Beijing's annual growth target of "around 5%" this year, supported by the resilient exports as manufacturers ramped up shipments to non-U.S. China amassed more than $1 trillion in trade surplus in the first 11 months of the year, topping the full-year record set in 2024, as the country navigated ongoing trade tensions and growing economic protectionism around the world. In a key meeting earlier this month, the Politburo, top decision-making body of the ruling Communist Party, named expanding domestic demand and rebalancing supplies among the top economic priorities for 2026. "Although policymakers maintained their easing bias, they appeared less inclined towards broad-based stimulus measures," said Lisheng Wang, China economist at Goldman Sachs, noting that policymakers may need to strengthen their easing rhetoric again and step up pro-growth policy efforts next year to offset the drag from the property sector and labour market. Investors and economists are watching closely the annual Central Economic Work Conference expected in the coming days, where policymakers will set key growth targets and policy priorities for next year.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/09/wednesdays-big-stock-stories-whats-likely-to-move-the-market-in-the-next-trading-session.html
Article: The last Fed decision of the year Markets are betting the central bank will almost certainly cut rates by a quarter point Wednesday, and those hopes have helped stock markets climb back toward record highs. A blowout in its last quarter sent Oracle shares soaring 36% for its best day on record, and briefly got its market cap over $1 trillion on an intraday basis. ORCL 3M mountain Oracle shares over the past three months Nvidia ripple effects China is reportedly going to limit the number of H200 AI chips Nvidia can sell in the country, even as the Trump administration has given the hyperscaler the green light . JPMorgan's Warning The big bank stock took a sharp leg lower midday after an executive warned of a "more fragile" environment for the consumer, and the bank shared higher-than-expected 2026 expense projections . Morgan Stanley , Goldman Sachs , Bank of New York Mellon , Capital One , State Street and Synchrony Financial all hit all-time highs during Tuesday's session Citigroup hit its highest level since 2008. They are down over 11% this year and down 3.5% since its last earnings report three weeks ago Energized gains Exxon Mobil jumped nearly 2% for its best day since July. XOM YTD mountain Exxon Mobil shares year to date Step aside, gold Silver notched its 10th record high of the year, jumping more than 4% and settling at over $60 an ounce.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/10/cnbc-daily-open-a-hawkish-cut-by-the-fed-could-dull-festivities.html
Article: However, given that traders are all but certain that the cut will happen — an 88.6% chance, to be exact, according to the CME FedWatch tool — the news is likely already priced into stocks by the market.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/10/student-killed-suspect-in-custody-in-kentucky-state-university-shooting?traffic_source=rss
Article: Two individuals were critically injured, and I am sad to share that one has now passed away.1/2 pic.twitter.com/4G1BgJNVQj — Governor Andy Beshear (@GovAndyBeshear) December 9, 2025 Stabbing at North Carolina high school Earlier on Tuesday, a stabbing at a central North Carolina high school left one student dead and another injured, authorities said. Advertisement Forsyth County Sheriff Bobby Kimbrough said officers at North Forsyth High School in Winston-Salem responded shortly after 11am local time (16:00 GMT), following reports of a dispute between students.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/10/russia-ukraine-war-list-of-key-events-day-1385?traffic_source=rss
Article: Here’s where things stand on Wednesday, December 10 : Ukrainian troops holding parts of the beleaguered city of Pokrovsk have been ordered to withdraw from hard-to-defend positions in the past week, Ukraine’s top military commander, Oleksandr Syrskii, said. Russia’s top general, Valery Gerasimov, said that Moscow’s forces were advancing along the entire front line in Ukraine and were also focused on Ukrainian troops in the surrounded town of Myrnohrad. Russia’s Syzran oil refinery on the Volga River halted oil processing on December 5 after being damaged by a Ukrainian drone attack, the Reuters news agency reported, citing two industry sources.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/10/us-authorities-acknowledge-immigrant-children-held-beyond-court-set-limit?traffic_source=rss
Article: Hundreds of immigrant children in the United States have lingered in federal detention beyond a court-mandated limit, including some who were held more than five months, according to court filings. A December 1 report from US Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) indicated that about 400 immigrant children were held in custody for more than the 20-day limit from August to September. Hotel use for temporary detention is allowed by the federal court for up to 72 hours, but lawyers questioned the government’s data, which they believe did not fully explain why children were held longer than three days in hotel rooms. “Children get diarrhea, heartburn, stomach aches, and they give them food that literally has worms in it,” one person with a family staying at the facility in Dilley wrote in a declaration submitted to the court. Chief US District Judge Dolly Gee of the Central District of California is scheduled to have a hearing on the reports next week, where she could decide if the court needs to intervene.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/10/flavio-bolsonaro-retracts-suggestion-of-a-price-to-end-2026-election-bid?traffic_source=rss
Article: Far-right Senator Flavio Bolsonaro has reaffirmed his commitment to running in Brazil’s 2026 presidential race, despite criticism that he appeared to be openly haggling over whether to remain a candidate. On Tuesday, Bolsonaro met with reporters outside federal police headquarters in the capital Brasilia, where his father, former President Jair Bolsonaro, is serving a 27-year sentence for attempting to foment a coup. “And in his own words, ‘We will not turn back.’ Now it is time to talk to people, so we can have the right people on our side.” The senator also attempted to clear up the comments that sparked the initial controversy. In September, a panel on Brazil’s Supreme Court convicted Jair of five charges related to his attempts to overturn the 2022 presidential election, including one count of seeking the violent abolition of the democratic rule of law. Separately, in 2023, Brazil’s Supreme Electoral Tribunal ruled that Jair should be barred from holding public office for eight years, as a penalty for misusing the presidential office to spread election falsehoods.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/10/democrat-favoured-to-win-miami-mayoral-election-against-trump-backed-rival?traffic_source=rss
Article: Democrat Eileen Higgins has won the Miami mayor’s race, defeating a Republican endorsed by US President Donald Trump and ending her party’s nearly three-decade losing streak to give Democrats a boost in one of the last electoral battles before the 2026 midterms. Campaigning as a Democrat despite the race being officially nonpartisan , Higgins beat the Trump-backed candidate, Emilio Gonzalez, a former city manager, who said he called Higgins to congratulate her. Before her victory, Higgins told the Associated Press news agency: “We’re living in the state of Florida, where people are building cages for our residents rather than affordable housing for them.” The victory provides Democrats with some momentum heading into a high-stakes midterm election next year. With her runoff victory tonight, Eileen Higgins will be Miami's next mayor—the first woman in the city’s history and the first Democrat in nearly 30 years elected to the office. pic.twitter.com/lSyZ087Xvc — Democrats (@TheDemocrats) December 10, 2025 Advertisement Republican anxiety grows Republicans in Florida have found strong support from voters with heritage from Cuba, Venezuela and Nicaragua, because they liken some members of the Democratic Party’s progressive wing to politicians from the governments they fled. However, some local Republicans are growing increasingly frustrated since November’s elections, when Democrats scored wins in New Jersey and Virginia, where both winning gubernatorial candidates performed strongly with non-white voters.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/9/former-us-justice-department-staff-says-civil-rights-division-destroyed?traffic_source=rss
Article: A group of more than 200 former employees at the United States Department of Justice (DOJ) have signed an open letter decrying the “destruction” of the agency’s civil rights division under President Donald Trump. Now, we must sound the alarm about the near destruction of DOJ’s once-revered crown jewel.” The Justice Department’s Civil Rights Division was first created in 1957, in part to combat codified segregation and discrimination against Black people in the southern part of the US, during what was known as the Jim Crow era.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/politics/politics-news/josh-shapiro-spencer-cox-interview-savannah-guthrie-political-violence-rcna248093
Article: Josh Shapiro of Pennsylvania and Spencer Cox of Utah are sitting for a wide-ranging interview with "Today" co-anchor Savannah Guthrie on Tuesday, as the Democratic and Republican leaders have been at the forefront of handling political violence in their states. Shapiro, a Democrat, has dealt with political violence repeatedly in his state, including the attempt on President Donald Trump's life at a rally in Butler last year and the politically motivated firebombing of his own home this year. “As I have made clear each and every time, this type of violence has no place in our society, regardless of what motivates it or who pulls the trigger, who throws the Molotov cocktail or who wields the weapon,” he said. “It doesn’t matter if it’s coming from one side or from the other, directed at one party or another, one person or another, it is all wrong, and it makes us all less safe.” Shapiro and Cox have built a friendship across party lines.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/politics/elections/democrat-wins-miamis-mayoral-race-first-time-almost-30-years-rcna248168
Article: Democrat Eileen Higgins has won the Miami mayor’s race, NBC News projects, giving the party control of the office for the first time in almost three decades in another victory for Democrats ahead of next year’s pivotal midterm elections. Higgins, a former Miami-Dade County commissioner, won 59% of the vote to 41% for Republican Emilio González, a businessman and former city manager who was endorsed by President Donald Trump. Together, we turned the page on years of chaos and corruption and opened the door to a new era for our city — one defined by ethical, accountable leadership that delivers real results for the people," Higgins said in a statement Tuesday night. While the Miami mayor’s race is technically nonpartisan, the Republican-affiliated candidate has won every election since 2008, and an independent candidate won before then, locking Democrats out of the office since their last win in 1997. Both candidates centered their campaigns on breaking from the previous mayoral administrations in Miami and addressing voters’ economic concerns while pitching different solutions, but the race became nationalized in the final weeks. And it hinged on familiar themes that will play a big role in deciding the 2026 elections: affordability, Trump’s weakened political standing and how his controversial deportation agenda is playing in a city with a significant Hispanic population. “There are many approaches to affordability that local governments have in their own hands even though we aren’t in control of tariffs — which by the way is creating a huge affordability crisis,” she told NBC News the day before the election, in a reference to Trump’s broad tariff policy. She was also deeply critical of Trump — and González by proxy, given Trump’s endorsement — over his deportation agenda, telling NBC News that Hispanic and Haitian voters have been telling her they are “afraid of their government.” Despite Higgins’ messaging, González didn’t run as a Trump acolyte. In an interview Tuesday night with WPLG-TV in Miami, González said he called Higgins to wish her well, adding that she ran a "wonderful campaign." "If she's successful, Miami is successful," he said. The race drew increased national attention in the final weeks, particularly after Democrats made gains but still lost in a Tennessee special election in a vacant congressional district this month. Republicans zeroed in on the race, as well, hoping to hold the seat and push back against a string of GOP candidates underperforming their 2024 marks in special House elections, the recent governor’s races in New Jersey and Virginia and other downballot races.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/science/space/interstellar-comet-3iatlas-photos-solar-system-rcna248030
Article: Comet 3I/ATLAS is only the third object ever confirmed to have entered our cosmic neighborhood from elsewhere in the galaxy, and the rare visit has been documented by a host of satellites, space telescopes, orbiters and even rovers.

Link: https://www.latimes.com/california/story/2025-12-09/trump-administration-ended-crisis-hotline-for-lgbtq-youths-la-county-wants-to-launch-its-own
Article: Five months after the Trump administration shuttered a suicide and crisis hotline for LGBTQ+ youth, Los Angeles County has launched an effort to try to create its own hotline to fill the void. At the time, the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration, which funds the 988 hotline, said it would not “silo LGB+ youth services” but rather focus on serving all who are seeking help. Hahn and District 3 Supervisor Lindsey Horvath led an effort to evaluate the impact of losing “press 3” and discovered that more than 14% of the 5.1 million 988 callers elected to use this option in the last year before the service was terminated. Not now, not ever.” Advertisement On Tuesday, the Board of Supervisors unanimously voted to direct the county’s Department of Mental Health to try to develop a local “press 3” pilot program. Establishing a local program requires approval from the federal agency that eliminated the service with a formal request coming from the California Health and Human Services Agency, according to a county report. If approved, Vibrant — the company that administers the 988 phone tree that routes callers to specialized subnetworks like the “press 3” option for LGBTQ+ trained counselors — would then restore the “press 3” option for L.A. Congressman Raja Krishnamoorthi (D-Ill.) introduced in September the 988 LGBTQ+ Youth Access Act which would require the Department of Health and Human Services to maintain specialized services for LGBTQ+ youth and reserve no less than 9% of 988 Lifeline funds each year to sustain and strengthen those services.

Link: https://www.latimes.com/california/story/2025-12-09/secure-rural-schools-act-california-schools-funding-forestry
Article: The Secure Rural Schools Act, a long-standing financial aid program for schools like his in forested counties, was about to lapse, putting thousands of districts at risk of losing significant chunks of their budgets. Green, whose Trinity Alps Unified School District serves about 650 students in the struggling logging town of Weaverville, bounded through Capitol Hill with a small group of Northern California educators, pleading with anyone who would listen: Please renew the program. But because Congress could not agree on how to fund the program, it took nearly three years — and a lapse in funding — for the Secure Rural Schools Act to be revived, at least temporarily. We kept telling them the same story, and they kept listening.” Green, who until that 2023 trip had never traveled east of Texas, wound up flying to Washington 14 times. Doug LaMalfa, who represents a vast swath of Northern California and helped lead the push for reauthorization, said Congress never should have let the program lapse in the first place. The Secure Rural Schools Act, he said, was a victim of a Congress in which “it’s still an eternal fight over anything fiscal.” It is “annoying,” LaMalfa said, “how hard it is to get basic things done around here.” Sen. (Kent Nishimura / Los Angeles Times) Advertisement “I’m not proud of the situation taking this long and putting these folks in this much stress,” he said of rural communities that rely upon the funding. Advertisement In 2000, Congress enacted what was supposed to be a short-term, six-year solution: the Secure Rural Schools & Community Self-Determination Act, with funding based on a complex formula involving historical timber revenues and other factors. California Learning in Peril In this series of occasional stories, we explore the trials, myths and realities of one of the most culturally dissociated parts of the Golden State — rural, conservative California — through its schools. Advertisement Calderon said he had heard from numerous school districts across the state that had been dipping into reserve funds to avoid layoffs and cutbacks since the Secure Rural Schools Act expired. Ron Wyden, an Oregon Democrat, spearheaded a letter with signatures from more than 80 bipartisan members of Congress urging House leadership to renew the program by the end of the year. The letter said the lapse in funding already had led to “school closures, delayed road and bridge maintenance, and reduced public safety services.” In Trinity County, where Green’s district is located, the federal government owns more than 75% of the land, limiting the tax base and the ability to pass local bonds for things like campus maintenance. It affects their education.” In October — during the 43-day federal government shutdown — Beans took three Trinity County students who are members of Future Farmers of America to Capitol Hill to meet with House Speaker Mike Johnson’s staff about the program. In Green’s letter, he wrote that, if the Secure Rural Schools Act was extended, “financially we will be alright for years to come.” Advertisement On Monday night, the district’s Board of Trustees named Beans interim superintendent.

Link: https://www.latimes.com/california/story/2025-12-09/homeless-services-ceo-steps-down-from-government-oversight-board-amid-scandal
Article: The chief executive of one of Los Angeles’ most prominent homeless service nonprofits has resigned from a government oversight board amid a federal investigation into one of the nonprofit’s real estate dealings. Los Angeles Mayor Karen Bass originally appointed Weingart Center CEO Kevin Murray to the board of the Los Angeles County Affordable Housing Solutions Agency, which is tasked with spending a portion of Measure A sales tax revenue on affordable housing and homeless prevention. Several weeks ago, the Weingart Center placed Murray and his director of real estate development, Ben Rosen, on leave while the nonprofit conducted an internal review into its housing projects. In a statement at the time, Weingart did not specify which housing projects were under review, but the move came after The Times raised questions about two projects, including one in Cheviot Hills that is now the subject of a federal investigation. Advertisement In October, federal prosecutors accused a real estate executive of using fake documentation to buy a nursing home in Cheviot Hills for $11.2 million, then quickly selling it to Weingart for $27.3 million, which used government money to fund the acquisition and eventual conversion to homeless housing. Murray, a former state senator, told The Times in August that he had “no prior relationship with the seller and no continuing relationship” and that taxpayers paid fair market value for the property. After Rosen was placed on leave several weeks ago, his attorney told The Times his client is a “career-long advocate of housing for people experiencing homelessness” who welcomed Weingart’s review.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/mlb/yankees-lose-24-year-old-backstop-to-angels-in-free-agency-11183843
Article: One of those deals was signed by former New York Yankees farmhand Omar Martinez, a 24-year-old catcher who elected free agency in November after over seven years in the organization. Martinez, who reached Triple-A for the first time this past season after beginning the year in High-A, is headed to an organization with a less crowded catching pipeline at the upper levels of the minors: the Los Angeles Angels. He had an OPS of at least .778 in each of his previous four minor-league campaigns, so there could be more production in the bat as he adjusts to the upper levels of the minors. Los Angeles has a starting catcher who struggles on defense in Logan O'Hoppe and a veteran backup in Travis d'Arnaud who appears to be declining on both sides of the ball. They projected to have a need in the coming years for some talented minor leaguers who could develop into quality defensive backups, and Martinez could be a solid addition from that perspective.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nfl/rashee-rice-tent-concussion-kansas-city-chiefs-11184329
Article: The outlook looks bleak for the Kansas City Chiefs after losing 20-10 to the Houston Texans in front of 73,611 fans at Arrowhead Stadium on "Sunday Night Football." Read more: Chiefs’ Travis Kelce Could Face Punishment From NFL for Postgame Actions The defending AFC champions are in a three-way tie for ninth place in the conference with the Baltimore Ravens and Miami Dolphins, with a 6-7 record. It’s for the doctors and the spotters to protect the player from himself." Florio argued that the contact was worthy of Rice being evaluated for a concussion during the game.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/ncaa/miami-linked-to-elite-5-star-qb-amid-transfer-portal-rumors-11184230
Article: In 12 games, the 23-year-old threw for 3,072 yards, 25 touchdowns, and 10 interceptions while leading the Hurricanes to 10 wins and an appearance in the 12-team College Football Playoff. More News: Marcus Freeman-NFL Rumors Take Major Turn After Notre Dame’s CFP Snub Miami currently has four other QBs on its roster including sophomore Emory Williams and four-star freshman Luke Nickel, and the team signed three-star Dereon Coleman in its 10th-ranked 2026 recruiting class. 2 — a group that could include Arizona State’s Sam Leavitt, Cincinnati’s Brendan Sorsby, Michigan State’s Aidan Chiles, North Texas’ Drew Mestemaker, and Notre Dame’s Kenny Minchey — may be too good for Miami to pass up. But there may be one signal-caller that makes more sense for Miami than any other — Nebraska’s Dylan Raiola, who many analysts believe will hit the transfer portal in January. More News: Vikings WR Justin Jefferson Involved in Sideline Incident With Team Security Multiple reports have named Miami as a possible landing spot for Raiola should he hit the portal, though it may have some competition from other top schools including LSU, Missouri, Oregon, Penn State, USC. In two seasons with the Cornhuskers, Raiola has thrown for 4,819 yards, 31 touchdowns, and 17 interceptions, but head coach Matt Rhule has failed to build a competitive team around him.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/ncaa/troy-aikman-takes-subtle-shot-at-big-ten-quarterback-after-nil-controversy-11184143
Article: On Monday’s episode of the Sports Media Podcast with Richard Deitsch, Hall of Famer Troy Aikman explained why he’s "done with NIL." Aikman transferred from Oklahoma to UCLA for the 1987 and 1988 seasons, where he led the Bruins to back-to-back 10-win campaigns and set passing records before being selected No. He went on to spend 12 seasons with the Dallas Cowboys, winning three Super Bowls (XXVII, XXVIII, XXX) and throwing for 32,942 yards and 165 touchdowns, before becoming a longtime TV analyst with FOX and later ESPN’s Monday Night Football.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/ncaa/uconn-huskies-get-major-taris-reed-jr-injury-update-for-florida-game-11184229
Article: The Gators bested UConn in that game on their way to winning the NCAA National Championship game behind a talented roster led by Walter Clayton Jr., now in the NBA. Mullins recently returned to the lineup and has already been a bright spot for the team, helping the team defeat the Kansas Jayhawks and earning Freshman of the Week honors last week.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nba/carmelo-anthony-reveals-move-knicks-should-have-made-to-win-title-in-his-era-11184024
Article: Anthony was one of the great scorers of his era, able to light it up both from beyond the arc (he was a career 35.5 percent 3-point shooter) and elsewhere with ease. More news: Giannis Antetokounmpo Reportedly Pushed for Blockbuster Trade to East Contender This Summer As his Denver and New York clubs' best player, Anthony led those teams to 10 straight playoff appearances to kick off his career. To hear Anthony tell it on his must-listen podcast "7PM in Brooklyn with Carmelo Anthony," there was one move that the Knicks could have made that would have guaranteed the club a championship during his tenure with the franchise: drafting Stephen Curry out of Davison in 2009. During that turning point regular season with the Warriors, the 6-foot-2 point guard averaged 22.9 points on a .451/.453/.900 slash line, 6.9 assists, 4.0 rebounds, and 1.6 steals, while playing 78 healthy games. But had Anthony and Smith in their primes, plus a fitfully-still-effective Ama're Stoudemire, been paired with a rising Curry circa 2012-13, could that club have competing with a title-bound Miami Heat squad boasting Hall of Famers LeBron James, Dwyane Wade and Chris Bosh all still playing at an All-NBA level?

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/how-to-watch-sabres-vs-oilers-live-stream-nhl-tv-channel-11183172
Article: How to Watch Buffalo Sabres vs Edmonton Oilers When: Tuesday, December 9, 2025 Time: 9:00 PM ET TV Channel: ESPN+, MSG Sportsnet try for free ) Live Stream: Fubo ( Edmonton has gone off for 15 goals in consecutive wins on home ice after opening their five-game homestand with a 1-0 shutout loss on Dec. Evan Bouchard and Leon Draisaitl each notched a goal and an assist, and Curtis Lazar also potted a goal to make it a 5-0 game early in the second period. The Oilers, who lost in each of the last two Stanley Cup Finals, have gotten 17 goals from Draisaitl this season while McDavid has 14 goals and a team-high 42 points. They carry all of the channels you will need to never miss your favorite team's games, including nationally broadcast channels like ESPN, ABC, and NHL Network, as well as local team coverage on ESPN+.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/how-to-watch-florida-vs-uconn-live-stream-ncaa-college-basketball-tv-channel-11183158
Article: How to Watch Florida vs UConn When: Tuesday, December 9, 2025 Time: 9:00 PM ET TV Channel: ESPN try for free ) Live Stream: Fubo ( The Gators started the season on the shortlist of teams who could compete for a National Championship, sitting at No. In the game against the Blue Devils, Thomas Haugh led the team in scoring with 24, and also played all 40 minutes for the short-handed Gators, who played just seven players. The Huskies' last outing was an 83-59 romp of East Texas A&M, with Solomon Ball leading the team in scoring with 14 points, including going 2-for-5 from the 3-point line.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/miami-mayor-election-results-eileen-higgins-emilio-gonzalez-11182942
Article: Eileen Higgins Elected Mayor of Miami Higgins won the race Tuesday night, according to the Associated Press, after the two candidates beat 11 others on election day on November 4. DNC Chair Ken Martin in a released statement to Newsweek on Tuesday: "Mayor-elect Eileen Higgins’ win is a testament to what Democrats can accomplish when we organize and compete everywhere, including in Miami, where Democrats have now flipped a seat that was in Republicans’ hands for nearly 30 years. Tonight’s result is yet another warning sign to Republicans that voters are fed up with their out-of-touch agenda that is raising costs for working families across the country.” The Democratic Mayors Association also shared a statement with Newsweek Tuesday night, saying, “Eileen Higgins’ victory tonight proves that Miami residents are ready for a new Democratic Mayor who will lead boldly on issues of affordability, climate action, infrastructure, and more. Ahead of Tuesday’s vote, betting platform Polymarket had Higgins, who campaigned on providing affordable housing, with a 94 percent chance of winning the election while González, who worked as a director of the U.S. How the Race Could Impact the 2026 Midterms As with any election between general and midterm elections, both parties will be taking note of the result in Miami and adjusting plans accordingly. With the midterms looming, Republicans will be looking to continue the momentum seen in 2024 and maintain a hold on both chambers in Congress, while Democrats will be looking for any signs they could upset that majority. Miami will likely remain a hotly contested area, with the city having been won by former Vice President Kamala Harris by one point in 2024, while Miami-Dade County flipped red for Trump.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/ncaa/ty-simpson-alabama-get-clear-warning-from-crimson-tide-legends-before-cfp-11184127
Article: That’s a concern.” Read more: Joel Klatt Calls Out Marcus Freeman, Notre Dame for Skipping Bowl Game McCarron, a three-time national champion at Alabama, also said Ty Simpson needs to rebuild his confidence after a disappointing performance against Georgia. You have to be in sync to be accurate.” Richardson suggested that Simpson has faced constant pressure throughout his season and it's taken a toll on him, saying the Alabama QB has been "beat the hell up." “He’s had to be the team this year. That said, McCarron also mentioned that costly turnovers against Georgia that “gave up 17 points,” suggesting that “one turnover changes the whole game.” Georgia scored touchdowns in every quarter of the SEC Championship, en route to a 28-7 final. And the fact that they won the first matchup gives you a little more juice going into this game to get revenge.” Alabama lost 23-21 to Oklahoma in its previous game in mid-November.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/entertainment/video-games/netflix-nearly-bought-a-major-game-studio-before-82-7b-warner-bros-deal-11184053
Article: Before Netflix made one of the biggest media acquisitions in history with the $82.7 billion deal for Warner Bros., it almost acquired one of the largest video game companies in the world as well, according to a report from Bloomberg. According to Bloomberg’s report, Netflix is in discussions and looking at any large media asset that comes to market or could be put up for sale, like Fox Entertainment and possibly Disney. They also inquired about the possibility of video game giant Electronic Arts Inc., which was founded in 1982 and has grown into a digital empire over the past three decades. After Netflix failed to push its proposal further with EA, the company reached a $55 billion deal of its own to go private with an investing group backed by Saudi Arabia's Public Investment Fund (PIF).

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/entertainment/movies/jurassic-world-8-everything-we-know-11174846
Article: While the seventh installment in the "Jurassic Park" franchise was the 4th-highest-grossing film of 2025, earning $868 million at the box office, Universal has yet to officially greenlight its follow-up. “When I look back on sequels, trilogies that I love, what they all have in common is that the first movie was on its own, and then it became a high-class problem of how do we now make the others?” ... “Rebirth” follows a team of dinosaur enthusiasts, mercenaries, and opportunists who travel to a remote island where dinosaurs roam free to collect DNA samples and manufacture a cure for heart disease.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/how-to-watch-knicks-vs-raptors-live-stream-nba-cup-quarterfinals-tv-channel-11183133
Article: How to Watch New York Knicks vs Toronto Raptors When: Tuesday, December 9, 2025 Time: 8:30 PM ET TV Channel: MSG try for free ); Prime - National ( watch now ) Live Stream: Fubo - Local (); Prime - National ( The Knicks are fresh off a perfect three-game homestand, posting victories over the Charlotte Hornets, Utah Jazz, and, most recently, the Orlando Magic. In the 106-100 win over the Magic, the Knicks' defense put on a show, holding the Magic to a paltry 38.3% from the field and 28.6% from the 3-point line. After being one of the big surprises of the early season, the Raptors have fallen back to the pack a bit, losing five of their last six and three in a row.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nba/rival-nba-executives-make-major-giannis-antetokounmpo-trade-destination-prediction-11184038
Article: Many pundits and experts are doing their best to predict where Antetokounmpo could land, and these rival executives are pointing him toward his preferred destination which, according to many, is the New York Knicks. "Another common belief circulating among league executives: "Wherever Antetokounmpo begins the 2026-27 season, it must be with a team that he believes is capable of competing for a championship," NBA insider Jake Fischer writes. "That's why many of the same execs believe that Antetokounmpo — if a trade process actually commences for real — will have a strong say in dictating where he ends up. It was far more daunting for the Cavaliers to mortgage an absolute haul for Mitchell, compared to what the Raptors surrendered for Leonard, given his well-known interest in landing in New York. I wonder how much Antetokounmpo's widely presumed affinity for the Knicks would dissuade some general managers from ultimately putting their best offer down." More news: Giannis Antetokounmpo Pushed for Blockbuster Trade to East Contender This Summer: Report It doesn't appear to be a matter of if, but when Antetokounmpo will find a new team.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nfl/former-49ers-quarterback-dies-11184012
Article: More news: Former Cowboys Dual-Threat Star Dies Mira’s professional football journey began when he was drafted in the second round, 15th overall, of the 1964 NFL Draft by the San Francisco 49ers. From 1964-71 with the 49ers, Philadelphia Eagles, Baltimore Colts and Miami Dolphins, Mira carved out a career as a versatile and resilient backup quarterback during the early days of the NFL's Super Bowl era. More than his throwing arm, Mira was known for his scrambling ability and willingness to run when the pocket broke down, adding a layer of unpredictability whenever he entered the game. More news: Red Sox Pitcher Who Threw No-Hitter at Fenway Park Dies Mira did earn NFL offensive player of the week honors once in 1966, but mostly was known as a backup to two of the great quarterbacks of his era – John Brodie in San Francisco and Bob Griese during his lone season in Miami (1971). He played in the Canadian Football League (CFL) and in the WFL with the Montreal Alouettes, Birmingham Americans and Jacksonville Express, finishing his pro career as a player-coach with the Toronto Argonauts in 1977.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/ncaa/notre-dame-ad-doesnt-hold-back-on-marcus-freemans-future-amid-nfl-buzz-11183380
Article: More news: Matt Campbell Sends Message on Penn State’s Recruiting Struggles The 39-year-old took over after Brian Kelly left for LSU, and he has since led them to a 43-12 record and a berth in the National Title game. While the money and comfort can come from Notre Dame, the school can't offer the same level of notoriety and esteem that comes with being a successful NFL coach, a reality that Bevacqua is well prepared for. More news: Lane Kiffin Makes Key Decision on LSU Coaches Joining Ole Miss for CFP Run College football programs are focusing more on hiring the best possible coach and keeping them. Notre Dame just got snubbed from the College Football Playoffs on Sunday as the selection committee put the Miami Hurricanes above them in the final rankings and kept Alabama in the top ten, leaving the Fighting Irish without a spot to fight for a title.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/nation-world/jubilant-sykes-stabbed-to-death-son-arrested/507-b554c643-a536-4581-8234-e612a2c10097
Article: — Grammy-nominated opera singer Jubilant Sykes was stabbed to death at his Santa Monica home Monday night, and his 31-year-old son has been arrested on suspicion of murder, police said. Sykes, a Los Angeles native known for his baritone voice, performed at major venues worldwide including the Metropolitan Opera, Carnegie Hall, the Kennedy Center, the Apollo Theater and the Hollywood Bowl. He received a Grammy nomination for best classical album at the 2010 Grammy Awards for his performance as the Celebrant in Leonard Bernstein's "Mass," recorded with the Morgan State University Choir and Baltimore Symphony Orchestra. Grammy-nominated opera singer Jubilant Sykes was stabbed to death inside a Southern California home on Monday, and the 71-year-old's son has been arrested in connection with the killing, police said. https://t.co/B5u4dfmaxe pic.twitter.com/Na7NWmxLZw — ABC News (@ABC) December 9, 2025 In a 2002 NPR interview, Sykes described his approach to music: "My singing is like breathing — it's an extension of me. It's my passion." In local media reports, neighbors described Sykes as a beloved member of the Santa Monica community who grew up in the area and sang at Calvary Baptist Church.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/money/business/mayas-modern-mediterranean-to-close-casa-linda-location/287-2f778314-824b-468c-9ed5-765e15584b68
Article: “Supporting them through this transition is our top priority.” The Casa Linda location earned a loyal following over the years, receiving recognition as “Best Mediterranean in Dallas” for two consecutive years and gaining a reputation for its hummus. The restaurant said it hopes longtime customers will visit before the final day of service to celebrate the memories “made together.” Maya’s at Hillcrest Village will remain open and continue offering the same menu.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/nation-world/in-n-out-burger-drops-order-number-67-from-system/507-6c0cd6dc-367a-4705-ac7c-aba79b9288c1
Article: LOS ANGELES — In-N-Out Burger has quietly removed order number 67 from its ticketing system after the viral "6-7" meme reportedly caused mobs of teenagers to flood restaurants, according to multiple reports.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/education/arlington-isd-updated-district-campus-accountability-ratings-appeal/287-d5e7e962-d2f0-4229-b736-b11ce2d8a137
Article: ARLINGTON, Texas — After filing an appeal with the state, citing scoring issues on STAAR test results evaluated using artificial intelligence, the TEA has updated Arlington ISD's district and campus accountability ratings. The following six campuses that saw ratings increases were: Arlington High School: C → B Berry Elementary: F → D Duff Elementary: B → A Hill Elementary: C → B Ousley Junior High: B → A Peach Elementary: D → C The district says these updated results confirm gains already seen in its academic data. We remain committed to building on that progress throughout the year.” Smith previously told WFA the district discovered scoring issues on some STAAR test results that had been evaluated using artificial intelligence.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/local/texas/texas-dan-patrick-wants-to-increase-homestead-exemption-for-school-property-taxes-again/287-8c46307a-a56f-42c7-809b-c04562a5e5fb
Article: Dan Patrick on Tuesday unveiled a plan to drive down property taxes by further hiking the amount of a home’s value that can’t be taxed to pay for public schools and lowering the age at which Texans qualify for additional relief on their school tax bills. Under Patrick’s proposal, dubbed “Operation Double Nickel,” the state’s homestead exemption for school property taxes would increase by another $40,000, after Texas voters in November green-lit the latest increase by the same amount, from $100,000 to $140,000. Voters also recently signed off on a proposal to raise a separate homestead exemption for homeowners over the age of 65 and those with disabilities, allowing them to take another $60,000 off their home’s taxable value. “In the next few sessions, we’re going to be able to eliminate school property taxes with homestead exemptions.” At a Capitol news conference unveiling his proposal, Patrick also reupped his opposition to the feasibility of eliminating property taxes altogether, displaying placards that said such an idea — a popular rallying cry among conservatives in the state — would inevitably lead to massive increases in sales taxes. An Abbott spokesperson said in a statement that the governor looked forward to working with Patrick and lawmakers, and doubled down on his own proposals to end school property taxes for homeowners, enact tight restrictions on how much property values can grow and make it harder for local governments to raise property taxes. Abbott will fight for taxpayers and his comprehensive plan throughout 2026, and he looks forward to working with lawmakers to deliver lasting property tax cuts,” Andrew Mahaleris, Abbott’s press secretary, said in the statement. Patrick, a Republican who presides over the Texas Senate, refused to comment on the governor’s pitch, saying that the detailing of his own plan to reporters was the first time anyone was seeing it and that he looked forward to working with Abbott and House Speaker Dustin Burrows to reach an agreement on how to lower property taxes. This year, state lawmakers came to Austin with a slightly smaller budget surplus — and enacted another boost in the homestead exemption and expanded breaks for businesses on the taxes they pay on their inventory. By the end of the session, lawmakers had committed to spending $51 billion to maintain past property tax cuts and enact new ones over the next two years — a dollar figure that budget watchers and even some Republicans worry may be unsustainable.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/local/shipping-tips-for-season-north-texas-postal-hub-boosts-holiday-capacity/287-cfc3cf1d-f21a-4a81-a057-cd852070f935
Article: One of the most important steps inside the Coppell distribution center is figuring out what goes where, and a new machine called the package induction linear sorter plays a major role in that process. Last holiday season, the Coppell plant handled around 60 million packages, and with the investment in new technology, that number is expected to rise to roughly 88 million this year. “The population is growing, the leaders of the organization felt it was worth the investment in order to give the DFW Metro more firepower to handle this peak season," Dean said.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/special-reports/boomtown-dfw/princeton-city-manager-resigns-from-job-nation-fastest-growing-city/287-428bda11-b69a-4827-bbaa-779a7f1b047e
Article: PRINCETON, Texas — The city of Princeton is navigating another major change in leadership after City Manager Michael Mashburn abruptly resigned Monday night, just minutes before the city council meeting began according to the mayor. “But I don’t think that leaves us in a bad place.” In a statement posted on his Facebook, Escobar said leadership changes like this can be common for fast-growing cities. His resume includes major bond rating upgrades, more than $15 million in grant funding, long-range capital improvement planning, roadway expansions, major development recruitment and national awards for communication and citizen engagement.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/crime/north-texas-bank-robber-sentenced-more-than-16-years-federal-prison/287-97348c77-1349-46b4-b175-37a0c5736619
Article: GARLAND, Texas — A 51-year-old North Texas man was sentenced to more than 16 years in federal prison on Tuesday after pleading guilty to robbing a bank in Garland last year. “The sentence received by the defendant is a result of the efforts of the Dallas Violent Crimes Task Force to hold accountable a felon with a violent criminal history,” said FBI Dallas Special Agent in Charge R. “The FBI will continue to work alongside our local, state, and federal law enforcement partners to fight violent crime in our communities across North Texas.” Court records showed Johnson was previously sentenced to 130 months in federal prison for possession with intent to distribute cocaine, and another 10-year sentence for possessing a firearm as a convicted felony. Boyle cited these two sentences, along with a 1991 Michigan state conviction of assault that involved Johnson raping a woman and setting her on fire, when issuing Johnson his 200-month prison sentence.

Link: https://abc13.com/post/18-wheeler-believed-carrying-sulfuric-acid-fully-engulfed-flames-south-loop-gulf-freeway-hfd-says/18269683/
Article: 18-wheeler believed to be carrying sulfuric acid on fire on South Loop and Gulf Freeway, HFD says HOUSTON, Texas (KTRK) -- The Houston Fire Department is responding to an 18-wheeler on fire on the South Loop and Gulf Freeway on Tuesday night.

Link: https://abc7.com/videoClip/food-allergies-bakery-bubs/18269661/
Article: Bub's Bakery reimagines baked goods with allergy-free recipes We're taking you to a bakery that's catering to everyone, and that's because they don't serve anything with the top nine allergens.

Link: https://abc7.com/post/meet-ella-mccay-played-closely-named-emma-mackey-latest-big-screen-muse-oscar-winning-filmmaker-james-brooks/18269590/
Article: Brooks "Terms of Endearment," "Broadcast News," "The Mary Tyler Moore Show," and "The Simpsons" are just a few of the projects that have all been part of the incredible career of James L. Yes." The writer and director is excited about this latest movie, "Ella McCay." The film tells the story of a smart, ambitious young woman dealing with a big job, a dysfunctional family, a needy husband and all the things life throws your way at the most inopportune times. "It's a momentous thing and it was a really, you know, striking piece from the get-go for me, and I was so excited to read something so rare," said Mackey.

Link: https://abc7.com/post/new-trailer-wonderfully-weird-world-gumball-season-2-chaos-laughs-animation-mashups/18269470/
Article: Gumball goes off the rails in season 2's wacky new trailer LOS ANGELES -- The Wattersons are back, and they're here to prove that reality is more of a guideline than a rule. The official synopsis states: "This season will tackle a promposal involving Penny faking her own death, outright pandemonium with wild animals invading the suburbs, and a witchy student cult attempting a yearbook séance." Fans will also see the long-awaited return of the franchise's biggest foes: Rob and The Void. The returning voice cast features Alkaio Thiele as Gumball, Hero Hunter as Darwin, Kinza Syed Khan as Anais, Teresa Gallagher as Nicole, and Dan Russell as Richard, alongside a host of familiar faces.

Link: https://abc13.com/post/houston-first-says-benefited-beryl-anticipates-15-million-profit-2026-world-cup-baseball-classic/18268758/
Article: Houston First says it benefited from Beryl, gives update on convention center renovation HOUSTON, Texas (KTRK) -- Nobody wants a natural disaster to come to Houston, but ABC13 learned Tuesday morning that at least one city agency benefited from Hurricane Beryl in 2024. Houston First, which takes in and manages taxpayer dollars generated by tourism, said it made more money than expected in 2024 because local residents and outside crews were forced to stay in hotels after Beryl.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cwyx8yj410po?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Iain Douglas-Hamilton, pioneering elephant conservationist, dies aged 83 17 minutes ago Share Save Yang Tian Share Save Indianapolis Zoo The Prince of Wales has paid tribute to pioneering elephant conservationist Iain Douglas-Hamilton, who died aged 83 at his home in Nairobi on Monday. "The memories of spending time in Africa with him will remain with me forever," added Prince William, who is a royal patron for the African wildlife conservation charity, Tusk, of which Douglas-Hamilton was an ambassador. Oria Douglas-Hamilton Born in 1942 to an aristocratic British family in Dorset, England, Douglas-Hamilton studied biology and zoology in Scotland and Oxford before moving to Tanzania to research elephant social behaviour. It was there at Lake Manyara National Park that he began documenting every elephant he encountered, eventually becoming so familiar with the herds he could recognise them by the unique shapes of their ears and wrinkles on their skin. Friend and fellow conservationist Jane Goodall, who died in October, was featured in the documentary, and said he had shown the world that elephants are capable of feeling just like humans. "I think his legacy will be one of a man who did so much to help people understand how majestic, how wonderful elephants are, and to learn more about their way of life," Goodall said.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cgkexm0gpvpo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Thousands of flood defences below standard as Storm Bram hits Just now Share Save Paul Lynch BBC Shared Data Unit Share Save Getty Images Parts of Wallingford in Oxfordshire were submerged in the aftermath of Storm Henk last year Thousands of flood defences meant to protect multiple homes or businesses in England were below the required condition when winter began, a new analysis has found. A fifth of all the defences along the Thames corridor, passing Oxfordshire, parts of Surrey and Greater London, were also failing to meet the required condition due to a mix of record rainfall and tidal storm surges. "Any flood defence that is not operating as close to 100% efficiency as possible is of a concern," said Dave Throup, a former Environment Agency area manager for the Midlands. It's very difficult to pull that apart." Data shows the scale of the challenge facing the government's repair efforts, despite ministers pledging £2.65bn over two years to build and restore more than 1,000 flood defences across England. The £45m Salisbury River Park flood defence scheme, pictured under construction in 2024, aims to better protect more than 350 homes in the city During its routine inspections, the Environment Agency gives flood defences a condition score out of five. This will build new defences and repair assets across the country, protecting our communities for decades to come." The Environment Agency's longer-term target is for just 2% of its high consequence defences to be below target condition. 'We had no choice but to do something' Earlier this year Katie Anderson led efforts to dig trenches at an estate in Leicestershire to avoid homes being flooded In January, the complex responsibillities around flood protections nearly led to disaster at one Leicestershire neighbourhood. Residents in the Grange Park estate in Loughborough say they were forced to dig their own flood defences when a privately owned pond that was meant to protect their homes overflowed. William H Davis Homes, which owned the pond at the time, said a blockage on a neighbouring parcel of land had been the cause - but concerned residents say they did not have the time to navigate a web of responsibility as the water crept onwards.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cx2e0n3p9vvo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Man who grabbed Ariana Grande kicked out of Lady Gaga concert 50 minutes ago Share Save Joel Guinto Share Save EPA Lady Gaga is in Australia for her Mayhem World Tour An Australian man who was jailed in Singapore and deported for charging at pop star Ariana Grande has been ejected from a Lady Gaga concert in his home country. The 26-year-old, who has a history of disrupting concerts and celebrity events, was sentenced to nine days in jail by a Singapore court last month for grabbing Grande during the Asian premiere of Wicked: For Good. Wen, who told the Singaporean judge in mitigation that he would "not do it again", had not disrupted the performance in Brisbane, but was removed because of his history of public nuisance.

Link: https://feeds.texastribune.org/link/16799/17228700/arlington-texas-lgbtq-discrimination-protections
Article: After more than an hour of impassioned public testimonies, the Arlington City Council voted to uphold a suspension on discrimination protections for people in the city who identify as LGBTQ+ over fears that keeping them might make the North Texas city a target of the Republican-controlled White House. The razor-thin 5-4 vote bars language in the city’s ordinance passed in 2021 that prevents employers and lodging businesses from discriminating against people for their sexual orientation or gender identity. The council suspended the ordinance in September amid worry that more than $60 million in federal dollars the city planned to use on city services, including public safety, parks, and roads, could be lost if they kept it. “I assure you all that in spite of the vote tonight, the City of Arlington remains committed to fostering an inclusive and equitable community for all residents, and ensuring that no one individual faces discrimination,” said Arlington Mayor Jim Ross after the vote. “I pledge to each and every one of y’all that we will continue to collaborate with community leaders, council members and city staff to reach a solution that is palatable to all.” The city of nearly 400,000 is the first known municipality to act under the threat of President Donald Trump’s scrutiny. It’s just plain misleading.” Ash Hall, policy and advocacy strategist for LGBTQIA+ rights at the American Civil Liberty Union’s Texas chapter, said during public commentary that the ordinance offers the city the authority to investigate and mediate discrimination claims. Nondiscrimination ordinances both serve to give residents an indication of a city’s values and to make it clear what kind of behavior is expected in areas like housing and public accommodations.” The vote came after residents, community and business leaders — 34 in support of reinstating the ordinance and 11 opposed to the removal — shared how scrapping the ordinance could make families think twice about living in Arlington — and how keeping it could endanger the city’s coffers. “You are telling people who is worthy of protection, and when you tell someone they are unworthy, they just might believe you.” Cathy Rocha, another resident who testified before the City Council, said that keeping the ordinance would risk losing money.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/10/s-korea-japan-scramble-warplanes-in-response-to-russia-china-air-patrol?traffic_source=rss
Article: Seven Russian and two Chinese aircraft entered South Korea’s Air Defence Identification Zone (KADIZ) at approximately 10am local time (01:00 GMT) on Tuesday, according to the office of the Joint Chiefs of Staff in Seoul. The planes, which included fighter jets and bombers, were spotted before they entered the KADIZ – which is not territorial airspace but where planes are expected to identify themselves – and South Korea deployed “fighter jets to take tactical measures in preparation for any contingencies”, according to reports. The Russian and Chinese planes flew in and out of the South Korean air defence zone for an hour before leaving, the military said, according to South Korea’s official Yonhap news agency. Japan separately deployed military aircraft to “strictly implement” air defence measures “against potential airspace violations”, following the reported joint patrol of Russia and China, Japanese Minister of Defence Shinjiro Koizumi said. In a statement posted on social media late on Tuesday, Koizumi said two Russian “nuclear-capable Tu-95 bombers” flew from the Sea of Japan to the Tsushima Strait, and met with two Chinese jets “capable of carrying long-range missiles”. At least eight other Chinese J-16 fighter jets and a Russian A-50 aircraft also accompanied the bombers as they conducted a joint flight “around” Japan, travelling between Okinawa’s main island and Miyako Island, Koizumi said. Koizumi’s statement comes just days after he accused Chinese fighter jets on Sunday of directing their fire-control radar at Japanese aircraft in two separate incidents over international waters near Okinawa. On Monday, Japan’s Ministry of Defence said that it had monitored the movements of the Chinese aircraft carrier Liaoning and accompanying support vessels near Okinawa since Friday, adding that dozens of takeoffs and landings from Chinese aircraft on the carrier were monitored. Japan said it was the “first time” that fighter jet operations on a Chinese aircraft carrier had been confirmed in waters between Okinawa’s main island and Minami-Daitojima island to the southeast.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/politics/donald-trump/trump-economy-campaign-speech-pennsylvania-rcna248291
Article: — President Donald Trump traveled to this hardscrabble and politically competitive part of the country Tuesday to tout his economic record — insisting that he's already the architect of "lower prices" and "bigger paychecks," as a massive sign behind him proclaimed — while voters here and across the country say their bank accounts are still squeezed. "The only thing that is truly going up big, it’s called the stock market and your 401(k)s," Trump told a crowd of more than 1,000 supporters packed into a cozy ballroom at the Mount Airy Casino Resort, nestled in the Pocono Mountains. — prompting a chant of "send her back" to Somalia — denigrated windmills, mocked transgender people and called his predecessor, Joe Biden, a "son of a b----." But even when he focused on the theme of his speech, Trump continued to publicly wrestle with the question of whether affordability is really an issue for Americans — and whether he has done enough already to right the economy. At another, he proclaimed, "I have no higher priority than making America affordable again." Trump brought allies — including Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent and Energy Secretary Chris Wright — to back him up. "President Trump has put a decisive end to the three 'I's'" — immigration, interest rates and inflation — "under Joe Biden." But that message is at odds with what most Americans tell pollsters — and what most voters who spoke to NBC News here in northeastern Pennsylvania said — which is that they believe the cost of living is too high and they are worried about the state of the economy. And Trump's decision to hold a rally here, which White House officials say will be the first in a series, reflects sensitivity to both Americans' perceptions of his performance and Republicans' chances of keeping their House majority if it doesn't land. “I haven’t quite broken it to him yet," White House chief of staff Susie Wiles said in an interview with the conservative show "The Mom View" this week, "but he’s going to campaign like it’s 2024 again." Trump toured the country extensively before the 2018 midterm elections — two years into his first term — but couldn't stop voters from ousting a Republican House majority that year and putting Democrats in position to investigate his administration. "After just 10 months in office, I’m pleased to report that America is winning again, Pennsylvania is prospering again, and I will not rest until this commonwealth is wealthier and stronger than ever before," he said to cheers. Outside the rally — among those who aren't such die-hard loyalists that they would brave sub-freezing temperatures to see him speak in a casino ballroom — the perspective on the Trump economy is more mixed. Mathers, who says she is a Republican but voted for Democrats all three times Trump appeared on the ballot, assessed that grocery prices "aren't crazy" but noted that they haven't come down, either. But they agreed in an interview that the economy isn't as strong as Trump rates it, and Tompkins said he wouldn't vote for Trump again if he were on the ballot now — citing affordability as the reason. economy, as long as everybody gives them the time to work." Trump graded his own economy as an “A-plus-plus-plus-plus-plus" in an interview Monday with Politico, even as he has continued to blame hardships on Biden. Bresnahan, who spoke to the crowd Tuesday before Trump arrived, acknowledged that he hears from constituents “about the challenges that they’re facing.” "The message is the same everywhere we go: lower the costs, support high-paying jobs, keep our communities safe and listen to the people doing the work," he said. "Now," he said, "it's time to build on this." Cognetti, his likely opponent, said in a telephone interview that it was clear at a public utility hearing Monday night in Scranton that voters here aren't satisfied. "Anyone who was listening to the stories of residents who are trying to make ends meet right now would know that we are in a very difficult economic environment for the majority of people in northeastern Pennsylvania — rising utility costs, rising housing costs, rising food costs and, imminently, rising health care costs," she said, the latter part in reference to Affordable Care Act subsidies that are due to expire if Congress doesn't act this year. "The economy is not good, and in our new congressman, Rob Bresnahan, we have someone who has been voting to make life harder for the residents of northeastern Pennsylvania," she said. "At every turn, he has voted to cut programs and funding that we need." NBC News requested an interview with Bresnahan, but his office didn't make him available to talk.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/democrats-just-flipped-another-republican-held-office-in-georgia-11184383
Article: Why It Matters Georgia has become a bellwether state for national politics, with recent elections possibly signaling wider trends in party momentum ahead of major cycles such as the 2026 midterms. The recent Democratic gains—culminating in the flip of both this local Republican-held office and the mayoral seat in Miami on Tuesday night—underscore a potential shift in Georgia and Florida's electoral landscape and may indicate voter priorities around affordability, energy policy and party identity ahead of forthcoming federal and gubernatorial races. What To Know According to Decision Desk Headquarters (DDHQ), CNN and Atlanta-Journal Constitution Chief Political Reporter Greg Bluestein, Gisler flipped the previous GOP Georgia House seat covering parts of Oconee County and Athens. These results follow additional Democratic momentum, such as the recent victory of former state Representative Mary Robichaux in the Roswell mayoral runoff, ousting an incumbent backed by Republican Governor Brian Kemp. What People Are Saying DNC Chair Ken Martin, in a released statement to Newsweek Tuesday night: “Georgians deserve strong, commonsense leaders like Representative-Elect Gisler who will lower their costs and fight for them, not representatives who bend the knee to Donald Trump and rubber-stamp his inflationary agenda. Fresh off the resounding victories in the Georgia Public Service Commissioner races and now this historic flip, the DNC will continue to invest, organize, and compete in every corner of Georgia as we rebuild long-standing Democratic power in the Sun Belt.” Georgia Insurance and Safety Fire Commissioner John King, a Republican, on X Tuesday: "Georgia Republicans, we need to sound the alarm from now until November, starting with helping Bill Fincher win the runoff for HD 23. Of course we need to talk about why liberal policies are bad, but we also must put forward a clear agenda to lower prices and help working families keep more of what they earn." What Happens Next With Democrats increasing their presence in local Georgia politics, all eyes are now on the 2026 midterm elections, which will include a pivotal U.S.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nfl/nfl-insider-says-this-head-coach-could-be-the-next-to-be-fired-11184421
Article: Cleveland’s Kevin Stefanski, Miami’s Mike McDaniel, and Vegas’ Pete Carroll are the three most-talked about coaches who are believed to be on thin ice, but Sports Illustrated’s Albert Breer recently named another head coach who could be close to losing his job. During a video posted to social media in which he answered fan questions, Breer named Arizona Cardinals head coach Jonathan Gannon as a name to watch when the next round of coaches start getting fired. “They’ve got a decision to make at quarterback, they’ve got a team I think with some really good young talent on it, but is there enough based on the amount of draft capital they’ve had the last couple of years? I think there are a lot of questions to ask about the future of that team.” More News: Miami Linked to Elite 5-Star QB Amid Transfer Portal Rumors The Cardinals appear to be in store for an offseason of sweeping change.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nba/warriors-linked-108-million-center-potential-trade-suitors-11183410
Article: If the Bucks open up the lines for teams beyond the New York Knicks to make an offer, you can bet the Golden State Warriors’ front office will probably be near the front of the line, looking to get Steve Kerr another star to work with. “Don't forget that the Warriors have shown some real interest in Turner in the past, according to league sources, dating to well-chronicled trade discussions between Golden State and Indiana that included various concepts involving Kuminga, Andrew Wiggins and Buddy Hield,” Fischer wrote.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nfl/buccaneers-jason-pierre-paul-signing-panthers-playoffs-11177085
Article: The Tampa Bay Buccaneers lost a game they could not afford to drop to the New Orleans Saints in Week 14, which led to a significant roster move on Monday. Tampa dropped into a tie with the Carolina Panthers at the top of the NFC South division and would fail to earn a playoff spot as a wildcard were the postseason to begin today. The Bucs have lost four of their last five outings and need to stop the bleeding if they hope to hold off Carolina and win the division for the fifth consecutive season. "Reunion: Veteran edge Jason Pierre-Paul is signing with the #Bucs practice squad after working out today, his agents @iangrutman and @david_benzaken of @gseworldwide told The Insiders," Ian Rapoport of NFL.com reported via X. 4 seed in the NFC playoff picture and have a 71% chance to make the field, while the Panthers' odds of playing in the postseason are 30 percent with four games to play.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/trump-says-he-will-try-again-to-halt-thailand-cambodia-war-11184342
Article: What To Know Trump, at a rally in Pennsylvania, listed the wars he said he has halted, when he mentioned the fighting between the Southeast Asian neighbors, which broke out again on the weekend. “Who else could say, ‘I’m going to make a phone call and stop a war of two very powerful countries, Thailand and Cambodia.’ They’re going at it again, but I’ll do it,” he added. He said Thailand will take whatever military action it deems necessary to protect its sovereignty, while his military said the patience of the Thai people had run out and its forces aimed to neutralize the threat from Cambodian troops. The long-standing dispute between the countries over their border, largely mapped by France when it ruled Cambodia, was reignited in May after an exchange of gunfire that killed a Cambodian soldier. This escalated into clashes in July before talks in Malaysia led to a ceasefire, for which Trump claimed credit, after he had threatened to impose heavier sanctions on both nations. The Cambodian defense ministry said the Thai assertion that the Cambodian side had started the fighting was false and it initially said its forces were not responding to the Thai attacks. "We want the Cambodian side to show that they’re ready to stop what they’re doing, and then, of course, we can consider the prospect for diplomacy and negotiations." Cambodia's defense ministry, in a statement: "Rather than resorting to acts of aggression or the use of force, Cambodia firmly adheres to resolving disputes through peaceful means in accordance with international law, the existing treaties, conventions and agreements, so as to seek solution that is just, fair, long-lasting, and in compliance with the international law." What Happens Next The clashes show no sign of easing and it remains to be seen if Trump will intervene and what impact that might have.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/mlb/blue-jays-reportedly-considering-stealing-43m-closer-from-division-rival-11184309
Article: His injury history could be a concern for teams, but he's expected to land a two- or three-year deal." Fairbanks recorded 27 saves for the Rays this year and has managed to post at least 20 saves in each of his last three seasons in Tampa Bay. Fairbanks has also spent most of his career pitching in the American League East and has experience at Rogers Centre as well, so the Blue Jays would not have to worry about his ability to pitch in the game's most iconic venues like Yankee Stadium and Fenway Park.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/mlb/mets-comfortable-with-devin-williams-as-closer-after-edwin-diaz-report-11184266
Article: The New York Mets are set to experience life without Edwin Diaz as their closer for the first time since 2018 after Tuesday's report of him agreeing to a deal with the Los Angeles Dodgers. We certainly have work to do, but there are a lot of good players out there, and I'm confident that we're really going to like where our team is once we get to Opening Day." Stearns is familiar with Williams from their time together with the Milwaukee Brewers and while that certainly bodes well for Williams that he is supported by the front office, he will face a lot of pressure next season as he tries to bounce back from the worst season of his career with the New York Yankees. There are still some quality relievers on the market for the Mets to bring in around him such as Robert Suarez, Pete Fairbanks and Luke Weaver, but the Mets will have to act quickly to sign a high leverage reliever.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/wrestling/john-cena-names-greatest-wrestler-of-all-time-without-hesitation-11184189
Article: John Cena’s illustrious WWE career will end on Saturday night in Washington, D.C., in a match with European titan Gunther in what will be a celebration of the star’s twenty-plus-year career with the company. In preparation for his final match, Cena has done the rounds with interviews over the course of the last week, most recently talking with a pro wrestling enthusiast and entertainment interviewer, Chris Van Vliet. While Cena has brushed off the topic before, sometimes throwing out multiple names that he feels are up there, he showed zero hesitation on who he truly thinks is the best to ever step foot inside the squared circle: “The Phenomenal One,” AJ Styles. More news: John Cena Reveals When WWE Retirement Talk Started Styles, formerly the centerpiece of rival company (now working partner) TNA Wrestling, came to WWE in 2016 and has not looked back since. After arriving, Cena and Styles began a feud that would be one of the defining parts of both their careers, as the charismatic WWE star and ring purist outsider elevated their games to new heights. Cena and Styles would have one more match during Cena’s year-long retirement run, with the two tearing the house down at a WWE PLE event Crown Jewel in Perth, Australia.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/mlb/phillies-reportedly-prioritizing-j-t-realmuto-after-kyle-schwarber-report-11184211
Article: The biggest hurdle of the offseason for the Philadelphia Phillies has seemingly been cleared Tuesday as Kyle Schwarber appears set to return to the organization, after reportedly agreeing to terms on a new deal. One of those big areas that needs to be filled is the catcher position, and MLB insider Mark Feinsand believes they will try to bring back another one of their own in J.T. Now that they have the Schwarber deal done, I would expect Realmuto to be next on their to-do list." Victor Caratini is the best name on the catcher market in free agency not named Realmuto, so there is certainly not much out there for the Phillies if Realmuto signed elsewhere, hence why the organization is now focusing on him bringing him back.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nba/lebron-james-knicks-chances-honest-take-rich-paul-11182595
Article: The Knicks might’ve been top suitors for LeBron James years ago, but they are currently setting their sights on Giannis Antetokounmpo, who could be on the move for the first time in his career. As for LeBron, he seems likely to continue building with Luka Doncic on the Lakers, as the organization searches for its second championship since adding the superstar forward in 2018.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/why-dylan-cease-left-padres-to-join-blue-jays-11184082
Article: On Tuesday, Cease spoke to the media for the first time as a member of the Blue Jays and revealed why he chose Toronto, as seen in a clip shared to X by Sportsnet. It seemed from the get-go that it was going to be pretty inevitable." Cease spent the last two seasons with the San Diego Padres, but now will come over to the Blue Jays to help anchor the top of the rotation.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/trump-gives-update-on-amazing-progress-of-shot-national-guardsman-11184283
Article: What People Are Saying Trump, referring to Beckstrom, at the rally: “She was killed almost immediately … They were able to keep her alive long enough for her parents to come in from West Virginia and say goodbye to her.” What Happens Next Trump said on November 28 that his administration is examining whether to deport Lakanwal's family as investigations of the deadly shooting continues.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/crime/dallas-police-expand-controversial-facial-recognition-tech-to-less-serious-crimes/287-8db9fbc5-ff5a-46f1-b6cb-2d1f5b66208c
Article: DALLAS — Dallas Police will start allowing the use of a controversial facial recognition technology for many misdemeanor offenses — a significant expansion of the policy that currently only allows detectives to use the technology in the most serious felony cases. "The facial recognition got [detectives] where they needed to go." Detectives submit a photo of an unknown suspect — like an image from a surveillance camera — to the Clearview AI platform, which then compares the face to billions of photos it scraped from the internet, Griffin explained. Now the department plans to expand its use of the technology to Class B misdemeanors and above, which means it could use facial recognition for crimes like theft and trespassing. "The number of cases of innocent people getting swept up in investigations, arrested, prosecuted is just going to go up." He said the technology gets it close, but doesn't always get it right -- sometimes providing a lookalike who could be at risk of wrongful arrest.

Link: https://abc13.com/post/metrolift-booking-system-switching-new-platform-called-ondemand-causes-headache-riders/18269431/
Article: Viewers who use METROLift have reached out to ABC13, expressing concerns about the booking system, saying it's slow and takes over 40 minutes to get answers when they call customer service. They say the new OnDemand app is supposed to make scheduling easier for riders and aim to have all of their information and profiles transferred to the new system by Friday. In the meantime, they say users should keep these things in mind: EZ-Wallet Accounts: These accounts will be automatically transitioned to the new OnDemand platform over the next week and a half.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/ethiopia-embraces-big-projects-risks-war-seeking-access-128266494
Article: Ethiopia embraces big projects but risks another war by seeking access to the sea FILE - Ethiopia's Prime Minister Abiy Ahmed Ali delivers a speech during the inauguration of the Grand Ethiopian Renaissance Dam, in Benishangul-Gumuz, Ethiopia, Sept. “And the situation could deteriorate further in the coming months.” Egypt relies on the Nile for nearly all its drinking water and fiercely opposed the Grand Ethiopian Renaissance Dam, asserting that it would threaten the supply. In September, it said it reserved “the right to take all necessary measures … to defend the existential interests of its people.” Ethiopia says the dam is critical for its development as it seeks to lift millions of people out of poverty. It has bolstered security ties with Eritrea and signed a security pact with Somalia, which last year reacted furiously when Ethiopia signed a port deal with the breakaway region of Somaliland, over which Somalia claims sovereignty. The war in Ethiopia's Tigray region ended with a peace deal in late 2022, but the country's two largest regions — Amhara and Oromia — are wracked by ethnic-based insurgencies that threaten internal security. The insecurity contrasts starkly with the mood in Addis Ababa, where Abiy has spent billions of dollars on a face lift that has included creating bike lanes, a conference center, parks and museums. The prime minister wants to turn the capital, already home to the African Union continental body and one of Africa's busiest airports, into a hub for international tourists and investors. “So we expect this kind of instability to continue in these areas.” ___ For more on Africa and development: https://apnews.com/hub/africa-pulse ___ The Associated Press receives financial support for global health and development coverage in Africa from the Gates Foundation.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Business/wireStory/canadas-top-envoy-us-resign-review-free-trade-128261872
Article: for the last six years says she’s resigning next year as the two major trading partners review the free trade agreement Canada's top envoy to the US will resign before review of free trade agreement FILE - Ambassador of Canada to the U.S. Ambassador Kirsten Hillman said in a letter it is the right time to put in place someone who will oversee talks about the United States-Mexico-Canada Agreement that is up review in 2026. Asked this week when trade talks would resume, Trump said, “we'll see.” Canada is one of the most trade-dependent countries in the world, and more than 75% of Canada’s exports go to the U.S.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/10/like-wastelands-sri-lanka-tea-plantations-suffer-cyclone-ditwahs-wrath?traffic_source=rss
Article: Cyclone Ditwah left a huge trail of destruction across the island, killing at least 635 people and affecting more than two million people, or a 10th of the country’s population. Central Sri Lanka – the country’s tea and vegetable heartland – was the worst hit, with official data on Monday showing at least 471 deaths in the region, apart from the massive destruction across the hilly plantations. Ranked the world’s fourth-largest tea exporter by value, according to the Observatory of Economic Complexity (OEC), Sri Lanka is globally known for its unique tea blends and value-added products such as tea bags and packaged tea, often commanding higher prices. Advertisement Despite economic challenges and political upheavals, the country’s tea industry has retained an annual revenue of $1.3bn in recent years, with a projected revenue of $1.5bn by the end of the year. Senthilnathan Palansamy, 34, who works at a tea plantation in Badulla in Uva province, says the cyclone buried entire hamlets under the soil, forcing him to consider a shift in his livelihood. We will have to snap out of plantation lives and work somewhere else,” he told Al Jazeera from a government shelter where he has taken refuge along with his 30-year-old wife Mariappan Sharmila, also a tea plucker, and their two children. Prabath Chandrakeerthi, Sri Lanka’s commissioner general of essential services, last week estimated the total economic losses caused by the cyclone to be approximately $6bn, which is almost 3.5 percent of the country’s gross domestic product (GDP). In the tea industry, preliminary estimates predict an output decline of up to 35 percent, according to a member of a presidential committee on cyclone recovery, who requested anonymity because he was not authorised to speak to the media. Economic vulnerabilities In 2023, as Sri Lanka reeled under its worst economic crisis since gaining independence from the British in 1948, its government entered into a $2.9bn bailout loan agreement with the International Monetary Fund. On Friday, the global lender said it was considering a request by the Sri Lankan government for a $200m fund on top of the $347m tranche due later this month for post-cyclone relief works. Dhananath Fernando, chief executive at Advocata Institute, an independent think tank in Sri Lanka, believes the economic devastation caused by Ditwah is at par with what happened during the catastrophic 2004 tsunami, which killed more than 35,000 people. “Even if we did not face a disaster of this magnitude, extreme weather should be factored in as part of industry preparedness, and projections should include multiple scenarios and mitigation methods,” he told Al Jazeera.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/10/fifas-gianni-infantino-faces-ethics-complaint-over-trump-peace-prize?traffic_source=rss
Article: FIFA President Gianni Infantino’s effusive praise for Donald Trump and the decision by the world football governing body to award a peace prize to the US president have triggered a formal complaint over ethics violations and political neutrality. Human rights group FairSquare said on Tuesday that it has filed a complaint with FIFA’s ethics committee, claiming the organisation’s behaviour was against the common interests of the global football community. The complaint stems from Infantino awarding Trump FIFA’s inaugural peace prize during the December 6 draw for the 2026 World Cup to be played in the United States, Canada and Mexico in June and July. “More broadly, this is about how FIFA’s absurd governance structure has allowed Gianni Infantino to openly flout the organisation’s rules and act in ways that are both dangerous and directly contrary to the interests of the world’s most popular sport,” said McGeehan, head of the London-based advocacy group. According to the eight-page complaint from the rights group filed with FIFA on Monday, Infantino’s awarding of the peace prize “to a sitting political leader is in and of itself a clear breach of FIFA’s duty of neutrality”. The New York-based Human Rights Watch also criticised FIFA’s awarding of the prize to Trump, saying his administration’s “appalling human rights record certainly does not display exceptional actions for peace and unity”. Current FIFA-appointed ethics investigators and judges are seen by some observers to operate with less independence than their predecessors a decade ago, when FIFA’s then-president, Sepp Blatter, was removed from office.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/trump-says-north-korea-has-strongest-border-in-the-world-7-walls-of-wire-11184343
Article: During a speech to supporters in Pennsylvania on Tuesday evening, President Donald Trump praised North Korea’s frontier as “one of the strongest borders anywhere in the world,” describing a barrier of “seven walls of wire” electrified with “a million volts,” while claiming the United States has now achieved its “tightest border we’ve ever had.” He linked the remarks to his longstanding attacks on former President Joe Biden’s immigration record and his own vow to “close the fricking border right now.” ... His decision to praise the North’s heavily fortified frontier, therefore, comes against the backdrop of rising tensions along the Demilitarized Zone (DMZ), where satellite imagery and military reporting reviewed by Newsweek show new barriers, mines and other defenses going up on both sides of the Korean border. What To Know Speaking to supporters at an event in Mount Pocono, Pennsylvania, Trump claimed that tens of millions of people entered the United States “totally unchecked and unvetted” under Biden, telling the crowd that “25 million people came into our country ... mostly across our southern border” and that his administration had “inherited the worst border in the history of the world.” He contrasted that with his current record, saying the U.S. now has “the strongest border in the history of our country” and “the tightest border we’ve ever had,” adding that “for seven months in a row, we’ve had zero illegal immigrants admitted to the United States.” On North Korea, Trump said: "We have one of the strongest borders anywhere in the world. In June, Newsweek reported that Trump told Fox News, “last month, we had no people coming,” while also asserting that Biden had let in 21 million people and that 11,888 of them “have murdered people.” U.S. in May 2025, agents still encountered 8,725 people crossing the southwest border between ports of entry, a 93 percent drop from the previous year but not “no people coming.” More broadly, Newsweek’s recent fact-check on the widely quoted claim that 20 million people entered the U.S. Citing new estimates from the nonpartisan Pew Research Center, the report noted that the undocumented population reached about 14 million in 2023, rising from around 11 million and beginning to fall during Trump’s first term as stricter policies were implemented. What People Are Saying In a recent Newsweek examination of what one analyst called Trump’s “somewhat schizophrenic” immigration agenda, White House spokeswoman Abigail Jackson said: “The tremendous success on U.S. immigration policy – from closing the border to deporting criminal illegal aliens – is all thanks to President Trump’s vision,” adding that the team is “undoing the pro-illegal immigration policies from the Biden Admin” and has “secured the border.” Former U.S. I am concerned that just because there has not been major aggression by the North recently, and because Kim appears to have abandoned Korean unification as a goal, too many Americans have become complacent on this risk." ...

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nfl/indianapolis-colts-shocking-quarterback-change-2026-season-11184519
Article: The Indianapolis Colts saw their season take a drastic turn in Week 14 against the Jacksonville Jaguars when quarterback Daniel Jones went down for the rest of the year due to a torn Achilles.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nba/james-harden-kawhi-leonard-trade-chances-shocking-update-11184527
Article: Both should be viewed as prime trade candidates for teams who are looking to make a win-now move, but the Clippers aren’t currently believed to be interested in having those conversations. NBA Insider Paints a Shocking Picture for the Clippers “Steve Ballmer, he has just got this inexplicable, in my opinion, borderline insane addiction to this group, if that makes sense,” NBA Insider Sam Amick said on FanDuel TV’s ‘Run It Back.’ “… They keep rocking with this group, knowing that they’ve got all of their contracts coming up in a couple of years and they’ve been looking at the summer of 2027 for quite some time, and it feels like that’s still the road they’re going down, is sticking with what they have, as bad as this is, and it’s been awful.” The Clippers entered the 2025-2026 NBA season with the idea of being contenders.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nba/lakers-herb-jones-keon-ellis-trades-pelicans-kings-11184465
Article: The Los Angeles Lakers aren't yet a championship team, at least not according to LeBron James' good friend and agent Rich Paul, who said as much on the first-ever "Game Over" podcast that he co-hosts with former ESPN analyst Max Kellerman. 9, naturally begs the question of what the Lakers must do to become a true title contender in a brutal Western Conference that features the seemingly all but invincible Oklahoma City Thunder and deep, well-built challengers in the Denver Nuggets and Houston Rockets. Sam Amick of The Athletic noted that the Lakers are seeking that exact type of player via the trade market ahead of the early February deadline, and named two such wings who fit the bill. He can guard multiple positions and shoots 36.4 percent from the 3-point line on approximately three attempts per game Jones made first-team All-Defense two seasons ago and ended that campaign fifth in Defensive Player of the Year voting. Ellis, 25, is a member of the Sacramento Kings and less involved than Jones on essentially an equally bad team, though the Kings' handling of Ellis and his playing time has long baffled the likes of NBA analysts such as Zach Lowe of The Ringer.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nba/trade-talks-intensify-around-2-time-nba-all-star-amid-cavaliers-turmoil-11184460
Article: With Donovan Mitchell looked at as the untouchable ace of the current Cavs franchise, teams are beginning to posture for what that could mean for his backcourt partner Darius Garland. More news: Celtics’ Jaylen Brown Calls Out NBA’s ‘Soul-Selling, Flopping Stars’ In his seventh NBA season, Garland has attended two All-Star games and been a driving force in the Cavs' resurgence since LeBron James left for Hollywood. As the Cavs are jostling for position in the East and more than likely don’t want to aid their rivals, the Rockets appear to be a likely frontrunner if the Garland market begins to pick up with Cleveland’s struggles.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/state/texas-news/lt-gov-dan-patrick-operation-double-nickel-aims-cut-texas-school-taxes-homeowners-over-55/287-3d5e4731-87fc-4bfc-b25e-0b74f1bf70bf
Article: The median home price in Dallas is in the neighborhood of $400,000, which, with an effective tax rate of 1.74% means an annual property tax bill in the neighborhood of $7,000, less with state homestead exemptions and the school portion of that property tax frozen - capped - if you are over the age of 65 - a senior. "Let's give people who turn 55 the same opportunity to get out of the appraisal business, to have their taxes frozen or their values frozen for the rest of their life, and pretty much not pay any school taxes years sooner than now. "59% of the people who live in Dallas are renters and when we shift the burden onto the renters, that is not good for those families." Dallas tax expert Ryan Chismark with Meritax Advisors said where he's proceeding with caution is that capitalism booms and busts.

Link: https://abc13.com/post/deputy-constable-shoots-belligerent-driver-during-traffic-stop-montgomery-county-park-constables-office-says/18269944/
Article: Deputy constable shoots suspect during traffic stop near Montgomery County park: Constable's Office MONTGOMERY COUNTY, Texas (KTRK) -- A Montgomery County Precinct 2 deputy constable shot a suspect during a traffic stop Tuesday afternoon just outside Carl Barton Park, prompting a heavy law enforcement presence and the early closure of park activities.

Link: https://abc13.com/post/man-killed-jealous-rage-shooters-apparent-case-mistaken-identity-hpd-says/18269798/
Article: Man killed in jealous rage by two shooters in apparent case of mistaken identity, HPD says HOUSTON, Texas (KTRK) -- Police say an armed man who thought he was confronting his girlfriend's boyfriend had actually knocked at the wrong door. He was only 23 years old, so I feel like it's just, it's just not fair," said Fowler's sister, Stormi Gayle, who said Fowler loved cutting hair and trading cars.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/trump-denied-slur-haiti-african-nations-now-boasts-128266308
Article: President Donald Trump admits he used the slur “shithole countries” during a private 2018 meeting with lawmakers to disparage Haiti and African nations Trump once denied using this slur about Haiti and African nations President Donald Trump admitted Tuesday that he used the slur “shithole countries” to disparage Haiti and African nations during a 2018 meeting with lawmakers, bragging about a comment that sparked global outrage during his first term. He went on to further disparage Somalia as “filthy, dirty, disgusting, ridden with crime.” Trump was boasting in his speech that he had last week “announced a permanent pause on Third World migration, including from hellholes like Afghanistan, Haiti, Somalia and many other countries,” when someone in the crowd yelled out the 2018 remark. Filthy, dirty, disgusting, ridden with crime.” The White House at the time did not deny Trump's remarks, but the president posted on Twitter the day after the news broke that “this was not the language I used.” He added that he “never said anything derogatory about Haitians." Back in 2018, Trump's comments denigrating predominantly Black nations while seeking more migration from predominantly white countries were widely denounced as racist. ambassador, and Senegal’s President Macky Sall said he was shocked, noting, “Africa and the Black race merit the respect and consideration of all.” But since then, Trump has pushed past many norms and traditions of decorum that had guided his predecessors, both in his first term and in the years since.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/woman-sues-royal-caribbean-fiances-death-cruise-ship-128264316
Article: The fiancee of a man who died on a cruise ship has filed a wrongful death lawsuit against Royal Caribbean The fiancee of a man who died on a cruise ship has filed a wrongful death lawsuit against Royal Caribbean, alleging it negligently served him at least 33 alcoholic drinks and was liable for his death after crew members tackled him to the ground and stood on him with their full body weight. Aguilar and Virgil were on a roundtrip voyage from Los Angeles to Ensenada, Mexico, with other members of their family, including their son, at the time of Virgil's death in December 2024, the lawsuit said. Crew members on board Navigator of the Seas served Virgil more than two dozen drinks, after which he got lost and became agitated trying to find his room, it said.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/student-dies-stabbing-north-carolina-high-school-128260814
Article: Authorities say a stabbing at a central North Carolina high school has left one student dead and another injured Family members and friends of North Forsyth High School students watch and wait in a parking lot across the street from the school after a fatal stabbing, Tuesday, Dec. (Allison Lee Isley/The Winston-Salem Journal via AP) Family members and friends of North Forsyth High School students watch and wait in a parking lot across the street from the school after a fatal stabbing, Tuesday, Dec. “We responded to an altercation between two students,” Kimbrough said at a news conference, adding that “there was a loss of life.” In an email to families and staff, Winston-Salem/Forsyth County Schools superintendent Don Phipps said one student died and another was injured. We hurt when our students hurt, and this is the ultimate hurt that we can possibly feel.” North Forsyth High School will be closed Wednesday, he said, and a crisis team will be in place for staff and when students return.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/north-koreas-ruling-elite-prepares-5-years-party-128267192
Article: North Korea says leader Kim Jong Un has opened a meeting to prepare for the upcoming ruling party congress, one of the country’s biggest political conferences meant to lay out new state priorities SEOUL, South Korea -- North Korean leader Kim Jong Un and other top officials have gathered to discuss preparations for the ruling party's first full congress in five years, state media reported Wednesday. KCNA gave no further details, but observers say the plenary meeting will likely last a few days and set an official agenda for the party congress, which is expected to be held in January or February. and South Korea's calls to resume talks since Kim's high-stakes nuclear diplomacy with President Donald Trump collapsed in 2019, but some experts say Kim could return to talk with the U.S. Last year, Kim declared that his country was abandoning its long-standing goal of peaceful unification with South Korea and ordered the rewriting of the North’s constitution to mark the South as a permanent enemy.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/wireStory/trump-denied-slur-haiti-african-nations-now-boasts-128266309
Article: President Donald Trump admits he used the slur “shithole countries” during a private 2018 meeting with lawmakers to disparage Haiti and African nations Trump once denied using this slur about Haiti and African nations. Now he boasts about it President Donald Trump admitted Tuesday that he used the slur “shithole countries” to disparage Haiti and African nations during a 2018 meeting with lawmakers, bragging about a comment that sparked global outrage during his first term. He went on to further disparage Somalia as “filthy, dirty, disgusting, ridden with crime.” Trump was boasting in his speech that he had last week “announced a permanent pause on Third World migration, including from hellholes like Afghanistan, Haiti, Somalia and many other countries,” when someone in the crowd yelled out the 2018 remark. Filthy, dirty, disgusting, ridden with crime.” The White House at the time did not deny Trump's remarks, but the president posted on Twitter the day after the news broke that “this was not the language I used.” He added that he “never said anything derogatory about Haitians." Back in 2018, Trump's comments denigrating predominantly Black nations while seeking more migration from predominantly white countries were widely denounced as racist. ambassador, and Senegal’s President Macky Sall said he was shocked, noting, “Africa and the Black race merit the respect and consideration of all.” But since then, Trump has pushed past many norms and traditions of decorum that had guided his predecessors, both in his first term and in the years since.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/science/science-news/death-cap-mushroom-poisonings-california-rcna248204
Article: After a string of poisonings from “death cap” mushrooms — one of them fatal — California health officials are urging residents not to eat any foraged mushrooms unless they are trained experts. “All of these patients were involved with independently foraging the mushrooms from the wild,” Smollin, who is a professor of emergency medicine at the University of California, San Francisco, said at a news conference Tuesday. “They all developed symptoms within the first 24 hours, including nausea, vomiting, diarrhea and abdominal pain.” Smollin said some of the patients were parts of cohorts that had consumed the same batch of foraged mushrooms. Cyrus Rangan, a pediatrician and medical toxicologist with the California Poison Control System, said the “blanket warning” is needed because most people do not have the expertise to identify which mushrooms are safe to eat. Still, he said, “it’s rare to see a case series like this.” The California Poison Control System said in a news release that some of the affected patients speak Spanish and might be relying on foraging practices honed outside the United States. Death cap mushrooms look similar to other species in the Amanita genus that are commonly eaten in Central American countries, according to Heather Hallen-Adams, the toxicology chair of the North American Mycological Association. Anne Pringle, a professor of mycology at the University of Wisconsin-Madison, said there is a litany of poisoning cases in which people misidentify something because their experience is not relevant to a new region: “That’s a story that comes up over and over again.” An Amanita phalloides mushroom in Hungary. “Experienced mushroom collectors won’t pay any attention to that.” But McCurdy suggested that people seek expertise from local mycological societies, which are common in California, and think critically about the sources of information their lives may be relying on. The species is found across the West Coast and the Eastern Seaboard, as well as in Florida and Texas, according to Hallen-Adams, who is also an associate professor of food science at the University of Nebraska-Lincoln. Poison Centers average about 52 calls involving amatoxin each year, but “a lot of things don’t get called into poison centers — take that with a grain of salt.” Amatoxin poisoning is not the most common type from mushrooms, but it is the most dangerous, she added: “90% of lethal poisonings worldwide are going to be amatoxin.” It takes remarkably little to sicken a person. “It’s a very difficult mushroom to test for,” Rangan said, and “also very difficult to treat.” One drug that doctors have leaned on to treat some of the California patients — called silibinin — is still experimental and difficult to obtain.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/pop-culture/pop-culture-news/netflix-paramount-battle-warner-bros-discovery-hollywood-awards-season-rcna248033
Article: Marshall were calling the names of Golden Globe nominees at a news conference at the Beverly Hilton, Paramount launched a hostile takeover bid for WBD valued at more than $108 billion. Many of the seven Hollywood insiders NBC News spoke with — including producers, marketers and former studio executives — said the looming media merger will shape votes for upcoming awards shows, including the Directors Guild Awards, the Screen Actors Guild Awards and the coveted Academy Awards. “This deal is an emotional piece of news for a lot of people,” said “Silence of the Lambs” producer Edward Saxon, a voting member of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences and chair of the producing program at the University of Southern California’s film school. On Friday, WBD’s board agreed to sell the company’s film, TV and streaming assets to Netflix for $82.7 billion, sparking a backlash from Hollywood guilds, movie theater owners and politicians on both sides of the aisle over a deal they say would harm workers and consumers. “The industry feels like they’re a TV company masquerading as a film company.” In a conference call with investors and the media Friday, co-CEO Ted Sarandos said that Netflix has no “opposition to movies in theaters” and that it would uphold Warner Bros.’ existing theatrical agreements. But he also said that “over time the [theatrical] windows will evolve.” On Monday, Netflix was hit with a consumer lawsuit seeking to block the WBD acquisition on the grounds that it threatens to reduce competition. Netflix has released 10 best picture nominees in its history, beginning with Alfonso Cuarón's “Roma” in 2019, but it has never won the film industry’s biggest prize, in part because of an industry perception that its business model has contributed to the decline of the theatrical movie business. This year, the company has contenders in Guillermo del Toro’s “Frankenstein,” the George Clooney vehicle “Jay Kelly” and the animated musical sensation “KPop Demon Hunters.” Some in Hollywood have defended Netflix from criticism, saying it has opened the door to more creative people. “There are some people that only get their chance because of streamers,” actor Joel Edgerton, whose quiet drama “Train Dreams” Netflix bought at Sundance last year, told Variety at the Gotham Awards in New York this month. Other awards voters say they may give a boost to Warner Bros.’ contending titles, Paul Thomas Anderson’s “One Battle After Another” and Ryan Coogler’s “Sinners.” “There’s a feeling of this year being the last hurrah for Warner,” said another academy member, who requested anonymity so as not to offend Netflix. And the heads of the film studio [Mike De Luca and Pam Abdy] are well-loved.” In an interview with The Hollywood Reporter about his film’s seven Golden Globe nominations Monday, Coogler answered a question about the pending WBD deal by saying, “Theatrical releases mean everything to me,” a diplomatic way of signaling worry about a Netflix deal. Paramount has consistently touted its close ties to the White House as an advantage over other bidders, and, according to Securities and Exchange Commission filings, some of its financial backing for the deal comes from Affinity Partners, an investment firm founded by Jared Kushner, President Donald Trump’s son-in-law. Paramount has less of a stake in this year’s awards race, apart from “Mission: Impossible—The Final Reckoning,” which is likely to contend in technical categories like sound and visual effects at the Oscars. But the studio owns CBS and Paramount+, which next month will broadcast and stream the Golden Globes, an event that functions as a marketing vehicle for the nominated films and a low-stakes party for Hollywood. At last year’s Globes, which aired two weeks before Trump was inaugurated for his second term and several months before David Ellison’s Skydance bought the network, host Nikki Glaser poked fun at Hollywood’s liberal but largely ineffectual politics.

Link: https://www.morningbrew.com/stories/2025/12/10/instacart-may-be-jacking-up-your-grocery-prices?utm_source=&utm_medium=syndication&utm_campaign=feed
Article: Instacart tried to replace “Yesterday’s price is not today’s price” with “Today’s price might not be the same price for everyone.” The online grocery giant is experimenting with algorithmic pricing that can cost shoppers an extra $1,200 per year, a study released yesterday found. The price is not right for everyone Instacart uses pricing tools from Eversight, an AI company it purchased in 2022, that can create as much as a 23% increase in prices for customers and 2%–5% jump in profit for stores, according to CR. And Instacart is all in on AI: The company and OpenAI just announced a partnership that will allow customers to cook up recipes in ChatGPT and pay for groceries without leaving the chat interface.—DL

Link: https://www.morningbrew.com/stories/2025/12/10/ford-collabs-with-renault-in-fight-for-our-lives?utm_source=&utm_medium=syndication&utm_campaign=feed
Article: The two automakers announced yesterday that they’re teaming up to bring affordable and small Ford-branded EVs to European dealerships starting in 2028, amid what Ford CEO Jim Farley said was “a fight for our lives” against Chinese competitors. Ford fumbles The Detroit automaker’s blue oval has become a rarer sight on Europe’s streets than cafes serving iced coffee: Ford has lost more than half of its passenger car market share on the Continent in the last decade, falling from 7.2% in 2015 to 3.3% this year (through October). Renault to the rescue Ford is banking that infusing Renault-engineered compact EVs with Ford’s design and driving dynamics know-how, will help it stave off Chinese competition as well as European rivals like Volkswagen.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/crime/students-alleged-school-shooting-plot-pasadena-memorial-high-school/285-69ff43bd-24d7-4230-8a51-aa8751f4296f
Article: PASADENA, Texas — An 18-year-old Pasadena 11th grader has been arrested and charged with conspiracy to commit capital murder after police say he plotted with a 10th grade student to carry out a mass shooting at Pasadena Memorial High School. Through their investigation, police identified Lopez as a suspect after he allegedly posted photographs on Instagram showing himself holding a pump-action shotgun and a silver and black handgun, consistent with the weapons the pair were planning to use.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/local/texas/ercot-texas-data-centers-power-grid-impact/285-561a7c06-6bc8-482a-a46a-8a3acb0e3fcb
Article: It was originally set up for, we were thinking about 40 to 50 loads back in the 2022 time frame,” ERCOT Vice President of System Planning and Weatherization Kristi Hobbs said. “The amount of loads and how we study them, we can no longer be looking at them individually because we have to look at their impact to each other as well,” Hobbs said. As for how these centers could impact the grid, especially as winter rolls around, ERCOT officials said right now they see a lower chance of going into emergency operations or rolling blackouts.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/local/body-found-san-antonio-southwest-side-police-investigation/273-d08b81a6-64b1-4dfb-a232-d643993a2879
Article: Example video title will go here for this video Next up in 5 Example video title will go here for this video Next up in 5 To stream WFAA on your phone, you need the WFAA app.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/local/toy-prices-tariffs-houston/285-f7a6ea05-378d-426e-83c5-a4c4585287b2
Article: “Everyone knows it’s affecting everyone in every way.” Cook says the store has tried to absorb as much of the tariff impact as possible to avoid passing steep increases on to customers. “If they’ve gone up astronomical, we’ve had to cut that item and either find something comparable or just not have that item this year.” That means fewer options on shelves and the National Toy Association warns that shoppers across the country can expect reduced selection and an average 4% increase in retail prices this holiday season. Tips to save money on toys this holiday season: - Shop early and often - Take advantage of deals - Shop local - Know before you go / Do your research - Shop second hand

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/ckgmy90z991o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Sperm from donor with cancer-causing gene was used to conceive almost 200 children 24 minutes ago Share Save James Gallagher Health and science correspondent Share Save Shutterstock The donor's sperm was used in clinics across Europe (stock image) A sperm donor who unknowingly harboured a genetic mutation that dramatically raises the risk of cancer has fathered at least 197 children across Europe, a major investigation has revealed. The sperm was not sold to UK clinics, but the BBC can confirm a "very small" number of British families, who have been informed, used the donor's sperm while having fertility treatment in Denmark. Getty Images Up to 20% of the donor's sperm contains the dangerous mutation that increases the risk of cancer (stock image) The investigation has been conducted by 14 public service broadcasters, including the BBC, as part of the European Broadcasting Union's Investigative Journalism Network. "It's a very challenging diagnosis to land on a family, there is a lifelong burden of living with that risk, it's clearly devastating." MRI scans of the body and the brain are needed every year, as well as abdominal ultrasounds, to try to spot tumours. Dr Kasper has been helping some of the families affected Dr Edwige Kasper, a cancer geneticist at Rouen University Hospital, in France, who presented the initial data, told the investigation: "We have many children that have already developed a cancer. "We have some children that have developed already two different cancers and some of them have already died at a very early age." Céline, not her real name, is a single-mother in France whose child was conceived with the donor's sperm 14 years ago and has the mutation. "I understand that there's a high chance it's going to happen and when it does, we'll fight and if there are several, we'll fight several times." The donor's sperm was used by 67 fertility clinics in 14 countries. However, as a result of this investigation the authorities in Denmark notified the UK's Human Fertilisation and Embryology Authority (HFEA) on Tuesday that British women had travelled to the country to receive fertility treatment using the donor's sperm. Peter Thompson, the chief executive of the HFEA, said a "very small number" of women were affected and "they have been told about the donor by the Danish clinic at which they were treated". 'You can't screen for everything' Prof Allan Pacey, who used to run the Sheffield Sperm Bank and is now the deputy vice president of the Faculty of Biology Medicine and Health at the University of Manchester, said countries had become dependent on big international sperm banks and half the UK's sperm was now imported. He told the BBC: "We have to import from big international sperm banks who are also selling it to other countries, because that's how they make their money, and that is where the problem begins, because there's no international law about how often you can use the sperm." He said the case was "awful" for everybody involved, but it would be impossible to make sperm completely safe. "You can't screen for everything, we only accept 1% or 2% of all men that apply to be a sperm donor in the current screening arrangement so if we make it even tighter, we wouldn't have any sperm donors – that's where the balance lies." This case, alongside that of a man who was ordered to stop after fathering 550 children through sperm donation, has again raised questions over whether there should be tougher limits. "More needs to be done to reduce the number of families that are born globally from the same donors," said Sarah Norcross, the director of the Progress Educational Trust, an independent charity for people affected by infertility and genetic conditions. The European Sperm Bank said: "It is important, especially in light of this case, to remember that thousands of women and couples do not have the opportunity to have a child without the help of donor sperm. "It is generally safer to have a child with the help of donor sperm if the sperm donors are screened according to medical guidelines." What if you are considering using a sperm donor?

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/ckg9qpqpwz3o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Hundreds of youth centres planned to reach 'isolated' generation 5 hours ago Share Save Kristian Johnson Share Save sturti / Getty Images Eight Young Futures Hubs will open by March 2026 The government is set to spend £500m on youth services in England, saying the money is needed to revive the "decimated" sector. Over the next four years, the government aims to build or refurbish 250 youth centres, as well as launch 50 new Young Future hubs, which Labour said in its manifesto would be sites bringing together existing services under one roof. The £500m will mostly be spent on children and young people aged 10 to 21, but some aged up to 25 with special educational needs and disabilities will also be supported. A spokesperson added: "This is a good start at repairing the damage, but elements of this are only a fraction of what was lost." The Young Futures Hubs will be a base for youth workers and other professionals, who will support young people at risk of harm and offer career development guidance.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/pacific-northwest-braces-heavy-rain-after-powerful-storm-128268190
Article: Pacific Northwest residents are bracing for another round of heavy rain after a powerful storm clobbered the region the day before Chehalis Fire rescue workers help residents evacuate their flooded neighborhood after heavy rains in the region Tuesday, Dec. -- Pacific Northwest residents braced for another round of heavy rain Wednesday after a powerful storm clobbered the region the day before, swelling rivers, closing roads and prompting high water rescues. The first in what is expected to be a series of damaging storms this week caused power outages, flooding and school closures in parts of Oregon and Washington on Tuesday. Fire officials northeast of Seattle said rescue crews used inflatable kayaks to pull people from stranded cars, and carried another person about a mile (1.6 kilometers) to safety after they were trapped in the woods by rising water. Bob Ferguson said in a post on the social platform X on Tuesday night that the state’s Emergency Operations Center had moved to its highest activation level because of the rain and wind. The Skagit River near Concrete, which is northeast of Seattle, was forecast to rise more than 15 feet (4.6 meters) above major flooding levels by Thursday, which would break a record, according to the National Water Prediction Service. Harrison Rademacher, a meteorologist with the National Weather Service's Seattle office, described the atmospheric river soaking the region as “a jet stream of moisture” stretching across the Pacific Ocean “with the nozzle pushing right along the coast of Oregon and Washington.” The National Weather Service forecast several days of heavy rainfall along the coast and more than a foot (30 centimeters) of new snow in the northern Rockies in northwestern Wyoming. Along Interstate 5 between Seattle and Portland, firefighters conducted five rescues for people who tried to drive on flooded roads, including a semitruck driver, said Malachi Simper, spokesperson for Lewis County Fire Protection District #5. Authorities also rescued a family of six from their home in Chehalis, he said, adding that the road to the house was under about 4 feet (1.2 meters) of water at the time. In southeast Alaska, an arctic blast could bring wind chills as low as minus 50 degrees (minus 45.6 Celsius) in Skagway and minus 15 degrees (minus 26 C) in the capital city, Juneau, according to the National Weather Service. Parts of central and northern Minnesota and northwest Wisconsin could see heavy snow, with a mix of winter weather forecast across the Twin Cities metro and southwest Minnesota, with potentially strong winds to follow, said Ryan Dunleavy, meteorologist for the National Weather Service in the Twin Cities.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/wireStory/2-democrats-2-strategies-texas-senate-race-shows-128267706
Article: (AP Photo/LM Otero) WASHINGTON -- A Dallas congresswoman opened her Senate campaign by telling voters that she “has gone toe to toe with Donald Trump.” Her Democratic primary opponent insisted that Americans are tired of “politics as a blood sport.” The divergent approach highlights how U.S. Figuring out the best approach will be critical for Democrats who are grasping for a path back to power in the upcoming midterm elections, which will determine control of Congress, and are already maneuvering for the next presidential race. Susie Wiles, the White House chief of staff, said in a recent podcast interview that Trump will campaign aggressively during the midterms and the party would “put him on the ballot.” “He is the greatest vote energizer in the history of politics,” said Neil Newhouse, a veteran Republican pollster. “But the challenge is that he does it as much for Democrats as he does for Republicans.” In her campaign launch video, Crockett was silent as audio of Trump’s insults played, including multiple times that he's called her a “very low-IQ person.” At the end of the video, she breaks out into a smile. You better get to work because I’m coming for you.” Trump responded on Tuesday, telling reporters aboard Air Force One that her candidacy is “a gift to Republicans” and “I can’t even believe she’s a politician actually.” For nearly a decade, Democrats have used attacks on Trump to draw attention and fuel fundraising. Governors who are considered potential 2028 presidential contenders, including California’s Gavin Newsom and Illinois’ JB Pritzker, saw their profiles rise as they positioned themselves as staunch opponents of the president. Trump responded by accusing him of “seditious behavior” that's “punishable by death.” Kelly started a national press tour and sent out a flurry of fundraising emails, both for himself and other Democrats. He said Trump has bullied everyone in his career, “but not now, because I won’t let it happen.” When it comes to running for office, “Trump is the red meat that drives donors,” said John Anzalone, a longtime Democratic pollster. “But to really turn out the vote in a really strong manner, you have got to run a really sharp campaign.” When Democrats talk about Trump, they have to connect his actions to voters’ everyday lives, she said. “You have to say, look, there’s a tariff regime that is being run that is enriching the president to the tune of $3 billion, and you’re paying more for everything from your cup of coffee in the morning to the groceries that you’re buying to cook your family dinner at night.” It's an approach that could have more staying power in the coming years. But soon we won't have him as a foil.” Republicans have little choice but to enlist Trump’s help, considering his enduring support among voters who are less likely to turn out during midterm elections. “They need to energize Republican voters and the only real way to energize Republican voters and get them out to vote is by enlisting Trump in the campaign,” said Newhouse, who is advising some of the party's Senate candidates running in 2026. He warned that Trump’s popularity does not necessarily transfer to candidates he supports, “but there isn't an alternative.” “What they are trying to do here is basically wrap themselves up in him, hope that his approval and the economic numbers improve and get their voters out to the polls to match the Democrats’ intensity,” Newhouse said.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/10/us-indonesia-trade-deal-in-jeopardy-.html
Article: had announced a deal with Indonesia in mid-July, slashing so-called "reciprocal" tariff rate on the Southeast Asian country to 19% from the 32% he had threatened in his "tariff letter" to the country earlier that month.

Link: https://www.latimes.com/california/story/2025-12-09/former-compton-city-councilman-pleads-guilty-to-bribery
Article: Former Compton City Councilmember Isaac Galvan pleaded guilty Tuesday to federal criminal charges for bribing a Baldwin Park city councilman, whom he paid $70,000 in exchange for city marijuana permits. Galvan, who ran a consulting service, was involved in a scheme in which he facilitated bribes to Councilman Ricardo Pacheco from one of Galvan’s clients who wanted a marijuana permit in Baldwin Park. Advertisement He served on the Compton City Council from 2013 to 2022, when he lost his seat amid a vote-rigging scandal that led to him being charged with election fraud. Pacheco then delivered, voting in favor of the firm’s marijuana permit in June and July of 2018 and, later that year, voting in favor of W&F’s bid to relocate its operations to the city. Advertisement Galvan admitted in his plea agreement that he failed to file federal individual tax returns for the years 2017 through 2020, evading assessment of the federal taxes he owed in several ways. Wright II scheduled a June 8, 2026, sentencing hearing, at which Galvan will face a statutory maximum sentence of 10 years in federal prison on the bribery count and up to five years on the tax count. Pacheco pleaded guilty in June 2020 to one count of bribery after an FBI sting in which a Baldwin Park police officer, working undercover, paid him nearly $38,000 in exchange for the council member’s political support of the police union’s contract with the city. Galvan secured his last Compton City Council election by a single vote, but four of the votes that had been cast for him were disqualified after a judge found that the ballots had been submitted by people who did not live in the contested council district. Advertisement According to the district attorney’s office, Galvan conspired with one of his opponents in the primary election, Jace Dawson, to send voters who lived outside the council district to vote for Galvan.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/ncaa/clemsons-dabo-swinney-sends-strong-message-on-penn-state-bowl-game-11184598
Article: He said he'd been keeping an eye on this particular bowl game, calling it a "unique opportunity to play a football game in Yankee Stadium." He also mentioned how significant this game will be for many of Clemson's players when they take the field in New York later this month. "We’ll have a lot of kids on the team that have never been to New York," Swinney said on the ClemsonTigerNet video, adding, "To have an opportunity to not only go to an iconic city, but to play in a historic stadium with so much tradition, and to bring Tiger football up there where we have a huge alumni base, is really special." He indicated that this bowl game will be an essential final chapter in his team’s season, after it didn’t start the way they wanted. The Nittany Lions, who recently hired Matt Campbell as the new head coach, will be looking to make a statement ahead of what they hope is an improved 2026 campaign.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/trump-rips-into-new-york-times-over-health-remarks-treasonous-11184517
Article: President Donald Trump denounced The New York Times for what he said was its "fake" reporting on his health, which he suggested was "treasonous." Newsweek contacted the Times for comment via email late Tuesday night. Why It Matters Trump, 79, and his officials have long insisted he is in top health, despite concerns raised about bruising on his hand, potential signs of fatigue and moments during briefings and other public events where he has appeared to doze off or his eyes have drooped. What To Know Trump, in a post to his Truth Social page, said he undergoes extensive medical examinations for which top doctors have given him “PERFECT Marks.” He said he had taken a cognitive examination three times “and I aced all three of them in front of large numbers of doctors and experts.” “Despite all of this, the time and work involved, the New York Times, and some others, like to pretend that i am ‘slowing up,’ and maybe not as sharp as I once was, or am in poor physical health, knowing that it is not true, and knowing that I work very hard, probably harder than I have ever worked before,” he said. “After all of the work I have done with the Medical Exams, Cognitive Exams, and everything else, I actually believe it’s seditious, perhaps even treasonous, for the New York Times and others to consistently do FAKE reports in order to libel and demean THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES,” Trump added. He characterized the procedure as routine but said he had “no idea what they analyzed.” The White House later released some details about the MRI, describing the results as “perfectly normal” and part of his routine executive physical. The physician said the findings confirm that Trump “remains in excellent overall health.” The president's wellness has come under scrutiny during the past year, notably after pictures emerged repeatedly of bruising to his right hand. In July, the White House released a memo explaining that Trump had been diagnosed with chronic venous insufficiency (CVI), which his physician described as "benign and common." The Times recently reported that the president had appeared to fall asleep during a White House event, saying "his battery shows signs of wear." What People Are Saying Trump, in his post: “I will know when I am ‘slowing up’ but it’s not now!”

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nba/giannis-calls-team-meeting-with-bucks-teammates-amid-explosive-trade-rumors-11184518
Article: Giannis Antetokounmpo is in front and center of every piece of NBA discussion right now as rumors swirl about which jersey he will be wearing by the end of the 2025 season, but he wants his Milwaukee Bucks teammates to stay focused on the campaign ahead. More news: Ex-Lakers Champion Makes Eye-Opening Luka Doncic-Kobe Bryant Comparison Since getting 15th overall, the man nicknamed the “Greek Freak” has become Milwaukee’s all-time greatest player, leading them to their second franchise title in 2021 against the Phoenix Suns. The nine-time All-Star mentioned in an interview last season that he hopes all the great European talent that has come over to the United States in recent years gets the spotlight in the country’s biggest cities.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/ncaa/notre-dame-announces-marcus-freeman-news-cfp-miss-11184576
Article: Marcus Freeman and the Notre Dame Fighting Irish were hoping to squeak their way into the College Football Playoff after winning 10 straight games to close out the season, but that didn't end up happening. He seems likely to stay with the Fighting Irish, but there were many college teams with interest in him and a few NFL teams have been brought up as possible landing spots. Read more: Alabama Named in Paul Finebaum’s Head-Turning CFP Prediction Since taking over as the head coach of the Fighting Irish back in 2021, he has led Notre Dame to a 43-12 record.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/mlb/all-star-closer-signs-19-million-free-agent-deal-with-al-contender-reports-11184571
Article: More news: Mystery Teams, Cubs, Red Sox in Market for 3-Time All-Star: Report According to multiple reports Tuesday, Finnegan signed a two-year, $19 million contract that can max out at $20 million with incentives. Finnegan signed a one-year, deferred-money deal with the Nationals in February that paid roughly $5.3 to $5.6 million, depending on the formula to determine the present-day value of the contract. More news: Former Astros Infielder, Manager in Israel, Dies Finnegan will get a nice raise — and an extra year — after averaging 30 saves over the last three seasons while posting a 3.65 ERA (114 ERA+). While much of the buzz surrounding Detroit at the MLB Winter Meetings has focused on their capacity to extend — or trade — Cy Young Award winner Tarik Skubal, their front office was busy locking up one of the other bright spots on their pitching staff. More news: Blue Jays Cut Pitcher Who Was Left Off World Series Roster In addition to Finnegan, the Tigers used the days before the July 31 trade deadline to acquire Paul Sewald, Codi Heuer, Rafael Montero, Chris Paddack, and Charlie Morton. More news: Royals Lose Free Agent Pitcher to NL Central Team Finnegan also made six postseason appearances as the Tigers eliminated the American League Central rival Cleveland Guardians in the Wild Card round, but lost to the Seattle Mariners in a five-game AL Division Series. A sixth-round pick by the Oakland A's in the 2013 MLB Draft out of Texas State, Finnegan is 26-30 in 347 career appearances with the Nationals (2020-25) and Tigers in his career.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Business/wireStory/nepal-charges-dozens-corruption-inflated-airports-costs-74-128264129
Article: Former Nepali ministers, officials and a Chinese company have been charged with corruption in a case alleging financial irregularities inflated an airport's construction costs by more than $74 million Nepal charges dozens and says corruption inflated an airport's costs by $74 million KATHMANDU, Nepal -- Former Nepali ministers, officials and a Chinese company were charged with corruption over financial irregularities during the construction of an international airport. The Commission for Investigation of Abuse of Authority filed on Sunday cases against 55 people and the China CAMC Engineering Company Limited, one of the biggest such cases in the Himalayan nation, accusing them of inflating construction expenses by more than $74 million. The bidding agreed on with the government in 2012 was set at $169.6 million, but Nepali officials increased the amount to a little over $244 million “in collusion with the Chinese company,” the commission said.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/10/amazon-pledges-35-billion-investments-in-indias-ai-space-through-2030-million-jobs.html
Article: In a press release, Amazon said the new funds will target AI-driven digitization, export growth and job creation, aligning with India's national priorities to build up its local AI environment. By 2030, Amazon said the plan is expected to generate an additional 1 million direct, indirect, induced and seasonal jobs in India, quadruple exports to $80 billion and deliver AI benefits to 15 million small businesses.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/10/cnbcs-uk-exchange-newsletter-the-worlds-biggest-ice-cream-maker-hopes-the-futures-sweet.html
Article: In one of the splashiest stock market events of 2025, shares of TMICC debuted on Amsterdam's Euronext, and there are also secondary listings in London and New York — where Peter ter Kulve, the chief executive, will ring the opening bell today. ET.) Lovers of ice cream brands like Magnum, Cornetto, Carte D'Or, Ben & Jerry's, Breyers and Wall's can now own shares in them directly following Monday's demerger of The Magnum Ice Cream Company (TMICC) from former parent Unilever. The company itself has warned that, as it will not qualify for indices such as the FTSE 100, there could be initial selling by tracker funds unable to hold the stock. And it is cheap: including debt, TMICC is worth little more than the next-biggest player in the $87-billion global ice cream market, Froneri, a British-based joint venture between Nestle and PAI Partners, the French private equity firm. Ahead of the demerger, ter Kulve played down these risks, arguing that for years TMICC has evolved its portfolio to include more products with reduced sugar, higher amounts of protein or in which portions can be controlled. As Chris Beckett, consumer staples analyst at the wealth manager Quilter Cheviot, put it: "While Magnum hasn't thrived under Unilever's ownership, there is some hope that the revitalised management team — albeit predominantly made up of ex-Unilever employees — will produce a better operating performance." There is another potential thorn in ter Kulve's side. In 2021, the pair briefly stopped Unilever from selling the product in Israeli settlements in the West Bank, before the ensuing backlash prompted Unilever to sell the brand's Israeli arm to a local licensee. Greenfield left the business in September this year while, last month, TMICC said that Anuradha Mittal, chair of the Ben & Jerry's independent board, "no longer meets the criteria" to serve, without giving more details. In a typical piece of Dutch plain speaking, ter Kulve told the Financial Times on Monday the pair should "hand over to a new generation." He warned that TMICC might no longer continue contributing to the Ben & Jerry's charitable foundation unless corporate governance failures identified in a recent audit were addressed. The spat is another reason why Unilever will be happy to offload TMICC — where returns have been lower than in its other businesses, even though it is for now retaining a 19.9% stake, which will be sold over the next five years. Coming in, there were the purchases in 2000 of Ben & Jerry's, Slim-Fast (since sold) and Best Foods, which brought Unilever the Hellmann's brand; the ill-fated $1 billion acquisition of Dollar Shave Club in 2016; and the 2019 acquisition of the healthy snacking brand Graze, again since sold. Going out of the door have been Unilever's speciality chemicals business, sold to ICI for £5 billion ($6.66 billion) in 1997; its spreads business — including the Flora brand — which was sold to KKR for 6.7 billion euros in 2017 and, more recently, the £3.8 billion sale in 2021 of Unilever's black tea business, owner of iconic brands such as PG Tips and Liptons, to the private equity firm CVC. Not to mention a whole host of smaller disposals, such as Ambrosia creamed rice and Brown & Polson cornflour, both sold to Premier Foods in 2003 and Birds Eye frozen food, offloaded to Permira in 2006. Terry Smith, whose investment firm Fundsmith is one of Unilever's top 10 shareholders, noted last year they have included 2010's Unilever Sustainable Living Plan, 2016's Connected 4 Growth and 2022's Unilever Compass Strategy for Sustainable Growth. Yet none mattered as much as the move, five years ago, to a single company structure that ended the 90-year old arrangement of two parents — the British Unilever plc and the Dutch Unilever NV — and provided more corporate flexibility. As Fernando Fernandez, the newish chief executive and a man plainly in a hurry, noted on LinkedIn on Monday: "For Unilever, this milestone allows us to keep sharpening our focus in building a portfolio of power brands with unparalleled geographical footprint and superior growth prospects." Notably, just two of these 1-billion-euro brands — Knorr and Hellmann's — reside in its food division. Should the spin-off of TMICC not result in a re-rating, it would be no surprise if Unilever became a pure beauty and well-being, personal care and home care business, with its entire foods division a distant memory.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/10/zelenskyy-says-ukraine-ready-to-hold-polls-if-us-allies-ensure-security?traffic_source=rss
Article: Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy has declared that his government was prepared to hold elections within three months if the United States and Kyiv’s other allies can ensure the security of the voting process. Zelenskyy issued his statement on Tuesday as he faced renewed pressure from US President Donald Trump, who suggested in an interview with a news outlet that the Ukrainian government was using Russia’s war on their country as an excuse to avoid elections. “I’m ready for elections, and moreover I ask… that the US help me, maybe together with European colleagues, to ensure the security of an election,” Zelenskyy said in comments to reporters. In a Politico news article published earlier on Tuesday, Trump was quoted as saying: “You know, they [Ukraine] talk about a democracy, but it gets to a point where it’s not a democracy any more.” Zelenskyy dismissed the suggestion that he was clinging to power as “totally inadequate”. Zelenskyy and other officials have routinely dismissed the idea of holding elections while frequent Russian air strikes take place across the country, nearly a million troops are at the front and millions more Ukrainians are displaced. Ukraine, which is pushing back on a US-backed peace plan seen as Moscow-friendly, is also seeking strong security guarantees from its allies that would prevent any new Russian invasion in the future. Washington’s peace proposal involves Ukraine surrendering land that Russia has not captured, primarily the entire industrial Donbas region, in return for security promises that fall short of Kyiv’s aspirations, including its wish to join the NATO military alliance.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/czdgje5p3qdo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Madeleine McCann's father calls for greater scrutiny of press 31 minutes ago Share Save Ashitha Nagesh BBC News Share Save Gerry McCann says hounding by press took 'huge toll' on family Madeleine McCann's father is calling for greater scrutiny of the UK's media, saying that his family was subjected to "monstering" by sections of the press. He wants a resumption of the cancelled second phase of the Lord Leveson Inquiry, which would have examined unlawful action by the media, plus journalists' relationships with politicians and police. In a rare interview, Mr McCann said that for months after her disappearance his family had "journalists coming to the house, photographers literally ramming their cameras against our car window when we had two-year-old twins in the back who were terrified". "It was what was happening and the way things were being portrayed, where you were being suffocated and buried, and it felt like there wasn't a way out." Mr McCann and his wife, Kate McCann, are among more than 30 people to have signed a letter being sent to Prime Minister Sir Keir Starmer and calling on him to reverse the decision not to hold the second phase of the Leveson Inquiry. Madeleine McCann disappeared in 2007, then aged three The letter, seen by the BBC, requests a meeting with the prime minister, saying: "We understand that you recently had time to meet News Corp chairman Lachlan Murdoch. "We hope you will now meet with some of the British citizens whose lives have been upended by the illegal practices and abuses associated with his company." Mr McCann told the Today programme: "It's quite obvious that press barons can meet the prime minister, but the people who have suffered at the hands of them can't." News UK, the UK branch of News Corp, declined to comment. PA Media Lord Leveson's report in 2012 recommended a self-regulation body for the press He said that in the run-up to last year's general election, Labour politicians had committed to implementing the recommendations made in the first part of the Leveson Inquiry, and that he was "extremely disappointed" that they hadn't done so. "It's not acceptable to me now, more than a year on, that Leveson and press regulation is no longer a priority." A DCMS spokesperson told the BBC it "recognises that for victims and their families, incidents of harassment and intrusion from the media cause significant distress". "The Culture Secretary has met with individuals and families who have experienced this intrusion in the past and the government is committed to ensuring that these failings are never repeated," they said. 'We put our morals aside' Mr McCann added that he and his wife had "supped with the Devil" by working with the Sun in 2011, in order to have the investigation into Madeleine's disappearance reviewed - illustrating the newspaper's influence. So we put our morals aside to work with them to achieve what we wanted." Criticising media coverage of the investigation, he said: "Published material which should have been confidential, should be passed on to the police, witness statements, many other things that have gone out," he said.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c4gpv47ngrro?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Knife threats and racial abuse all in a day's work, say bus drivers 40 minutes ago Share Save Dan Johnson , West of England correspondent and Sophie Woodcock Share Save 'Broken bus windows, threatened with a knife - all in a day’s work' "Would I catch a bus? "I've been assaulted twice, spat at numerous times, and I've had incidents of broken windows – it's just part and parcel of the job, unfortunately." He describes a "lawlessness" among some of the travelling public - mostly younger people - which he believes has got worse in 38 years of driving Birmingham's bus routes. The BBC has spoken to passengers, transport staff and other bus drivers in the West Midlands about what they say is a growing national trend of antisocial behaviour on public transport. They actually bent the fingers back on my hand when I was trying to hold [the door] to stop them getting on the vehicle." Mr Collett now mostly trains other drivers, warning them of the dangers. "I'll be getting a taxi because I know that I'll get home safely." A Public Space Protection Order has been imposed at Chelmsley Wood to stop gatherings of young people and to require the removal of masks and hoods. It's just horrendous." The probability of becoming a victim of crime on public transport is very low - Transport for West Midlands estimates one crime for every 50,000 bus journeys. BBC/Andy Alcroft Chelmsley Wood bus station is a hotspot for antisocial behaviour The drivers have no choice but to carry on with their jobs, although many are afraid to speak openly about the risks. I go home sometimes and just want to break down and cry because it's a horrible job." They describe the daily grind of disrespectful teenagers, aggressive drug addicts, even passengers defecating on the bus. I've known a few drivers who have kicked off, but then they've lost their job because of it." I saw for myself what drivers and passengers are facing when I sat on the top deck of the 94 from Chelmsley Wood, shortly after the school bell. BBC/Andy Alcroft Esha Sheemar is one of 13 Transport Safety Officers (TSOs) patrolling the West Midlands Across the bus station, Ms Sheemar's colleague Lee Clarke has spotted a face from their most-wanted list: a 13-year-old accused of vandalising a bus shelter. TSOs are funded by the Combined Authority and belong to the West Midlands Safer Travel Partnership, which includes West Midlands Police, British Transport Police, as well as bus and train companies. Behind each camera is an operator looking out for your safety whilst you travel around the bus, train and tram network." Last summer, a teenager was filmed threatening people at Chelmsley Wood bus station with a machete.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cz7nrze7g8wo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: French far-right leader tells BBC he shares US warnings on Europe 'for most part' 45 minutes ago Share Save Laura Gozzi Share Save BBC 'If tomorrow I am the head of government, France will no longer be the target of mass immigration,' Bardella told the BBC's Nick Robinson The leader of France's far-right National Rally (RN) Jordan Bardella has welcomed "for the most part" concerns raised about Europe in US President Donald Trump's new National Security Strategy. Last week, the White House published a document which outlined Trump's vision of the world and the state of the European continent, which many have characterised as harshly critical of Europe. Speaking to the BBC's Nick Robinson for his Political Thinking podcast, Bardella praised what he said was Trump's "appeal to American pride" - but he made clear he did not want Europe to be "subservient to any major power". In a wide-ranging interview, the 30-year-old, who opinion polls suggest leads in the race to be France's next president, was also challenged on the RN's political history and his stance on immigration. Bardella said he shared the majority of the concerns outlined by the Trump administration about Europe facing "civilisational erasure", which the White House said is being fuelled by a range of policies, including on migration. "Mass immigration and the laxity of our governments in the last 30 years with regards to migration policy are shaking the balance of European countries, of Western societies, and namely French society," Bardella said. A recent poll for Le Figaro suggests Bardella would win with 44% of the vote - just ahead of Marine Le Pen, the RN figurehead whose candidacy is in doubt after she was found guilty of embezzling EU funds and barred from standing in an election for five years.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/ckg9e1nl40wo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: 'It's insulting they think we can't handle it': The Australian teens banned from social media 58 minutes ago Share Save Katy Watson Maxwelton, Queensland Share Save Breanna Easton, 15, now finds herself cut off from social media because of Australia's ban on under-16s School is out for the year, but the summer holidays aren't exactly a break for 15-year-old Breanna Easton - that is when she's hard at work mustering cattle on the family's station. The debate is far from settled but Australia's experiment has now begun, and Breanna is among millions of children under the age of 16 who are no longer allowed to use social media. "We did feel very behind the other children at school because we had a somewhat sheltered life." Breanna, her older sister Olivia and younger brother Jacob all did remote classes for children in the outback who are unable to attend a physical school. "We might be incredibly geographically isolated but we're not digitally illiterate and we have taken great measures in our family to make sure that we educate our children appropriately for the world ahead of them," Ms Easton says. "I do think that it is a bit of government overstepping." One of her concerns is that delaying access to social media to 16 takes away power from parents to educate their children. "Even though it's young to get them on social media, we've staged their experiences with it and it's a great opportunity for us to let them have a few mistakes and then talk them through the processes of self-correcting." Jacinta Hickey, 14, says she is old enough to know right from wrong More than 2,000km away, teens in Sydney lead very different, far more connected lives. Relationships are damaged and we have to look into it." At 12, Lola Farrugia isn't on social media yet - and with the new law, she now won't be for another four years. "They're my school friends so I see them at school, I see them in sport - they're everywhere," says Lola, who's had coaching from her parents about the ills of social media. "If you have a pantry and you clear [it], you're not craving anything, you know what I mean?" Lola, 12, is in favour of the ban Peter Malinauskas, the Premier of South Australia, is the man credited – or blamed, depending on your age - for clearing out the pantry. After his wife read The Anxious Generation by Jonathan Haidt, an American psychologist who sets out the ills of the smartphone and how it is rewiring childhood, Malinauskas set out to introduce state-level legislation hoping it could win federal support too. "But when you are talking about protecting young people, all other considerations become secondary." But one of the biggest criticisms of the law is that a blanket restriction could do the opposite for minority groups. According to a survey of nearly 1,000 young people carried out by Minus18, a group that supports under-18 LGBTQ+ communities, 96% of respondents said social media was important to access friends and support, and 82% believed a ban would leave them disconnected. "I use it as a safe space to share what I've had to go through and since nobody knows who I am, they can't come to me in real life and talk about it and that feels kind of comforting." Sadie's mother Kath felt it was an important step in her daughter - the youngest in their family - growing up and now that has been taken away from her. "Online can be a very beneficial place for autistic people and there are ways to connect online that are just not accessible to them in real life." Watch: 'I don't need laws to teach my kids to be responsible', says Kath Angus For every young person who feels like they're losing out, campaigner Emma Mason thinks there will be far more winners. Emma recalls how hysterical Tilly was when she found out: "She was subject to something she had no control over, a harm that was instant, a harm that she could not stop. It was one of those moments in her life where she just lost it, she just thought I can't do this anymore, I can't keep fighting the demons." Ms Mason doesn't want this to happen to other children, which is why she's been standing alongside Prime Minister Anthony Albanese to support this law. "It's a government's job to protect the vulnerable of our society and to provide guardrails for how things need to go." She admits though, for those who are already teenagers, they might not be clear winners. "But those children that are 13 and below that aren't supposed to be on it now, they won't have to grow up in a world where it's acceptable that you just get on social media and you can say what you want, how you want, to whoever you want." Additional reporting by Simon Atkinson

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/12/10/nx-s1-5639694/social-media-ban-children-australia
Article: Social media ban for children under 16 starts in Australia toggle caption Rick Rycroft/AP MELBOURNE, Australia — Australian Prime Minister Anthony Albanese welcomed a world-first social media ban for children younger than 16 that took effect Wednesday as families taking back power from tech giants but warned the implementation would be difficult. Sponsor Message "This is the day when Australian families are taking back power from these big tech companies and they're asserting the right of kids to be kids and for parents to have greater peace of mind," Albanese told the Australian Broadcasting Corp. But also for the global community, who are looking at Australia and saying: well, if Australia can do it, why can't we?" Albanese later told a Sydney gathering of reform supporters, including parents who blame social media for a child's suicide. Facebook, Instagram, Kick, Reddit, Snapchat, Threads, TikTok, X, YouTube and Twitch face fines of up to 49.5 million Australian dollars ($32.9 million) from Wednesday if they fail to take reasonable steps to remove the accounts of Australian children younger than 16. Communications Minister Anika Wells said the age-restricted platforms "may not agree with the law and that's their right — we don't expect 100% universal support," but that all had undertaken to comply with the Australian law. toggle caption Mick Tsikas/AP "Just because they might have avoided it (detection) today doesn't mean they will be able to avoid it in a week's time or a month's time because social media platforms have to go back and routinely check under-16 accounts," Wells said. "These social media platforms have so much data on us because we choose to give it to them because we like social media and because you've had your older brother scan their face for you today, which has bought you a bit of time, doesn't mean that these accounts aren't going to see you talking to other 14-year-olds tonight about the under-16 soccer carnival on weekend, about your upcoming school holidays and what your Year 10 teacher is next year," she added. Father of sextortion scam victim says social media ban is a start Wayne Holdsworth, who became an age restriction advocate because his son Mac took his own life after falling victim to an online sextortion scam, described the new law as a start. Sponsor Message "Our kids that we've lost haven't died in vain because today they'll be looking down very proud of the work that we've all done," Holdsworth told the Sydney gathering. "This ban is bold and brave and I believe it will help kids like me to grow up healthier, safer, kinder and more connected to the real world," Flossie said.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/10/ceo-of-south-korean-online-retail-giant-coupang-resigns-over-data-breach-park-dae-jun.html
Article: Park Dae-jun, CEO of South Korean online retail giant Coupang has resigned, three weeks after the company became aware of a massive data breach that affected nearly 34 million customers. "I am deeply sorry for disappointing the public with the recent personal information incident," Park said, adding, "I feel a deep sense of responsibility for the outbreak and the subsequent recovery process, and I have decided to step down from all positions." Following his resignation, parent company Coupang Inc.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/10/supply-chain-diversification-away-from-china-is-progressing-from-talks-to-action-eu-chamber-says.html
Article: That's what Jens Eskelund, president, European Union Chamber of Commerce in China, told reporters on Tuesday ahead of the launch of a report on supply chain risks, and as businesses look ahead to the new year after a tumultuous 2025. Other figures cited by the EU Chamber in its report Wednesday showed that China's share in containers shipped globally was creeping up — at 37% for the first three quarters of this year, up from 36% at the end of 2024 and 31.7% before the pandemic in 2019.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/10/european-markets-on-decpoint10-2025-stoxx-600-ftse-dax-fed-decision.html
Article: The central bank is widely expected to deliver its third straight interest rate cut of a quarter percentage point, with Fed Funds futures suggesting an 87.6% chance of a decrease, according to CME's FedWatch tool. Sentiment among members of the rate-setting Federal Open Market Committee remains divided, however, as some favor cuts to stave off further labor market weakness and others believe another cut could worsen inflation. Trump, who has a checkered relationship with European leaders, appearing to get on well with some — such as the U.K.'s Keir Starmer and Italian PM Giorgia Meloni — and not so much with others. "I think they don't know what to do," he said in the interview, adding: "Europe doesn't know what to do." The comments will hit hard at a time when European allies are trying to make sure the continent's voice is heard in negotiations over Ukraine peace proposals. They come after Trump's new national security strategy last week questioned whether European countries can "remain reliable allies." Earnings come from TUI on Wednesday, and data releases include Italian industrial production figures.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/10/china-connection-newsletter-us-china-ai-talent-race-chris-miller-chip-war-computing-brain-power-electricity.html
Article: The big story Chris Miller, author of the book "Chip War," warned three years ago that the balance of modern power hinges on a semiconductor supply chain crossing geopolitical fault lines. Carnegie Endowment researchers echoed those concerns a day later, noting China has been producing more top-tier AI researchers over the last few years, while fewer are heading to the U.S. The Ministry of Education said in August that one-fifth of higher education programs nationwide have been revamped in the last two years — with a slew of majors cut or added — to channel more students into AI and integrated circuits fields. It's not necessarily that China is much better at attracting global AI talent, but the ability to keep more AI experts at home "could have a major impact on talent flows," Tufts University's Miller pointed out to me in an email. The company's global patent licensing revenue hit a record $630 million last year, with further growth expected in 2025, according to Huawei Vice President Alan Fan, who heads the company's intellectual property rights department. In the trinity of factors that Miller identified in his Senate testimony for maintaining AI leadership —computing power, brain power, and electrical power — human capital isn't his only worry. "America has a substantial lead in computing power, [but] China leads in electrical power." Top TV picks on CNBC watch now Kevin Liu, chief offshore China and overseas strategist at CICC, said there is still a way to go before AI demand, investments, and valuations reach the levels seen at the peak of the dotcom-era bubble. Hong Kong's Hang Seng index slipped 0.56%, and the mainland CSI 300 declined 0.78% after China's consumer prices rose 0.7% from a year earlier, its highest level since February last year.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/opinions/2025/12/10/gaza-and-the-unravelling-of-a-world-order-built-on-power?traffic_source=rss
Article: Understanding why the United Nations has proved so limited in responding to what many regard as a genocidal assault requires returning to the foundations of the post–World War II order and examining how its structure has long enabled impunity rather than accountability. After World War II, the architecture for a new international order based on respect for the UN Charter and international law was agreed upon as the normative foundation of a peaceful future. The Soviet Union had some justification for defending itself against a West-dominated voting majority, yet it too used the veto pragmatically and displayed a dismissive approach to international law and human rights, as did the three liberal democracies. Third, the economistic aspect: The profitability of arms races and wars reinforced a pre–World War II pattern of lawless global politics, sustained by an alliance of geopolitical realism, corporate media, and private-sector militarism. Why the UN could not protect Gaza Against this background, it is unsurprising that the UN performed in a disappointing manner during the two-plus years of genocidal assault on Gaza. In many respects, the UN did what it was designed to do in the turmoil after October 7, and only fundamental reforms driven by the Global South and transnational civil society can alter this structural limitation. Yet, it fell short of what was legally possible, particularly when the General Assembly failed to explore its potential self-empowerment through the Uniting for Peace resolution or the Responsibility to Protect norm. Advertisement On occupation, responding to a General Assembly request for clarification, the Court issued a historic advisory opinion on July 19, 2024, finding Israel in severe violation of its duties under international humanitarian law in administering Gaza, the West Bank, and East Jerusalem. A Moon Will Arise from this Darkness: Reports on Genocide in Palestine, containing the publicly submitted reports of the special rapporteur, Francesca Albanese, documents and strongly supports the genocide findings. A further unheralded contribution came from UNRWA, the UN agency for Palestinian refugees, whose services were essential to a civilian population facing acute insecurity, devastation, starvation, disease, and cruel combat tactics. The moral and political costs of UN paralysis The foregoing needs to be read in light of the continuing Palestinian ordeal, which persists despite numerous Israeli violations, resulting in more than 350 Palestinian deaths since the ceasefire was agreed upon on October 10, 2025. In this sense, the ICJ outcomes and the reports of the special rapporteur that take the international law dimensions seriously have the indirect effect of legitimising various forms of civil society activism in support of true and just peace, which presupposes the realisation of Palestinian basic rights – above all, the inalienable right of self-determination. The exclusion of Palestinian participation in the US-imposed Trump Plan for shaping Gaza’s political future is a sign that liberal democracies stubbornly adhere to their unsupportable positions of complicity with Israel. Advertisement Finally, the unanimous adoption of Security Council Resolution 2803 in unacceptably endorsing the Trump Plan aligns the UN fully with the US and Israel, a demoralising evasion and repudiation of its own truth-telling procedures. In doing so, it deepens the crisis of confidence in global governance and underscores the urgent need for meaningful UN reform if genuine peace and justice are ever to be realised.

Link: https://www.morningbrew.com/stories/australia-teen-social-media-ban-is-in-effect?utm_source=&utm_medium=syndication&utm_campaign=feed
Article: Australian teens now have what amounts to a very expensive calculator as the first nationwide ban on social media for users under the age of 16 took effect there on Wednesday. After a year of wondering if Aussie officials would go through with it, social media companies will now have to shut down over 1 million accounts as the rest of the world watches. The ban, aimed at protecting kids from what officials say are highly addictive platforms, will affect the nearly 86% of Australians between the ages of eight and 15 who used social media in the country, according to the Australian government. Social media companies—including Instagram, TikTok, Snapchat, YouTube, X, Reddit, Kick, Twitch, and Facebook—are now required to institute age verification or face a fine of up to ~$32 million for repeated offenses: Social media platforms must now have age verification systems in place.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/ilhan-omar-reacts-to-trump-rebuke-during-affordability-rally-11184630
Article: Donald Trump used a Pennsylvania rally billed as an “Affordability” event to unleash a series of inflammatory remarks about immigrants and Democratic Representative Ilhan Omar, prompting supporters to revive the 2019 “send her back” chant that became one of the most notorious moments of his first term. While casting himself as the candidate best able to fix the economy, Trump folded affordability issues into a broader hardline immigration pitch, mocking Omar, repeating false claims about her citizenship and openly embracing his previously denied remark about “shithole countries.” ... Why It Matters President Donald Trump used his Pennsylvania Affordability Rally on Tuesday — an event billed as a pitch to voters concerned about rising prices — to revive some of his most incendiary attacks on immigrants and on Democratic Representative Ilhan Omar. His comments, which echoed language that had triggered one of the most widely condemned chants of his 2019 campaign, again prompted the crowd to shout “send her back,” extending a years-long political and cultural flashpoint over race, identity, immigration and belonging in the U.S. At a moment when Trump is seeking to frame the 2026 midterm climate around affordability concerns, during the rally he nevertheless steered repeatedly into hardline immigration themes — connecting the economy, border security and demographic change in ways that have defined his campaign rhetoric since 2016. Her family fled the Somali Civil War when she was eight years old, and they spent four years in the Dadaab refugee camp in Kenya before being granted asylum and arriving in the United States in 1995. citizens are not subject to the civil immigration enforcement authority of agencies like Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE), but calls for Omar's denaturalization and deportation have been a recurring theme among conservative political figures, often linked to unsubstantiated allegations of marriage or immigration fraud, which she has dismissed. During the speech he recounted —approvingly — his 2018 Oval Office remark in which he referred to Haiti and African nations as “shithole countries,” a comment he previously denied making. Trump revived the line after a rallygoer shouted it out, leading him to say: “We had a meeting and I said, ‘Why is it we only take people from shithole countries… Why can’t we have some people from Norway, Sweden?’” He then disparaged Somalia as “filthy, dirty, disgusting, ridden with crime,” while boasting that he had last week “announced a permanent pause on Third World migration, including from hellholes like Afghanistan, Haiti, Somalia and many other countries.” These new comments came alongside Trump’s claims that immigration is a central driver of economic strain. What People Are Saying Medhi Hasan, CEO of Zeteo News on X: "We had multiple news cycles in his first term where Republicans fell over themselves to swear, to deny, that he had ever said the phrase ‘shithole country’. A reminder that second term Trump is so much worse than first term Trump." Jim Acosta, former CNN Chief White House Correspondent: "At his event in PA, Trump admits he said something he tried to deny back in 2018 about “shithole countries.” I pressed him on whether he just wanted immigrants from predominantly white or Caucasian countries and he ordered me “out” of the Oval Office. Back then he said publicly he wanted immigrants from “everywhere.” That was a lie." What Happens Next Trump’s renewed rhetoric on Omar, immigration and “shithole countries” is likely to intensify scrutiny of his campaign message as he seeks to tie affordability concerns to border and demographic issues. After the similar 2019 chant, Newsweek reported that Trump faced days of questions about whether he endorsed the crowd’s response — ultimately saying he was “not happy with it,” even as critics accused him of inciting it. With Omar again accusing him of relying on “bigoted lies” rather than offering policy answers on affordability and the cost of living, the Pennsylvania rally may shape both parties’ next moves. Trump is expected to continue leaning hard into immigration as an economic argument, while Democrats are likely to spotlight his comments as evidence that he is reviving language that sparked global outrage during his first term, now with even greater intensity.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cx2dpl3994eo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: India orders IndiGo to slash flights as airline says operations 'normalised' 24 minutes ago Share Save Nikita Yadav Share Save Getty Images IndiGo is India's largest airline with 60% market share India's largest airline, IndiGo, says it has "normalised" operations after cancelling more than 3,000 flights last week due to what officials described as poor pilot roster planning, a crisis that left thousands of passengers stranded. This came as authorities ordered IndiGo to cut 10% of its winter schedule - double the reduction first announced - a move that could see more than 200 daily flights cancelled.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/cricket/articles/cwyv5p19qw8o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: As the squad assembled on the beach on Wednesday morning, the players were approached by two local radio hosts - dressed in full whites - holding signs that read "For sale, moral victories" and "Bazballers anonymous, free counselling".

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/12/10/g-s1-101506/trumps-speech-grievances-about-immigrants
Article: — On the road in Pennsylvania on Tuesday, President Donald Trump tried to emphasize his focus on combating inflation, yet the issue that has damaged his popularity couldn't quite command his full attention. The president told the crowd gathered at a casino and resort in Mount Pocono that inflation was no longer a problem and that Democrats had used the term "affordability" as a "hoax" to hurt his reputation. But his remarks weaved wildly to include grievances he first raised behind closed doors in his first term in 2018 — and later denied saying — asking why the U.S. "Why can't we have some people from Norway, Sweden, just a few?" Sponsor Message Trump said he objected to taking immigrants from "hellholes like Afghanistan, Haiti, Somalia and many other countries." He added for emphasis that those places "are a disaster, right? Filthy, dirty, disgusting, ridden with crime." Tuesday's gathering in the swing state — and in a competitive House district — was an official White House event, yet it seemed more like one of his signature campaign rallies that his chief of staff said he would hold regularly ahead of next year's midterms. But instead of being in an arena that could draw several thousand attendees, it was held in a conference center ballroom at the Mount Airy Casino Resort in Mount Pocono, a small town of about 3,000 residents. Voters starting to blame lasting inflation on Republicans Following dismal results for Republicans in last month's off-cycle elections, the White House has sought to convince voters that the economy will emerge stronger next year and that any anxieties over inflation have nothing to do with Trump. "They caused the high prices and we're bringing them down." As the president spoke, his party's political vulnerabilities were further seen as Miami voters chose Eileen Higgins to be their first Democratic mayor in nearly 30 years. Sponsor Message The president's reception in the county hosting his Tuesday rally showed he could still appeal to the base, but it was unable to settle questions of whether he could hold together his 2024 coalition. Monroe County flipped to Trump last year after having backed Biden in 2020, helping the Republican win the swing state of Pennsylvania and return to the White House after a four-year hiatus. toggle caption Matt Rourke/AP In Monroe County, people agree that prices are a problem But what seems undeniable — even to Trump supporters in Monroe County — is that inflation seems to be here to stay. Lou Heddy, a retired maintenance mechanic who voted for Trump last year, said he's noticed in the past month alone that his and his wife's grocery bills have risen from $175 to $200, and he's not sure Trump can bring food prices down. Sponsor Message Speaking to the crowd before Trump, Bresnahan said the administration was working to lower costs, but voters "aren't asking for partisan arguments — they're asking for results." It's not clear if Trump can motivate voters in Monroe County to show up in next year's election if they're worried about inflation. Nick Riley, 38, said he's cutting back on luxuries, like going out to eat, as he absorbs higher bills for food and electricity and is having a hard time finding a good deal on a used car. "We're all broke, and we're all feeling it." Trump to start holding more rallies before midterm elections White House chief of staff Susie Wiles said on the online conservative talk show "The Mom View" that Trump would be on the campaign trail next year to engage supporters who otherwise might sit out a congressional race. Wiles, who helped manage Trump's 2024 campaign, said most administrations try to localize midterm elections and keep the president out of the race, but she intends to do the opposite of that. "We're actually going to turn that on its head," Wiles said, "and put him on the ballot because so many of those low-propensity voters are Trump voters." The challenge for Trump is how to address the concerns of voters about the economy while simultaneously claiming that the economy is enjoying a historic boom. Asked on a Politico podcast how he'd rate the economy, Trump leaned into grade inflation by answering "A-plus," only to then amend his answer to "A-plus-plus-plus-plus-plus." Trump says economy is strong, but Americans should buy fewer dolls The U.S. But many Americans see the prices of housing, groceries, education, electricity and other basic needs as swallowing up their incomes, a dynamic that the Trump administration has said it expects to fade next year with more investments in artificial intelligence and manufacturing.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/democrat-wins-miami-mayors-race-time-30-years-128230833
Article: Democrat Eileen Higgins has won the Miami mayor’s race over a Republican endorsed by President Donald Trump Democrat wins Miami mayor’s race for the first time in nearly 30 years MIAMI -- Democrat Eileen Higgins won the Miami mayor’s race on Tuesday, defeating a Republican endorsed by President Donald Trump to end her party’s nearly three-decade losing streak and give Democrats a boost in one of the last electoral battles ahead of the 2026 midterms. She campaigned as a proud Democrat despite the race being officially nonpartisan and beat Trump-backed candidate Emilio Gonzalez, a former city manager, who said he called Higgins to congratulate her. The victory provides Democrats with some momentum heading into a high-stakes midterm election when the GOP is looking to keep its grip in Florida, including in a Hispanic-majority district in Miami-Dade County. “Tonight’s result is yet another warning sign to Republicans that voters are fed up with their out-of-touch agenda that is raising costs,” said Ken Martin, the chair of the Democratic National Committee, in a statement. Ruben Gallego and former Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel traveled to Miami on Sunday and Monday to rally voters for the Democrat who served as a Miami-Dade county commissioner for seven years. When she first entered politics in 2018, she chose to present herself to voters as “La Gringa,” a term Spanish speakers use for white Americans, because many people did not known how to pronounce her name. Republicans in Florida have found strong support from voters with heritage from Cuba, Venezuela and Nicaragua, because they likened some members of the Democratic party’s progressive wing with politicians from the governments they fled. However, some local Republicans are growing increasingly frustrated since November’s elections when Democrats scored wins in New Jersey and Virginia, where both winning gubernatorial candidates performed strongly with nonwhite voters. Maria Elvira Salazar, a Republican whose district is being targeted by Democrats and includes the city of Miami, called the elections elsewhere a “wake-up call.” She said Hispanics also want a secure border and a healthy economy but some relief for “those who have been here for years and do not have a criminal record.” “The Hispanic vote is not guaranteed,” Salazar said in a video posted on X last month. “Hispanics married President Trump, but they are only dating the GOP.” David Jolly, who is running to represent Democrats in the Florida governor's race next year, said the mayoral election was good news for Democrats in what used to be a battleground state.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/10/thailand-cambodia-border-clashes-enter-third-day-as-500000-flee-fighting?traffic_source=rss
Article: Fighting between Thailand and Cambodia has continued for a third day, with cross-border shelling and air raids forcing more than half a million civilians to flee their homes and seek shelter, according to authorities. Officials from the two Southeast Asian neighbours on Wednesday also accused each other of restarting the conflict that has killed at least 13 soldiers and civilians so far this week and led more than 500,000 people from both sides of the border to evacuate for safety. The Thai military also reported that rockets fired from Cambodia had landed near the Phanom Dong Rak Hospital in Surin on Wednesday morning, prompting patients and hospital staff to take cover in a bunker. Cambodianess, a website operated by the Cambodian Media Broadcasting Corporation, reported that Thai F-16 jets had attacked two areas in the country, while Thai shelling continued in three other areas. Al Jazeera’s Rob McBride, reporting from Surin province in Thailand, said the Thai military reported earlier on Wednesday that fighting took place in almost all of the provinces bordering Cambodia. Reporting from Oddar Meanchey in northwestern Cambodia, Al Jazeera’s Barnaby Lo said local people are moving to evacuation centres as the fighting has expanded to five border provinces with Thailand. At one camp housing some 10,000 displaced people, Lo said conditions are “far from ideal” with many people sheltering under makeshift tents of blue tarpaulin, while others do not even have materials to build shelters to protect from the heat and rain. “But the problem is that wherever they go, it seems like danger will follow them.” Lo added that Cambodia’s Senate President and former leader Hun Sen, who is the commander of the military, suggested retaliatory attacks on Thailand, and the conflict is unlikely to end quickly. This week’s clashes are the deadliest since five days of fighting in July that killed dozens and displaced some 300,000 people on both sides of the border before a shaky truce was agreed, following an intervention by United States President Donald Trump. Who else could say I’m going to make a phone call and stop a war of two very powerful countries, Thailand and Cambodia,” Trump said while speaking at a rally in the US state of Pennsylvania. Cambodia’s Defence Ministry also said on Tuesday that its troops had no choice but to take action, accusing Thailand of “indiscriminately and brutally targeting civilian residential areas” with artillery shells, allegations Bangkok rejected. In a further sign of worsening relations between the two countries, Cambodia announced on Wednesday that it was withdrawing from the Southeast Asian Games, which are currently being held in Thailand, citing “serious concerns”. Tensions have simmered between Bangkok and Phnom Penh since Thailand last month suspended de-escalation measures that were agreed at an October summit in Trump’s presence in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, after a Thai soldier was maimed by a landmine that Bangkok said was newly laid by Cambodia. The conflict between the two neighbours stems back to the colonial-era demarcation of their 800km (500-mile) frontier, and competing claims to historic temples along parts of the un-demarcated border, which have periodically spilled over into armed conflict.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c4gpvx3exglo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Humans cuddle up to meerkats in the monogamy rankings 31 minutes ago Share Save Helen Briggs Environment correspondent Share Save Getty Meerkats are incredibly social animals and live in large groups known as 'mobs' or 'clans' Humans are a bit like meerkats when it comes to pairing up, according to a study that examined the monogamous lifestyles of different species. Getty Chimpanzees are highly social and form strong bonds but have very different social structures from humans "There is a premier league of monogamy, in which humans sit comfortably, while the vast majority of other mammals take a far more promiscuous approach to mating," said Dr Mark Dyble at the University of Cambridge. Dr Dyble examined several human populations throughout history, calculating the proportions of full siblings – where individuals share the same mother and father – compared with half-siblings, individuals who share either a mother or a father, but not both. Getty Monogamy is prevalent in birds; such as swans, which form strong pairs However, being ranked alongside meerkats and beavers doesn't mean our societies are the same - human society is poles apart. "Although the rates of full siblings we see in humans are most similar to species like meerkats or beavers, the social system that we see in humans is very different," Dr Dyble told BBC News. We live in what we call multi-male, multi-female groups, within which we have these monogamous, or pair-bonded, units." Getty Soay sheep are the most promiscuous of all the animals studied

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/12/10/g-s1-101511/democrat-wins-miami-mayor-race
Article: Democrat wins Miami mayor's race for the first time in nearly 30 years toggle caption Lynne Sladky/AP MIAMI — Democrat Eileen Higgins won the Miami mayor's race on Tuesday, defeating a Republican endorsed by President Donald Trump to end her party's nearly three-decade losing streak and give Democrats a boost in one of the last electoral battles ahead of the 2026 midterms. She campaigned as a proud Democrat despite the race being officially nonpartisan and beat Trump-backed candidate Emilio Gonzalez, a former city manager, who said he called Higgins to congratulate her. The victory provides Democrats with some momentum heading into a high-stakes midterm election when the GOP is looking to keep its grip in Florida, including in a Hispanic-majority district in Miami-Dade County. toggle caption Rebecca Blackwell/AP "Tonight's result is yet another warning sign to Republicans that voters are fed up with their out-of-touch agenda that is raising costs," said Ken Martin, the chair of the Democratic National Committee, in a statement. Ruben Gallego and former Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel traveled to Miami on Sunday and Monday to rally voters for the Democrat who served as a Miami-Dade county commissioner for seven years. When she first entered politics in 2018, she chose to present herself to voters as "La Gringa," a term Spanish speakers use for white Americans, because many people did not known how to pronounce her name. Republicans' anxiety grows Republicans in Florida have found strong support from voters with heritage from Cuba, Venezuela and Nicaragua, because they likened some members of the Democratic party's progressive wing with politicians from the governments they fled. However, some local Republicans are growing increasingly frustrated since November's elections when Democrats scored wins in New Jersey and Virginia, where both winning gubernatorial candidates performed strongly with nonwhite voters. Maria Elvira Salazar, a Republican whose district is being targeted by Democrats and includes the city of Miami, called the elections elsewhere a "wake-up call." She said Hispanics also want a secure border and a healthy economy but some relief for "those who have been here for years and do not have a criminal record." "The Hispanic vote is not guaranteed," Salazar said in a video posted on X last month. "Hispanics married President Trump, but they are only dating the GOP." David Jolly, who is running to represent Democrats in the Florida governor's race next year, said the mayoral election was good news for Democrats in what used to be a battleground state.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/10/goldman-sachs-these-energy-stocks-outperforming-but-underappreciated.html
Article: Here's who saw the biggest gains and why: The U.K.'s Ceres Power Ceres Power saw gains of 38.4% in November following a licensing agreement with Chinese engine and energy firm Weichai Power, which Goldman rates as Buy. Patel said that the announcement provided visibility, "ending the funding debate and sees more regulatory clarity and scope to raise the leverage." However despite the strong performance, the investment bank took SSE off its Conviction List in December.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/10/cnbc-daily-open-a-fed-rate-cut-might-not-be-festive-enough.html
Article: However, given that traders are all but certain that the cut will happen — an 87.6% chance, to be exact, according to the CME FedWatch tool — the news is likely already priced into stocks by the market.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/10/where-in-the-world-are-wealth-and-income-most-unequal?traffic_source=rss
Article: Income is not much different, where the top 50 percent of earners take home more than 90 percent, while the poorest half of the world receives less than 10 percent of total income. In 2025, the wealthiest 10 percent of the world’s population owned 75 percent of global wealth, the middle 40 percent held 23 percent, and the bottom half controlled only 2 percent. Advertisement The poorest have made small gains, but these are overshadowed by the rapid accumulation at the very top, resulting in a world where a tiny minority holds extraordinary financial power, while billions still struggle for basic economic security. In 2025, the richest 10 percent of the world received 53 percent of global income, the middle 40 percent received 38 percent, and the bottom 50 percent earned just 8 percent. For example, if the world comprised 10 people and total global income was $100, then the richest person would receive $53, the next four people would collectively earn $38, and the remaining five people would divide $8 among them. In 2025, the average wealth of people in North America and Oceania, which the report has grouped together, stood at 338 percent of the world’s average, making it the wealthiest region globally. Europe and East Asia followed, remaining above the world average, while vast parts of sub-Saharan Africa, South Asia, Latin America and the Middle East remained far below the global average.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/iran-egypt-protest-role-in-2026-world-cup-pride-match-11184684
Article: Iran and Egypt have filed formal protests with FIFA after Seattle designated their upcoming game at the 2026 World Cup as a “Pride Match” to align with the city’s annual Pride weekend. The group-stage matchup, set for June 26 at Lumen Field, was placed on the schedule months after Seattle had announced its Pride-themed plans, prompting backlash from both countries, where homosexuality is criminalized. The Egyptian officials argued that the initiative would contradict the cultural and religious norms of both participants and urged the world soccer body to ensure the event remained focused solely on sport rather than local celebrations. Iran issued a similar objection, with Iranian Football Federation President Mehdi Taj criticizing Seattle’s designation as “unreasonable conduct that supports a specific group.” Iranian officials said they plan to notify FIFA of the broader diplomatic consequences.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cn5l1474yv7o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Ukraine 'ready for elections' if partners guarantee security, Zelensky says 20 minutes ago Share Save Mattea Bubalo Share Save Reuters Ukraine is "ready for elections", President Volodymyr Zelensky has said, after US President Donald Trump repeated claims Kyiv was "using war" to avoid holding them.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/football/articles/cjezk98ny81o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: "We are all massively influenced by our past - how we were raised, where we grew up," says Jurgen Klopp, who won every major trophy in English and European football while managing Salah at Anfield. You [only] have problems with Mo Salah if he is not playing or you take him off." Salah has been criticised by some for not giving more frequent media interviews before his intervention in the mixed zone at Leeds' Elland Road, particularly after defeats and poor performances. But he has often delivered calls to arms to fans on social media, external in difficult moments, and those who have played alongside him describe Salah as a man who refuses to give up and is capable of inspiring others.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/winning-numbers-drawn-tuesdays-mega-millions-128268195
Article: The winning numbers in Tuesday evening’s drawing of the "Mega Millions" game were: 19-32-41-49-66, Mega Ball: 6, Megaplier: The Associated Press By The Associated Press The winning numbers in Tuesday evening’s drawing of the "Mega Millions" game were: 19-32-41-49-66, Mega Ball: 6 (nineteen, thirty-two, forty-one, forty-nine, sixty-six, Mega Ball: six Estimated jackpot: $60 million For more lottery results, go to Jackpot.com | Order Lottery Tickets

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/supreme-court-hears-alabamas-appeal-execute-man-found-128267737
Article: The Supreme Court is taking up an appeal from Alabama, which wants to put to death a man who lower federal courts found is intellectually disabled and shielded from execution WASHINGTON -- The Supreme Court will hear arguments Wednesday in a case that could make it harder for convicted murderers to show their lives should be spared because they are intellectually disabled. The issue in Smith's case is what happens when a person has multiple IQ scores that are slightly above 70, which has been widely accepted as a marker of intellectual disability. The Supreme Court has held in cases in 2014 and 2017 that states should consider other evidence of disability in borderline cases because of the margin of error in IQ tests. Alabama Attorney General Steve Marshall said Smith hasn’t met his burden of showing an IQ of 70 or below, and the state wrote in its brief that the discussion of a holistic approach is an unjustified expansion of the Supreme Court rulings. Rights groups focused on disabilities wrote in a brief supporting Smith that "intellectual disability diagnoses based solely on IQ test scores are faulty and invalid.” Smith was convicted and sentenced to death for the 1997 beating death of Durk Van Dam in Mobile County. A federal judge in 2021 vacated Smith’s death sentence, though she acknowledged “this is a close case.” Alabama law defines intellectual disability as an IQ of 70 or below, along with significant or substantial deficits in adaptive behavior and the onset of those issues before the age of 18.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/rain-autumn-falls-irans-capital-drought-ravaged-nation-128268554
Article: First rain of autumn falls in Iran's capital, but the drought-ravaged nation needs far more TEHRAN, Iran -- Rain fell for the first time in months in Iran's capital Wednesday, providing a brief respite for the parched Islamic Republic as it suffers through the driest autumn in over a half century. The drought gripping Iran has seen its president warn the country it may need to move its government out of Tehran by the end of December if there's not significant rainfall to recharge dams around the capital. Meteorologists have described this fall as the driest in over 50 years across the country — from even before its 1979 Islamic Revolution — further straining a system that expends vast amounts of water inefficiently on agriculture. The water crisis has even become a political issue in the country, particularly as Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has repeatedly offered his country's help to Iran, a nation he launched a 12-day war against in June. Water shortages also have sparked localized protests in the past, something Iran has been trying to avoid as its economy struggles under the weight of international sanctions over its nuclear program. “The water crisis in Iran has, in recent years, escalated from a recurring drought issue into a profound political and security problem that has the regime leadership concerned,” the New York-based Soufan Center said. The drought has been a long subject of conversation across Tehran and wider Iran, from government officials openly discussing it with visiting journalists to people purchasing water tanks for their homes. Snowpack on the surrounding Alborz Mountains remains low as well, particularly after a summer that saw temperatures rise near 50 degrees Celsius (122 degrees Fahrenheit) in some areas of the country, forcing government buildings to shut down. In the past, Iranian officials have blamed their neighbors in part for their water shortage, with hard-line former President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad at one point falsely suggesting that “the enemy destroys the clouds that are headed towards our country and this is a war Iran will win.” But that's changed with the severity of the crisis leading to current President Masoud Pezeshkian warning the capital may need to be moved. Meanwhile, climate change likely has accelerated the droughts plaguing Iraq, which has seen the driest year on record since 1933, as well as Syria and Iran, said World Weather Attribution, a group of international scientists who study global warming’s role in extreme weather. With the climate warmed by 1.3 degrees Celsius (2.3 degrees Fahrenheit) due to fossil fuel burning, the severity of drought seen in Iran over the last year can be expected to return every 10 years, the group said. “The current acute crisis is part of a longer term water crisis in Iran and the wider region that results from a range of issues including, frequent droughts with increasing evaporation rates, water-intensive agriculture and unsustainable groundwater extraction,” World Weather Attribution said in a recent report. "These combined pressures contribute to chronic water stress in major urban centers including Tehran, reportedly at risk of severe water shortages and emergency rationing, while also straining agricultural productivity and heightening competition over scarce resources." ___ Gambrell reported from Dubai, United Arab Emirates.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/us-ambassador-ankara-trump-moving-closer-resolving-turkeys-128268936
Article: (AP Photo/Evan Vucci, File) FILE -President Donald Trump, right, shakes the hand of Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan during a meeting in the Oval Office of the White House, Sept. President Donald Trump and Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan has brought the countries closer to resolving issues that led to Turkey being kicked off the F-35 fighter jet program, the United States ambassador to Ankara said Wednesday. “The positive relationship between President Trump and President Erdogan has created a new atmosphere of cooperation, which has led to the most fruitful conversations we have had on this topic in nearly a decade,” Ambassador Tom Barrack wrote in a social media post. officials worried that Turkey’s use of Russia’s S-400 missile system could be used to gather data on the capabilities of the F-35 and that the information could end up in Russian hands. Barrack, who is also Trump’s special envoy for Syria, said there were “ongoing discussions with Türkiye regarding their desire to rejoin the F-35 program and their possession of the Russian-made S-400 air defense system.” Using the Turkish government’s preferred spelling for Turkey, he said the “positive relationship” between Trump and Erdogan had “created a new atmosphere of cooperation, which has led to the most fruitful conversations we have had on this topic in nearly a decade. “Our hope is that these talks will yield a breakthrough in the coming months that meets both the security requirements of the United States and Türkiye.” While it has been excluded from receiving F-35s, Turkey has been looking elsewhere to bolster its air force, including Eurofighter Typhoons and U.S.-made F-16s.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/venezuelan-opposition-leader-machado-attend-peace-prize-ceremony-128269258
Article: The head of the Nobel Institute has said Peace Prize winner María Corina Machado will not attend the awards ceremony in Oslo FILE - Opposition leader Maria Corina Machado displays vote tally sheets during a protest against the reelection of President Nicolas Maduro one month after the disputed presidential vote which she says the opposition won by a landslide, in Caracas, Venezuela, Wednesday, Aug. (AP Photo/Ariana Cubillos, file) FILE - Opposition leader Maria Corina Machado displays vote tally sheets during a protest against the reelection of President Nicolas Maduro one month after the disputed presidential vote which she says the opposition won by a landslide, in Caracas, Venezuela, Wednesday, Aug. (AP Photo/Ariana Cubillos, file) OSLO, Norway -- The head of the Nobel Institute said Peace Prize winner María Corina Machado will not attend the awards ceremony in Oslo on Wednesday. Institute director Kristian Berg Harpviken told public broadcaster NRK the Venezuelan opposition leader was not in the Norwegian capital on the day of the ceremony and her daughter will accept the prize on Machado’s behalf. 10, and she was described as a woman “who keeps the flame of democracy burning amid a growing darkness.” Machado won an opposition primary election and intended to challenge President Nicolás Maduro in last year’s presidential election, but the government barred her from running for office. human rights officials and many independent rights groups have expressed concerns about the situation in Venezuela, and called for Maduro to be held accountable for the crackdown on dissent that he intensified.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/post-assad-syrias-chaos-alawite-women-face-sexual-128268010
Article: A woman from Syria's Alawite minority has spoken about her harrowing experience of being kidnapped and raped by gunmen FILE - Members of the Alawite minority gather outside the Russian air base in Hmeimim, near Latakia in Syria's coastal region, March 11, 2025, as they seek refuge there after recent violence and retaliatory killings in the area. (AP Photo/Omar Albam, File) FILE - Members of the Alawite minority gather outside the Russian air base in Hmeimim, near Latakia in Syria's coastal region, March 11, 2025, as they seek refuge there after recent violence and retaliatory killings in the area. (AP Photo/Omar Albam, File) LATAKIA, Syria -- The woman, a member of Syria 's Alawite religious minority, was walking home on a sunny July day in her town on the Mediterranean coast when three gunmen stopped her and pulled her into their van. “You Alawite women were born to be our sabaya,” she said one of the rapists told her, using an Arabic term common among Sunni Muslim extremists for women taken in war as sex slaves. Since the fall of former Syrian President Bashar Assad a year ago, dozens of women from the Alawite religious sect — to which Assad belonged — have been subjected to kidnappings and sexual assault, according to rights groups. That has raised suspicions some are allies or former allies of Hayat Tahrir al-Sham, the Islamist insurgent force that overthrew Assad and was led by Ahmed al-Sharaa, now Syria’s interim president. Agnes Callamard, secretary-general of Amnesty International, said the kidnappings “cannot be denied.” The problem, she said, “cannot be pushed away because it’s disturbing or because it’s undermining the message and the image of authorities." Syria's Interior Ministry spokesman did not respond to repeated questions on the assaults. Others have targeted Alawites in revenge for atrocities against Sunnis during the 54-year rule of the Assad family, when there were widespread reports of sexual violence against women in detention centers. The attacks against women have intensified since March, when clashes between Assad supporters and security forces spiraled into sectarian atrocities in which hundreds of civilians were killed, mostly Alawites at the hands of pro-government fighters. The next day, the Iraqi told her that his “emir,” a term used by jihadis to refer to their leader, had decided to set her free “on the condition that you learn about Islam.” The next morning, he put her in the car with his wife and children.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/wireStory/georgia-democrat-eric-gisler-claims-upset-state-house-128266913
Article: Gisler said he was the winner of the contest, in which he was leading Republican Mack “Dutch” Guest by about 200 votes out of more than 11,000 in final unofficial returns. “A lot of what I would call traditional conservatives held their nose and voted Republican last year on the promise of low prices and whatever else they were selling," Gisler said. In Georgia in November, they romped to two blowouts in statewide special elections for the Public Service Commission, unseating two incumbent Republicans in campaigns driven by discontent over rising electricity costs. On Tuesday a Democrat defeated a Trump-endorsed Republican in the officially nonpartisan race for Miami mayor, becoming the first from his party to win the post in nearly 30 years. The race between Gisler and Guest in House District 121 in the Athens area northeast of Atlanta was held to replace Republican Marcus Wiedower, who was in the seat since 2018 but resigned in the middle of this term to focus on business interests. He campaigned on improving health care, increasing affordability and reinvesting Georgia's surplus funds Guest is the president of a trucking company and touted his community ties, promising to improve public safety and cut taxes.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/wireStory/georgia-considers-rules-hand-marked-ballots-election-emergencies-128267736
Article: Georgia's State Election Board is considering a rule to define when emergency hand-marked paper ballots are needed instead of machine-marked ones ATLANTA -- Hand-marked paper ballots are Georgia’s backup when touchscreen voting machines can’t be used because of an “emergency,” and a proposed rule change would list the qualifying circumstances. Jeanne Dufort, a county Democratic official and an author of the bipartisan proposal, said the definitions provide a “critical guideline” to help officials decide when the touchscreen machines cannot be used. Critics say the proposed rule runs afoul of a Georgia Supreme Court ruling earlier this year that said the State Election Board can pass rules to “implement and enforce” election laws, but cannot “go beyond, change or contradict” the laws. “The rule cites state and federal provisions that are designed to protect ballot access and voter verification, but it really reinterprets them to justify halting the use of approved and certified equipment," said Kristin Nabers, state director for All Voting is Local. "The statutes were never intended to give the power to invalidate voting systems.” After expressing concern about the proposal, Sara Tindall Ghazal, the lone Democrat and only lawyer on the board, worked with its drafters on the language. “I think it goes beyond the scope of what the legislature intended to consider impossible or impracticable, which I see as unexpected circumstances that arise fairly suddenly and not the underlying conditions,” she said. There is “nothing in these definitions that isn’t in Georgia law currently,” she said, adding that they just put everything in one place “in plain English.” Georgia's election system was implemented statewide ahead of the 2020 primary elections. Manufactured by Dominion Voting Systems, which was bought earlier this year by Liberty Vote, it includes touchscreen voting machines that print paper ballots featuring a human-readable list of voters’ selections and a QR code that a scanner reads to count votes. But even before that, some election integrity activists had argued voters can't be sure their votes are accurately recorded because they can't read the QR code and that the voting machines' large, upright screens violate the right to ballot secrecy. The proposed rule defines “impossible” as meaning “voting equipment cannot be used at a polling place due to conditions beyond the reasonable control of election officials, or because its use would be unlawful under federal or state law.” Along with things like power loss or mechanical failure, the list of qualifying circumstances includes “the failure of the voting equipment to allow each voter to read and verify, in a human-readable format, the official votes on the ballot he or she intends to cast” and “the failure of the system to be reasonably possible of being deployed in a polling place to protect the absolute secrecy of the ballot.” “Impracticable” is defined as meaning voting on the machines "cannot reasonably be carried out without jeopardizing voters’ ability to cast a timely, secure, accurate, or secret ballot.” That includes the inability to arrange machines “to protect the absolute secrecy of the ballot." Both definitions include in their lists of circumstances a determination by the State Election Board, secretary of state or a court that the voting equipment “violates state or federal law” or is impossible or impracticable to use for an election.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Business/wireStory/chinas-tencent-quits-paramounts-bid-warner-bros-avert-128269029
Article: Chinese gaming and social media giant Tencent Holdings has withdrawn from Paramount Skydance Corp.'s bid to buy Warner Bros Discovery BANGKOK -- Chinese gaming and social media giant Tencent Holdings has withdrawn from Paramount Skydance Corp.‘s bid to buy Warner Bros Discovery, according to a revised filing of its takeover bid by Paramount with the U.S. The SEC filing, dated Monday, said that foreign sovereign wealth funds of Saudi Arabia, Abu Dhabi and Qatar, which are providing $24 billion for Paramount’s bid, had agreed to give up a right to participate in Warner Bros’ management to avoid the additional scrutiny. Under former President Joe Biden as well as President Donald Trump, the Treasury Department has sought to strengthen its powers as national security concerns related to foreign investment have increased. It is the world's largest equity investor in online games and a major entertainment and social media company, operating the WeChat messaging and payments service in popular China and with Chinese emigrants abroad.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Business/wireStory/southeast-asia-embraces-offshore-wind-power-trump-bashes-128267187
Article: DELGADO Associated Press and ANIRUDDHA GHOSAL Associated Press FILE -Participants wear wind turbine headgear to raise peoples awareness on renewable energy, fix their costumes during the Global Day of Action Against Climate Change ,Dec. (AP Photo/Pat Roque, File) FILE -Participants wear wind turbine headgear to raise peoples awareness on renewable energy, fix their costumes during the Global Day of Action Against Climate Change ,Dec. Offshore wind, which uses turbines installed in the sea, is set to grow rapidly because it can harness stronger, steadier ocean winds to generate clean electricity, the International Energy Agency says. Those moves could turn Southeast Asia into a model for other developing nations seeking to use wind energy as an alternative to fossil fuels, said Rebecca Williams, with the Global Wind Energy Council. The White House has halted construction on major offshore wind farms, revoked and paused permits, canceled plans to use large areas of federal waters for wind energy and cut $679 million in federal funding for a dozen projects — a complete reversal from former President Joe Biden's Administration. Energy Secretary Sharon Garin said that shifted offshore wind power from “potential to reality,” with clear rules and plans for how wind farms will connect to the grid, which ports they'll use and how equipment will be moved. Filipino corporation ACEN partnered with Denmark's Copenhagen Infrastructure Partners in May to co-develop the nation’s first large-scale offshore wind project, aiming for up to 1 gigawatts in the central Philippine province of Camarines Sur. Copenhagen Infrastructure Partners is working with state-owned PetroVietnam on an offshore wind project in south-central Vietnam and Germany’s PNE AG is planning a $4.6 billion, 2-gigawatt farm in Binh Dinh province.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Technology/wireStory/south-korea-require-advertisers-label-ai-generated-ads-128268838
Article: South Korea will require advertisers to label their ads made with artificial intelligence technologies from next year as it seeks to curb a surge of deceptive promotions featuring fabricated experts or deep-faked celebrities endorsing food or pharmaceu... (Lee Jeong-hoon/Yonhap via AP) SEOUL, South Korea -- South Korea will require advertisers to label their ads made with artificial intelligence technologies from next year as it seeks to curb a surge of deceptive promotions featuring fabricated experts or deep-faked celebrities endorsing food or pharmaceutical products on social media. Following a policy meeting chaired by Prime Minister Kim Min-seok on Wednesday, officials said they will ramp up screening and removal of problematic AI-generated ads and impose punitive fines, citing growing risks to consumers — especially older people who struggle to tell whether content is AI-made. Lee Dong-hoon, director of economic and financial policy at the Office for Government Policy Coordination, said in a briefing that such ads are “disrupting the market order,” and that “swift action is now essential.” “Anyone who creates, edits, and posts AI-generated photos or videos will be required to label them as AI-made, and the users of the platform will be prohibited from removing or tampering with those labels,” he said. AI-generated ads using digitally fabricated experts or deepfake videos and audios of celebrities, promoting everything from weight-loss pills and cosmetics to illegal gambling sites, have become staples across the South Korean spaces of YouTube, Facebook and other social media platforms. The government will seek to revise the telecommunications act and other related laws so the AI-labeling requirement, along with strengthened monitoring and punitive measures, can take effect in early 2026. South Korea’s Food and Drug Safety Ministry identified more than 96,700 illegal online ads of food and pharmaceutical products in 2024 and 68,950 through September this year, up from around 59,000 in 2023. The problem is also spreading into areas such as private education, cosmetics and illegal gambling services, leaving the Korea Consumer Agency and other watchdogs struggling to keep pace, the Government Policy Coordination Office said. A Seoul court last month sentenced a 33-year-old man to life in prison for running an online blackmail ring that sexually exploited or abused more than 200 victims, including many minors who were threatened with deepfakes and other manipulated sexual images and videos. 2 official behind President Lee Jae Myung, said during the policy meeting that it’s crucial to “minimize the side effects of new technologies” as the country embraces the “AI era.” The plans to label AI-generated ads were announced as Lee, in a separate meeting with business leaders, reiterated his government’s ambitions for AI, pledging national efforts to strengthen South Korea’s capabilities in advanced computer chips that power the global AI race. Government plans include more research and development spending on AI-specific chips and other advanced semiconductor products as well as expanding the country’s chip manufacturing hubs beyond metropolitan areas near the capital city of Seoul to the southern regions. The science and telecommunications ministry also said Wednesday it will require the country’s wireless carriers to transition to 5G standalone networks, which are seen as optimal for advanced AI applications because of their higher bandwidth and lower latency, as a condition for renewing their 3G and LTE licenses.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/world/south-america/nobel-peace-laureate-maria-corina-machado-will-not-attend-ceremony-rcna248341
Article: María Corina Machado, the Venezuelan opposition leader who was awarded this year’s Nobel Peace Prize, will not attend the ceremony in Oslo on Wednesday, the director of the Norwegian Nobel Institute said, adding that he did not know where she was. Asked where she was, Harpviken said: “I don’t know.” Machado, 58, has been barred from leaving Venezuela for more than a decade and has spent more than a year in hiding since Venezuelan President Nicolás Maduro declared victory in an election last year that was widely criticized as rigged.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/jacob-lee-bard-named-suspect-kentucky-state-university-shooting-11184706
Article: Scott Tracy, Frankfort's assistant chief of police, said at a news conference Tuesday evening that Bard had been taken into custody and booked on charges of murder and first-degree assault. Kentucky Governor Andy Beshear said in a video message posted on X that the shooting "appears to be an isolated incident." "Violence has no place in our commonwealth or country.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cwywrej4xepo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Kate Winslet says her family never, ever watch The Holiday 39 minutes ago Share Save Colin Paterson Entertainment correspondent Share Save Sony Pictures via Alamy For many families, it has become an annual Christmas tradition – gathering together to watch The Holiday. The romantic comedy from 2006 told the tale of two broken-hearted women, played by Kate Winslet and Cameron Diaz, arranging a Transatlantic house-swap to help them make it through Christmas. It's something you kind of have to go through." The subject has come up because Kate Winslet is talking to the BBC about her first Christmas film for almost 20 years, Goodbye June. People have been finding it very, very uplifting." Netflix Winslet is making her directorial debut 'Learnt everything' Not only does she star opposite Dame Helen Mirren, Timothy Spall, Andrea Riseborough and Stephen Merchant (a thank you for her famous turn in Extras), but this is her directorial debut. After a decade of considering making a move behind the camera, and people asking her why she had not, Winslet decided that she finally had the space to do so. "Now is a time when I've felt that my children are grown up enough that I can be that little more absent, just mentally absent," explains the Oscar, Emmy and Grammy-winner. "I just don't think I would have honestly had the time before now, because I've been a mum since I was 25 and that's obviously been my priority alongside acting, and that was already a bit of a juggle." She insists she would not have done it if she was not ready. Do we really know what we are doing with the camera?' "But I've been in front of cameras for 33 years, so sort of, by osmosis, [you] learn the technical side of it. I do really feel at this time in my life I have learnt everything." 'Perfectly capable' Last year, when it came to the top 100 films at the UK box office, 16 were directed or co-directed by women, 84 by men. Actually, we're incredibly forward thinking, incredibly resilient, we can cope extremely well with very little sleep and we get things done." Scarlett Johansson, Kristen Stewart and Zoë Kravitz have all recently made their directorial debuts, while Dakota Johnson is another actress set to do so soon. Winslet has worked with some of the most successful directors in movie history; James Cameron, Peter Jackson and Jane Campion, but she says her biggest influence has been Australian Jocelyn Moorehouse, whose films include Proof, How to Make an American Quilt, and The Dressmaker, in which Winslet starred. It's been quite hard for her to carve her own path, so I was very inspired by her determination." And Winslet hopes that her choice to direct, will inspire a new generation. "I certainly felt that in making the decision to direct now, at this time in my life - I turned 50 this year - it felt meaningful to me, to be actively participating in hopefully changing that culture," she says. "If there is more of us doing it then hopefully more will follow and we'll be giving across the message that we are perfectly capable of doing that job just as well as the men." 'Nepo baby term silly' Netflix Joe Anders and his mum Kate Winslet have worked together before on war drama Lee

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/football/articles/cp39veeld5vo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: It could have been a penalty, but the way the Germany international went down counted against him, because it gave the impression of an unnatural fall compared to the extent of the shirt pull. He said: "If I get asked about it, and I do speak to my counterparts all the time, I am quick to point out that we are here to apply the Laws of the Game.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/articles/ce9134zm1j9o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: But, in trying to carb-load to perform at the highest level, Britain's four-time world champion across a range of Ironman and triathlon disciplines says she was "actually poisoning" her body in the process. But that all changed in 2024 when she received a "game-changing diagnosis" of coeliac disease, an autoimmune condition whereby consuming gluten causes the body's immune system to attack internal organs, including the small intestine.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/formula1/articles/cj38l751k4xo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: The engines remain 1.6-litre V6 turbo hybrids but the MGU-H, which recovers energy from the exhaust and turbo, has been removed, while the proportion of power produced by the hybrid part of the engine has been more or less doubled to about 50%.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/us-military-flies-2-fighter-jets-gulf-venezuela-128262280
Article: military has flown a pair of fighter jets over the Gulf of Venezuela in what appears to be the closest American warplanes have come to the South American country’s airspace since the start of the Trump administration’s pressure campaign US military flies 2 fighter jets over the Gulf of Venezuela as scrutiny grows Defense Secretary Pete Hegseth listens during news conference with Australia's Deputy Prime Minister and Defense Minister Richard Marles, Australia's Foreign Minister Penny Wong and Secretary of State Marco Rubio at the State Department, Monday, Dec. (AP Photo/Mark Schiefelbein) Defense Secretary Pete Hegseth listens during news conference with Australia's Deputy Prime Minister and Defense Minister Richard Marles, Australia's Foreign Minister Penny Wong and Secretary of State Marco Rubio at the State Department, Monday, Dec. military flew a pair of fighter jets over the Gulf of Venezuela on Tuesday in what appears to be the closest American warplanes have come to the South American country's airspace since the start of the Trump administration's pressure campaign. Navy F/A-18 fighter jets fly over the Gulf — a body of water bounded by Venezuela and only about 150 miles at its widest point — and spend more than 30 minutes flying over water. military has taken as it has built up its largest presence in the region in decades and launched a series of deadly strikes on alleged drug-smuggling boats in the Caribbean Sea and eastern Pacific Ocean. The Trump administration is facing increasing scrutiny from lawmakers over the boat strike campaign, which has killed at least 87 people in 22 known strikes since early September, including a follow-up strike that killed two survivors clinging to the wreckage of a boat after the first hit. Flightradar24, one of the websites that allowed the public to see the jets flying in real time, said the planes were the most tracked flights on its site at the time.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/rod-paige-nations-african-american-serve-secretary-education-128264412
Article: (AP Photo/Terry Ashe, File) Rod Paige, an educator, coach and administrator who rolled out the nation's landmark No Child Left Behind law as the first African American to serve as U.S. Under Paige’s leadership, the Department of Education implemented No Child Left Behind policy that in 2002 became Bush’s signature education law and was modeled on Paige’s previous work as a schools superintendent in Houston. “Unsatisfied with the status quo, he challenged what we called ‘the soft bigotry of low expectations.’ Rod worked hard to make sure that where a child was born didn’t determine whether they could succeed in school and beyond.” Roderick R. After moving to Houston in the mid-1970s to become head coach of Texas Southern University, Paige pivoted from the playing field to the classroom and education — first as a teacher, and then as administrator and eventually the dean of its college of education from 1984 to 1994. Amid growing public recognition of his pursuit of educational excellence, Paige rose to become superintendent of the Houston Independent School District, then one of the largest school districts in the country. Bush — who later would dub himself the “Education President" — frequently praised Paige on the campaign trail for the Houston reforms he called the “Texas Miracle." And once Bush won election, he tapped Paige to be the nation's top education official. In fact, that may be our greatest gift: expecting them to achieve, and then supporting them in their efforts to achieve.” While some educators applauded the law for standardizing expectations regardless of student race or income, others complained for years about what they consider a maze of redundant and unnecessary tests and too much “teaching to the test” by educators. In 2015, House and Senate lawmakers agreed to pull back many provisions from “No Child Left Behind,” shrinking the Education Department's role in setting testing standards and preventing the federal agency from sanctioning schools that fail to improve. That year, then-President Barack Obama signed the sweeping education law overhaul, ushering in a new approach to accountability, teacher evaluations and the way the most poorly performing schools are pushed to improve. After serving as education secretary, Paige returned to Jackson State University a half century after he was a student there, serving as the interim president in 2016 at the age of 83. In an opinion piece appearing in the Houston Chronicle in 2024, Paige lifted up the city that helped propel him to national prominence, urging readers to “look to Houston not just for inspiration, but for hard-won lessons about what works, what doesn’t and what it takes to shake up a stagnant system.”

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/wireStory/trumps-peace-deals-risk-fighting-surges-congo-cambodia-128265194
Article: At least two of several agreements aimed at ending global conflicts that President Donald Trump has hailed as evidence of his negotiating prowess are in trouble and at risk of collapsing Two of Trump's peace deals at risk as fighting surges in Congo and at Cambodia-Thailand border President Donald Trump arrives for a signing ceremony with Rwanda's President Paul Kagame and Democratic Republic of Congo President Felix-Antoine Tshisekedi at the U.S. (AP Photo/Evan Vucci) WASHINGTON -- At least two of several agreements aimed at ending global conflicts that President Donald Trump has hailed as evidence of his negotiating prowess are in trouble and at risk of collapsing. Less than a week after Congo and Rwanda signed a deal in Trump’s presence in Washington that was meant to halt fighting in eastern Congo, and less than two months after he witnessed Cambodia and Thailand sign a ceasefire pact in Malaysia to end their border conflict, fighting has surged in both places. The developments have caused international alarm, which on Tuesday resulted in urgent calls to halt the renewed violence from countries involved in the African Great Lakes region and from U.S. In each case, the statements urged the combatants to live up to their commitments in the deals that Trump has touted in part as the rationale for casting himself as the “president of peace.” Trump late Tuesday expressed confidence that once again he could end the fighting between Cambodia and Thailand. “Who else could say, ‘I’m going to make a phone call and stop a war of two very powerful countries, Thailand and Cambodia?’” A joint statement released by the International Contact Group for the Great Lakes expressed “profound concern” over the situation in Congo’s South Kivu region, where new deadly violence blamed on the Rwandan-backed M23 militia group has exploded in recent days. “The ICG urges the M23 and the Rwanda Defence Force (RDF) to immediately halt their offensive operations in eastern DRC, in particular in South Kivu, and calls on the RDF to withdraw from eastern DRC and on M23 to return to its positions” as stipulated in multiple agreements that culminated in the signing of a deal in Washington on Thursday with Presidents Felix Tshisekedi of Congo and Paul Kagame of Rwanda. He added, “Today, we’re succeeding where so many others have failed.” The Great Lakes contact group — which includes Belgium, Britain, Denmark, France, Germany, the Netherlands, Sweden, Switzerland, the United States and the European Union — urged all sides “to uphold their commitments” under the deal signed last week and “immediately de-escalate the situation.” The State Department, using an acronym for the Democratic Republic of Congo, said the U.S. “is deeply concerned by the ongoing violence in eastern DRC, driving displacement and inflicting suffering on countless families.” “The Trump administration continues to advance its diplomatic engagement on this important issue, working to ensure the full implementation of the recently signed agreements and restore stability on the ground,” it said. is concerned by an uptick in fighting between Cambodia and Thailand along their contested border, just over a month after the two countries signed an agreement in Malaysia that was pushed for by Trump. A senior Trump administration official, who was not authorized to comment publicly and spoke on condition of anonymity, said the president expected Thailand and Cambodia, as well as Rwanda and Congo, to “honor their commitments” to halt the violence. The official says the administration is monitoring the situation in Congo closely and that Trump has told both sides he is expecting “immediate results.” Trump has repeatedly cited seven or eight agreements, including these two, as proof of his success in ending conflicts, although another one — an internationally endorsed plan to end the Israel-Hamas war in Gaza — is still not finalized and in limbo, with sporadic fighting continuing while a critical second phase remains a work in progress. Other deals Trump has been involved with and claimed as successes include those between India and Pakistan, Armenia and Azerbaijan, Israel and Iran, Kosovo and Serbia, and Egypt and Ethiopia.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Business/wireStory/asian-benchmarks-decline-investors-anticipate-us-rate-cut-128266609
Article: Asian shares are mostly lower, trading in a narrow range ahead of a Federal Reserve meeting that’s expected to result in the third cut to interest rates this year Currency traders watch monitors near a screen showing the Korea Composite Stock Price Index (KOSPI) at the foreign exchange dealing room of the Hana Bank headquarters in Seoul, South Korea, Wednesday, Dec. (AP Photo/Ahn Young-joon) Currency traders watch monitors near a screen showing the Korea Composite Stock Price Index (KOSPI) at the foreign exchange dealing room of the Hana Bank headquarters in Seoul, South Korea, Wednesday, Dec. (AP Photo/Ahn Young-joon) TOKYO -- Asian shares were mostly lower, trading in a narrow range ahead of a Federal Reserve meeting later Wednesday that's expected to result in the third cut to interest rates this year. Inflation has stubbornly remained above the Fed’s 2% target, and Fed officials are notably split in their opinions about whether high inflation or the slowing job market is the bigger threat to the economy.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Technology/wireStory/japan-issued-advisory-megaquake-countrys-north-128264134
Article: Japan has issued a megaquake advisory after a magnitude 7.5 earthquake struck off the eastern coast of Aomori, the northernmost prefecture on the main island Why Japan issued an advisory for a possible megaquake in the country's north This aerial photo shows a vehicle sitting on a damaged road in Tohoku town, Aomori prefecture, northern Japan Tuesday, Dec. (Kyodo News via AP) TOKYO -- Japan issued a megaquake advisory Tuesday after a magnitude 7.5 earthquake struck off the eastern coast of Aomori, the northernmost prefecture of Japan's main island of Honshu, and just south of the northern island of Hokkaido. But there’s hope the advisory will serve as a wake-up call for a quake that could have the devastation of the 2011 disaster that killed nearly 20,000 people and destroyed a nuclear plant. The southern half of Japan's Pacific coastline received a “Nankai Trough” megaquake advisory in the summer of 2024, but the ambiguity of that warning led to panic buying of emergency food, event cancellations and business closures. In explaining the advisory, the JMA said the magnitude 9.0 quake on March 11, 2011, that devastated large swaths of Japan's northern coast occurred two days after a magnitude 7.3 temblor that occurred at the Japan Trench off the eastern coast of Iwate, one of the hardest-hit areas in that disaster as well as in Monday's quake. Another offshore megaquake in the Hokkaido-Sanriku area could cause up to a 30-meter (98-foot) tsunami in the region, kill as many as 199,000 people, destroy up to 220,000 houses and buildings, and cause estimated economic damages of up to 31 trillion yen ($198 billion), according to an estimate by the government. Japan's separate advisory for an even more damaging megaquake stemming from the Nankai Trough, which affects the southern half of Japan's Pacific coast, was activated for the first time last August after a magnitude 7.1 quake occurred off the eastern coast of Miyazaki. In a 2013 damage estimate for a possible Nankai Trough megaquake, the government said a magnitude 9.1 quake could generate a tsunami exceeding 10 meters (33 feet) within minutes, killing as many as 323,000 people, destroying more than 2 million buildings and causing economic damage exceeding 200 trillion yen ($1.28 trillion) in the region. Officials are stressing that the latest advisory has no prediction for any megaquake happening at any specific time or location, a Cabinet official for disaster prevention, Tsukasa Morikubo, told a news conference early Tuesday. Many people postponed planned trips and rushed to stock up on rice, dried noodles, bottled water and portable toilets, leaving shelves empty at many supermarkets in western Japan and even Tokyo, which is outside of the at-risk area.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Technology/wireStory/social-media-ban-children-16-starts-australia-128267705
Article: (AP Photo/Rick Rycroft) MELBOURNE, Australia -- Australian Prime Minister Anthony Albanese welcomed a world-first social media ban for children younger than 16 that took effect Wednesday as families taking back power from tech giants but warned the implementation would be difficult. “This is the day when Australian families are taking back power from these big tech companies and they’re asserting the right of kids to be kids and for parents to have greater peace of mind,” Albanese told the Australian Broadcasting Corp. But also for the global community, who are looking at Australia and saying: well, if Australia can do it, why can’t we?” Albanese later told a gathering of reform supporters at his official Sydney residence, including parents who blame social media for a child’s suicide. Facebook, Instagram, Kick, Reddit, Snapchat, Threads, TikTok, X, YouTube and Twitch face fines of up to 49.5 million Australian dollars ($32.9 million) from Wednesday if they fail to take reasonable steps to remove the accounts of Australian children younger than 16. Communications Minister Anika Wells said the age-restricted platforms “may not agree with the law and that’s their right — we don’t expect 100% universal support," but that all had undertaken to comply with the Australian law. “Just because they might have avoided it (detection) today doesn’t mean they will be able to avoid it in a week’s time or a month’s time because social media platforms have to go back and routinely check under-16 accounts,” Wells said. “These social media platforms have so much data on us because we choose to give it to them because we like social media and because you’ve had your older brother scan their face for you today, which has bought you a bit of time, doesn’t mean that these accounts aren’t going to see you talking to other 14-year-olds tonight about the under-16 soccer carnival on weekend, about your upcoming school holidays and what your Year 10 teacher is next year,” she added. Wayne Holdsworth, who became an age restriction advocate because his son Mac took his own life after falling victim to an online sextortion scam, described the new law as a start. “This ban is bold and brave and I believe it will help kids like me to grow up healthier, safer, kinder and more connected to the real world,” Flossie said. The platforms’ age verification options were to ask for copies of identification documents, use a third party to apply age estimation technology to analyze an account holder’s face, or make inferences from data already available such has how long an account has been held, Kind said.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Entertainment/wireStory/sarkozy-describes-prison-stay-advises-appealing-new-book-128268736
Article: Sarkozy describes his prison stay and advises on appealing to the far right in his new book PARIS -- Former French President Nicolas Sarkozy described the prison where he spent 20 days as a noisy, harsh “all-grey” world of “inhuman violence" in a book released Wednesday that also offered political advice about how his conservative party should appeal to far-right voters. In “Diary of a Prisoner,” the 70-year-old says his own tough-on-crime stance has taken on a new perspective as he recounts the uncommon turn in his life after being found guilty of criminal association in financing his winning 2007 campaign with funds from Libya. Sarkozy, known for his tough rhetoric on punishing criminals, said he promised himself that “upon my release, my comments would be more elaborate and nuanced than what I had previously expressed on all these topics.” Beyond recounting prison life, Sarkozy used the book to offer strategic political advice for his conservative Republicans party and revealed he spoke by phone from prison with far-right leader Marine Le Pen, once a fierce rival. “We do not share the same ideas when it comes to economic policy, we do not share the same history … and I note that there may still be some problematic figures among them. But they represent so many French people, respect the results of the elections and participate in the functioning of our democracy.” Sarkozy argued that the reconstruction of his weakened Republicans party “can only be achieved through the broadest possible spirit of unity.” The Republicans party has in recent years been moving away from a position held among parties for decades that any electoral strategy must be aimed at containing the far right, even if it means losing a district to another competitor. Still, political analyst Roland Cayrol said Sarkozy's comments came like “a thunderclap” in the decades-long position of French conservatives that the National Rally doesn't "share the same values” and “no electoral alliance is possible” with the far right. In the wake of Sarkozy's comments, the Republicans' top officials have stopped short of calling for any actual cooperation deal with the National Rally, but instead indicated they want to focus on ways to get far-right voters to choose conservative candidates. Last year, France's top court upheld an appeals court decision that had found Sarkozy guilty of trying to bribe a magistrate in exchange for information about legal proceedings in which he was involved.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/features/2025/12/10/possible-rise-in-maternal-deaths-how-usaid-cuts-strand-malawis-mothers?traffic_source=rss
Article: The facility is one of 13 in the district, located within a seminomadic, predominantly agricultural community 65km (40 miles) east of Blantyre, Malawi’s commercial capital, near the Mulanje mountain range. Health posts like this are facing closure – 20 have already shuttered in the country – due to the Trump administration cutting United States Agency for International Development (USAID) funding in February. The United Nations Population Fund (UNFPA) still provides technical and financial support to several remote districts for maternal and newborn health, but the available resources are not enough to cover the sites funded by MOMENTUM. In the wake of Trump’s funding cuts, health experts in Malawi have raised urgent concerns that new mothers and children will face the greatest impact, with many lives potentially lost as a result. We can’t help those who need the services the most.” Massitive Matekenya, a community leader for the Musa community in Mulanje district, dressed in a black blazer and oversized chequered-green tie, is at the vacant Mulanje health post. “That puts baby and mother in jeopardy with the potential of the mother bleeding out.” Matekenya struggles to boost morale as he is constantly faced with community anger over the fact that medical outreach has ended. “She had no quick referral to the nearest health facility due to issues of transport,” Matekenya says, noting that the community reached out to a politician but that his assistance came too late. “With family planning services not being offered any more, we are expecting to see a spike in pregnancies, and we are anticipating a possible rise in maternal deaths.” Impact on fistula care In a health clinic in Malawi’s capital, Lilongwe, a woman dressed in black with a golden brooch shuffles from hall to hall. Wearing a grey “Freedom from Fistula Foundation” T-shirt, the 36-year-old mother of four crosses her arms and gazes towards the floor as she talks about being ostracised after she gave birth and developed a fistula. “My family told me to go to a traditional healer, but he wasn’t able to help.” Jeffrey could deal with the physical pain, but she was tormented by the negative interactions with friends and family. “Some women have lived with a fistula for so long they don’t believe they can be repaired, and they have already given up, but I am able to help them.” Lessons from the past: ‘We didn’t panic’ Although health experts are worried about the future of a system without USAID in a country where more than 70 percent of the population lives below the poverty line, government leaders say they have been there before. “We looked at areas where we could maximise resources, so for example if an officer goes to a community to do immunisations, they can now provide family planning services in the same trip too.” Sitting in his office in the Lilongwe City Council building behind an organised desk, Mndolo discusses the challenges. “We are looking now to push towards a health system that is more community-based and not necessarily hospital-based.” In such a system, doctors and health workers from central hospitals would be dispatched more to remote communities, and regular community outreach would become part of their remit, requiring them to perform a wider array of services. This will take some time, but once we get a hold of that as a nation, we can be better with time; that is the opportunity that is there for us.” Despite such reassurance, those in remote communities say they feel isolated.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/liveblog/2025/12/10/live-israel-5?traffic_source=rss
Article: blinking-dot Live updates Live updates, LIVE: Gaza braces for Storm Byron with hundreds of thousands in tents Flash floods, strong winds and hail are likely to hit the enclave today, lasting until Friday evening.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/gallery/2025/12/10/cambodia-thailand-border-clashes-send-half-a-million-into-shelters?traffic_source=rss
Article: At least 13 people, including Thai soldiers and Cambodian civilians, have been killed in the latest spate of fighting, now in its third day on Wednesday, officials said, while more than 500,000 have fled border regions where jets, tanks and drones are waging battle. On Wednesday, Cambodia withdrew from the Southeast Asian Games, hosted by Thailand, with its Olympic committee “citing serious concerns and requests from the families of our athletes for their relatives to return home immediately”.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/10/miami-mayoral-election-results-what-we-know-about-eileen-higgins-win?traffic_source=rss
Article: Miami voters on Tuesday elected Democrat Eileen Higgins as mayor, ending a nearly three-decade dry spell for her party after she defeated a Republican endorsed by Donald Trump in the predominantly Hispanic city. While the election was officially nonpartisan, the race took on national significance, pitting Higgins against Republican Emilio Gonzalez, a former Miami city manager, in a contest closely watched by both parties. Recommended Stories list of 1 item list 1 of 1 Democrat Eileen Higgins wins Miami mayoral election, defeats Trump’s pick end of list The win comes in the wake of recent electoral success achieved by the Democratic Party ahead of next year’s midterm elections. “Together, we turned the page on years of chaos and corruption and opened the door to a new era for our city.” Higgins’ victory adds to a run of recent Democratic wins, including races in New Jersey and Virginia, as the party looks towards the 2026 midterms. Miami Mayor Fully reported unofficial results: 🔵 Eileen Higgins – 21,550 (59.3%) 🔴 Emilio Gonzalez – 14,799 (40.7%) ⬅️ 19% swing left from the 2024 presidential election pic.twitter.com/nwnrCnn7Gr — VoteHub (@VoteHub) December 10, 2025 What are some of the key issues of this campaign? “She wants to put a skyscraper in every corner … then calling it affordable housing, which is a misnomer, because very rarely is it truly affordable.” During a speech in Pennsylvania on Tuesday, Trump raised the issue of affordability, which Democrats have highlighted. The cost of living has been on the election campaign agenda in recent gubernatorial and mayoral elections in which Democrats have made gains, including the much-publicised New York mayoral election. Born in Ohio and raised in Albuquerque, New Mexico, she earned a Bachelor of Science in mechanical engineering from the University of New Mexico and later completed an MBA at Cornell University. She later served as Peace Corps country director in Belize and went on to work as a foreign service officer for the United States Department of State, where her portfolio included diplomatic and economic development efforts in countries such as Mexico and South Africa.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/video/newsfeed/2025/12/10/australian-pm-12-year-old-activist-welcome-social-media-ban?traffic_source=rss
Article: NewsFeed Australian PM & 12-year-old activist welcome social media ban Australia’s Prime Minister Anthony Albanese was joined by 12-year-old campaigner Florence Brodribb at an event to welcome the start of Australia’s world-first ban on social media for under-16s.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/10/military-transport-plane-crashes-in-war-torn-sudan-killing-crew-report?traffic_source=rss
Article: An Ilyushin Il-76 crashed on Tuesday as it approached the Osman Digna airbase in Port Sudan, near the city’s main airport, two military sources told the AFP news agency, citing a technical malfunction during the landing attempt. On Monday, the Rapid Support Forces (RSF) seized control of the Heglig oilfield, Sudan’s largest oil facility, in West Kordofan province after SAF abandoned their positions, according to the Sudan Tribune. Military sources told Al Jazeera on Tuesday that the army was also withdrawing from Babnusa in West Kordofan, a strategic gateway that the RSF said it had taken control of in early December. Ahmed Ibrahim, a former adviser to the Sudanese government, told Al Jazeera on Tuesday that the attack on Heglig was part of an RSF effort to drag South Sudan, where a fragile truce between the country’s dominant forces has only barely held, into the war on its side. RSF gains across the central region now threaten to bisect the country, potentially isolating army-held territory and consolidating paramilitary control over a continuous stretch from Chad to the country’s heartland. Advertisement The same day as the plane crash, the United States imposed sanctions on four Colombian nationals and four companies accused of recruiting hundreds of military veterans to fight for the RSF. However, the sanctions did not target Global Security Services Group, a company in the United Arab Emirates, which, a November report by The Sentry, a United States-based investigative organisation that tracks conflict financing, identified as arranging the deployment of Colombian mercenaries to Sudan. Also on Tuesday, the International Criminal Court (ICC) sentenced Ali Kushayb, a former leader of the Popular Defence Forces (also known as Janjaweed) militia, to 20 years in prison for war crimes and crimes against humanity committed in Darfur between 2003 and 2004. The conviction marks the first time the ICC has prosecuted crimes in Darfur, a region now witnessing renewed mass atrocities as the RSF, which traces its origins to the Janjaweed, advances across western and central Sudan. Writing for Al Jazeera, Javid Abdelmoneim, international president of Doctors Without Borders (also known by its French initials MSF), warned that the world must not accept “a new normal” of mass atrocities in Sudan. “The conflict dynamics under way seem to indicate that the excruciating plight of el-Fasher may not be the end of horrific violence, but rather a milestone in a catastrophic war that keeps crushing civilian lives, notably at this moment in the Kordofan region,” he said.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c208vyegveeo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Scotland fans spend thousands to realise World Cup dream 3 hours ago Share Save Paul O'Hare and Laura Hutton BBC Scotland Share Save Diane Lees Diane and Jim Lees plan to attend Scotland's second World Cup match against Morocco Scotland fans have been scrambling to book flights, hotels and transfers since being drawn to play World Cup games in Boston and Miami next summer. Diane Lees, who is travelling to the US with her husband and teenage daughter, told BBC Scotland News: "We know it's a lot of money - but when are we going to have this chance again?" World Cup tickets system Scotland qualified for the finals last month after a thrilling 4-2 Hampden victory over Denmark. PA Media Scotland will join 47 other teams competing for the World Cup in the US, Canada and Mexico The Scottish Football Association has said members of the Scotland Supporter Club (SSC) - which operates a loyalty points system - will be given priority for match tickets. Diane Lees Diane and Jim will travel to the World Cup with their 19-year-old daughter Chloe Diane, 55, and Jim, 58, will travel to the US with 19-year-old daughter, Chloe, who has never been to a Scotland away match. Diane said: "You have to become your own travel agent but I don't yet know how we are going to get back to New York." The grandmother said New York to Boston train prices had soared for dates during the tournament. On Tartan Army chat forums - where one supporter priced a trip at £7,000 - fans have floated the idea of hiring a coach and a driver to ferry fans from New York to Boston in a bid to keep costs to a minimum. "Perhaps we could get the Proclaimers to re-write Letter to America?" Rachael Vaughan Rachael and partner Aaron, from Falkirk, met on a Scotland trip to Poland Rachael Vaughan is also making the transatlantic trip a family affair and has booked flights with her father, Edward, and boyfriend, Aaron Fish. She told BBC Scotland: "It is a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity." Rachael, who lives in Manchester, said her father's last World Cup trip left her mother "livid" as he missed her first birthday party. "I was worried that I had an English accent and would not be accepted but people looked out for me." Since then her Tartan Army credits include Euro 2020 and trips including San Marino, Denmark, Greece, Hungary, Portugal and Liechtenstein.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/10/trump-criticism-of-european-leaders-as-weak-comes-at-the-worst-time.html
Article: President Donald Trump and Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy pose for a picture with European leaders following a meeting in the Oval Office at the White House on August 18, 2025 in Washington, DC. President Donald Trump is not the biggest fan of the region, the president's latest tirade against the continent's leadership will sting — particularly as the bloc strives to show more decisiveness and authority. Criticizing the region's response to immigration and the war in Ukraine, Trump said: "I think they don't know what to do." That comment will be jarring for Europe after its efforts in recent days, weeks and months to support Ukraine, be it militarily, diplomatically or financially — efforts which Trump has frequently downplayed. That's despite the fact that the resolution of the almost four-year war — and what shape that takes — is seen by analysts, and European leaders, as critical for the region's future security. The leaders stressed the need for security guarantees for Ukraine in any peace deal, and expressed their opposition to Ukraine having to cede territory to Russia as part of an agreement, as has been demanded by Russia.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/entertainment/walker-scobell-grows-up-with-percy-jackson-and-the-olympians-11182915
Article: “I think the benefits of being the age I am and the job that I'm in is that I can act like a kid and I can have fun.” Walker Scobell is acutely aware of the anticipation surrounding the second season of Disney+’s Percy Jackson and the Olympians (December 10). “I feel like I look very different between seasons one and two...[since] like two years have passed for us in real life.” But Scobell needn’t worry, because fans are along for the ride. He describes the moment he got the part “like, ‘Oh, now the weight of this is on my shoulders...’ But it’s also like, it doesn’t feel that heavy when it’s something you love so much.” And he’s managing the fame by staying close to home. Well, I don't know, I guess I'm most nervous for like, I feel like I look very different between seasons one and two and it's almost like only a year has passed exactly and like two years have passed for us in real life. There's one guy in particular, I'm not gonna spoil anything for the ones who haven't read the books, he's fireproof, so he's on fire a lot, and it was just, I mean, it's the coolest thing ever. But no, it's difficult because there's so many awesome—like we have such a great stunt team—there's some awesome stunts that since I'm not 18, it's like I can't really do them. Normally when he's doing a stunt, I'm in school, so I'm not watching him, and he'll tell me how much pain he was in when he did it, and I will just match that. We did this scene where we did a cowboy switch, which is when I run off camera and he runs in and takes my place and does a big fall. And then I had to go and take his place and he just got right back up and he was like, "Yeah, I guess it hurt a little bit." He's just so amazing at it. I also think the benefits of being the age I am and the job that I'm in is that I can act like a kid, and I can have fun and that's just natural. And just like anytime [with] Adam, my stunt double on set, I just ask him questions every time I'm doing a scene, like tweaking little things and the fights and every season it's like, I'm learning to do the stunts while Percy's learning how to fight better. But I think the biggest thing is the amount of stress that you immediately take on, because it's like, "Oh, now the weight of this is on my shoulders and Aryan's [Simhadri, who plays Grover] shoulders and Leah's [Sava' Jeffries, who plays Annabeth] shoulders, and it’s a weird thing. So I have to go into those things that are slightly different, and I always try to go in to it with the mindset of like, I'll do what he would have done in the book at this time, in this change. I'm very thankful for a lot of it and how many people like it, but it's also like, I think it's important to have people that keep you really grounded. And I think the second that you kind of start to believe that you're great and that all the people online are telling you you're great, then it's like, that just becomes you. I feel like once you start to accept the praise, and the criticism of it, then it's like, I just don't want that to be a part of my life. And normally, like you said, when I think of meeting the Stranger Things cast when I was younger, that was huge for me, I think I would have done the same thing. I've had times where I've met celebrities when I was younger and I wasn't doing any of this and I'm like, I walked away from it going, "Ah, I wish I would have asked him this question or would have gotten to know this." So I really try to force myself to not be awkward, but it's difficult. And, of course, we walked in and there was this dude there and he turned around and we made eye contact and he was like, "Oh my God, Percy Jackson." I was like, "Hi, nice to meet you." And he was, like, "Hold on a second." He took his backpack off and then he opened it up.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/entertainment/wagner-moura-on-the-secret-agent-oscars-and-his-return-to-brazilian-film-11182568
Article: "I think this film is a reflection of our shared perplexity over what happened in Brazil under Bolsonaro.” The actor talks The Secret Agent, the Oscars buzz surrounding it and why “carrying Brazil with us” makes the moment so special. I feel like in recent years, Brazilian cinema has really come into its own—it's always been amazing—but I think in recent years the international community has started to look at it differently. The Secret Agent is a film about someone who is not trying to overthrow the government, is not a freedom fighter, is just a man who's trying to stick with his values when everything around him says the opposite. To that point, because of the success you’ve had here in the U.S., it must feel really special that it’s a Brazilian film that is the thing that’s really bringing the acclaim. I'm pretty much engaged right now in this discussion in Brazil, because Bolsonaro is going to jail, but the movement that he represents is going to be there in Brazil for a while. So, the discussion about public funding for culture is one of the biggest discussions in Brazil right now, and I'm very engaged on that because it's in our constitution that the government should support culture. So when I talk about the engagement of Brazilians, it just makes me feel good because the discussion is very, they are very intellectually dishonest with the things that they say, especially nowadays with technology where fake news are all around—and don't even get me started on that, but I love the fact that they tried and kind of succeed[ed] for a while in trying to make artists the enemies of the people in Brazil, like an intellectual elite that would be against the people, that kind of bullsh**. I feel that Kleber and I are here doing this campaign for the film and talking to you and to other journalists, but I totally feel that we are not alone. I'm kind of putting myself out there and going like, "How would I react if I was here in this situation?" And especially with this film where many of the things that the character is going through with something that came from my and Kleber's own experience, you know? I was like, and it was a completely different character, but I try to learn as much as I can about the character that I'm playing, but when the moment that I am there on the set, I just forget about everything else and just put my own emotions in. Also just a mix, it's a lot of Kleber too in that character because he wrote the character for me, but he put himself a lot in that character as well. And in this one, I think the temperature is more like Kleber's temperature, the way he reacts to things, especially because this guy that I play, he can't call attention to himself. Like it's really kind of the democratic country and Lula [Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva], I mean, I think it's a great president, and culture and democracy, they walk together. But when I directed my film, Marighella—Marighella is a film about the leader of the armed resistance against dictatorship in Brazil—the film was released in Berlin in 2019 and then the film was censored in Brazil by Bolsonaro. Back then to release the film in Brazil it was hardcore because it was a film myself and my producers and fighting against a government, and a government that would empower their followers. I like politics, and I think that this is important, and I think the culture and what we do with [it and] what I do as an artist is important in that sense, too. But honestly, and kind of answering your question to the state that I am right now with my life, I'm very happy with everything that's going on with the film, with me, with my life. And I think that whatever comes to me, it's just a natural acknowledgement of a career—I don't like the word career—of a life that I've, what I'm proud of is like, I think I've been living a life that's coherent with what I believe, with what I think is right.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/china-is-slowly-taking-back-lost-territory-from-russia-11180044
Article: Recent moves by China reveal it has not forgotten the territory lost to the Russian Far East during its "Century of Humiliation." This has raised speculation that the world’s longest border may be ripe for Chinese encroachment, even as "no limits partners" Beijing and Moscow appear increasingly aligned on the world stage. Chinese Map Alterations and Border Disputes The Chinese Ministry of the Environment in 2023 moved to dictate that new official maps must depict cities in this area, such as the Siberian city of Vladivostok, with their official names. Another change was to portray an island at the confluence of the Ussuri and Amur rivers, subject to a long-running dispute and a border agreement in 2008, as entirely Chinese. These calls are not echoed by Beijing, which has downplayed the map changes while regularly touting the importance of ties with Russian President Vladimir Putin, who stood in the place of honor at Xi’s side during the June V-Day military parade in Tiananmen Square. Russia, in turn, benefits from record trade flows with its neighbor and the adoption of the Chinese yuan for payments, helping to mitigate the impact of being dropped from SWIFT. The report highlighted a degree of mistrust on both sides, with Chinese agents said to be recruiting Russian nationals with Chinese spouses and conducting polygraph tests on returning agents returning from the Eurasian country. “Reconciling these competing impulses points toward a strategy of slow, steady accretions of effective sovereignty, punctuated by performative shows of solidarity, from parades to joint military drills, that mask an emerging asymmetry." Cronin said however that China "clearly appears poised to expand its influence across its shared borderlands through a mix of brazen cyber intrusions and opportunistic moves to anchor itself inside Russia’s increasingly enfeebled economy." The Future of China-Russia Relations Lyle Goldstein, Director of Asia Engagement at the Defense Priorities think tank, argues that China-Russia ties have never been closer. But overall, the relationship is healthy and developing robustly in all directions." "I do believe that one reason the Chinese and Russians are getting along so well is that they have both faced substantial strategic pressure from 'excessive balancing' by the U.S.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/entertainment/celebrity-news/meghan-markle-letter-thomas-markle-contact-leg-amputation-11184714
Article: A journalist for the Daily Mail had been at his bedside and recorded a video of him thanking people for their support but Meghan had not been able to get a message to him. A spokesperson for Meghan said in a statement to Newsweek and others: "Given that a Daily Mail reporter has remained at her father’s bedside throughout, broadcasting each interaction and breaching clear ethical boundaries, it has been exceedingly difficult for the Duchess to contact her father privately, despite her efforts over the past several days. "With the support of reliable and trusted contacts, her correspondence is now safely in his hands." Meghan Markle's Rift With Her Father Meghan once said she was a "daddy's girl" growing up but their relationship was destroyed in the run up to her May 2018 wedding when he staged paparazzi photos for money and lied to her about it. Thomas Markle had been living in Mexico at the time and speculation was rife about whether he would make it over to Britain for the Windsor Castle ceremony, when photos started appearing in British tabloids seemingly showing him preparing, for example, at a suit fitting. The Mail on Sunday pulled CCTV footage which showed his staging the images with a paparazzo, bringing humiliation on Meghan, whose staff had been pleading for his privacy, days before the wedding. Thomas Markle's Health Problems Markle went to a small regional hospital near his home in Cebu in the Philippines with leg pain on December 2 and doctors rushed him to a bigger hospital after detecting a 14-inch blood clot. Do you have a question about King Charles III and Queen Camilla, Prince William and Princess Kate, Meghan and Harry, or their family that you would like our experienced royal correspondents to answer?

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/irs-advice-tax-free-health-care-americans-11184702
Article: The Treasury Department and the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) have issued new guidance on expanding Health Savings Account (HSA) eligibility, delivering a tax-free means for millions more Americans to save and pay for health care costs. Why It Matters The update, prompted by the One, Big, Beautiful Bill (OBBB), marks a major shift for consumers who rely on high-deductible health plans (HDHPs), direct primary care arrangements, and, for the first time, those enrolled in Bronze and Catastrophic plans offered on or outside Insurance Exchanges. What To Know On Tuesday, the IRS and Treasury issued Notice 2026-05, outlining several important updates for HSA eligibility and usage: Telehealth and Remote Care: Americans can continue to access telehealth and remote care services before meeting their HDHP deductible while retaining eligibility to contribute to HSAs. Direct Primary Care (DPC): As of January 1, 2026, individuals enrolled in approved direct primary care service arrangements may contribute to HSAs and use those funds tax-free to pay DPC fees. According to the IRS, these changes mean significantly more Americans will have access to the triple tax benefits of HSAs: tax-deductible contributions, tax-free growth, and tax-free withdrawals for qualified medical expenses. What People Are Saying An IRS press release said: “These changes expand HSA eligibility, which allows more people to save and to pay for health care costs through tax-free HSAs.” An information page from HealthCare.gov says: “As a result of the Working Families Tax Cuts legislation signed into law by President [Donald] Trump, more 2026 Marketplace plans—including all Bronze and Catastrophic health plans—now work with Health Savings Accounts to help you pay your share of costs for health care.” What Happens Next The IRS is soliciting public comments on all aspects of Notice 2026-05, with a deadline set for March 6, 2026. Some members of Congress, including Republican Senator Josh Hawley of Missouri, are advocating for broader deductions for health expenses as debates continue over the permanence and targeting of federal health care subsidies.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/zelensky-ready-hold-elections-during-war-in-weeks-if-security-guaranteed-us-europe-donald-trump-11184797
Article: "Not only that, I am asking – and I am now declaring this openly – the United States of America to help me, together with our European colleagues, to ensure security for the elections." He added that if security can be assured, "Ukraine will be ready to conduct elections in the next 60 to 90 days." Zelensky's presidential term officially expired in 2024, but under Ukraine’s constitution elections are not held during martial law, which was declared when Russia launched its full-scale invasion in February 2022.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/us-fa-18-jets-fly-into-gulf-venezuela-11184640
Article: Navy F/A-18s flew over the Gulf of Venezuela, flight-tracking data showed on Tuesday, in what observers say is a toughening pressure move on President Nicolás Maduro's regime amid heightened tensions in the region. The Pentagon is under growing scrutiny after a September strike on an alleged drug‑smuggling vessel included a second "follow on" attack that killed survivors, the Associated Press reported, citing two people familiar with the operation. The Trump administration deems Maduro an illegitimate leader and has designated the Cartel de los Soles a terrorist organization, accusing the Venezuelan president and his senior military officials of leading the group. What To Know Two F/A-18 Super Hornets remained over the Gulf for about 40 minutes, a confined body of water bordered on three sides by Venezuelan territory, in the same zone where U.S.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/russia-ukraine-war-live-updates-news-nato-trump-putin-zelensky-11184736
Article: Lavrov, speaking during a government session in the Federation Council, said Trump "is the only one among all Western leaders who, immediately after entering the White House in January of this year, began to show an understanding of the reasons that made the war in Ukraine inevitable," state media agency TASS reported, originally in Russian. Lavrov said that the "culmination of this entire story is approaching.” “And the fact that President Trump, having analyzed the situation, agreed that the root causes identified by Russia really must be eliminated—namely, the inadmissibility of involving Ukraine in NATO, and the need to free from the authority of the Ukrainian regime those people whose rights were trampled by the putschists who came to power in the 2014 coup—this is now being actively discussed,” he said.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/10/hamas-leader-vows-to-curb-gaza-attacks-on-israel-but-rejects-disarmament?traffic_source=rss
Article: Hamas’s political leader outside Gaza, Khaled Meshaal, has offered assurances that the group would take measures to curb any future attacks on Israel from the besieged Palestinian enclave, but added that surrendering its weapons would be like “removing the soul” from the group. In an interview with Al Jazeera Arabic’s Mawazin, to be aired on Wednesday evening, the Hamas political chief laid out the group’s positions on key issues amid rising concern that momentum on ceasefire talks may fade as the first phase draws to a conclusion. Hamas said on Tuesday that the ceasefire cannot move forward if Israel continues its violations of the agreement, with authorities saying the truce has been breached at least 738 times since taking effect on October 10. Meshaal also told Al Jazeera that Hamas would not accept a non-Palestinian governing authority for Gaza, amid speculation over the makeup of United States President Donald Trump’s so-called “board of peace”, which has been floated as a possible alternative to Hamas’s rule since 2006. The Financial Times reported on Tuesday that former United Kingdom Prime Minister Tony Blair‘s candidacy to the board had been ruled out, following opposition from several Arab and Muslim states. Blair is heavily tarnished for his key role in the 2003 invasion and subsequent occupation and devastation of the US-led war in Iraq, as well as his failed role as Quartet envoy to the Middle East. Qatar’s Prime Minister Sheikh Mohammed bin Abdulrahman bin Jassim Al Thani said at the forum that the Gaza ceasefire was at a “critical moment”, while the Turkish and Egyptian foreign ministers urged the US and other parties to redouble efforts to keep the process on track. All but one of the captives, living and deceased, taken to Gaza during the Hamas-led attack on southern Israel in October 2023 have now been returned, while hundreds of Palestinian prisoners have also been released by Israeli authorities back to Gaza as part of the agreement which ended the fighting. On Tuesday, a Hamas official said Israel has not fully adhered to the first phase of the agreement, citing the unopened Rafah crossing, aid volumes much below the agreed levels, and near-daily Israeli attacks. Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, however, said the first phase was nearly complete and expressed his aim to “achieve the same results in the second stage”, adding that he would meet Trump in Washington, DC, at the end of this month to advance it. Meshaal told Al Jazeera that increasing aid flow into Gaza is essential for the second phase to begin, which would mark the formal end of the war and include a full Israeli withdrawal — beyond the partial pullback to the so-called yellow line, which still leaves Israel in control of more than half of Gaza — a key goal for Hamas. Turkish Foreign Minister Hakan Fidan, who has indicated his country could join an international stabilisation force (ISF) in Gaza responsible for disarming Hamas, urged patience at the Doha Forum, saying disarmament would not occur in the “first stage” and emphasising that “we need to proceed in the correct order and remain realistic”. On Sunday, Egyptian Foreign Minister Badr Abdelatty said the ISF needed to be sent to Gaza “as soon as possible” because on “one side, Israel is violating the ceasefire every day, but claims the other side is responsible, so we need monitors along the yellow side in order to verify and monitor”.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/10/at-least-19-killed-in-collapse-of-two-buildings-in-fes-morocco?traffic_source=rss
Article: Click here to share on social media At least 19 people have been killed and 16 injured by the collapse of two buildings in Morocco’s historic Fes city, according to the state news agency.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cly09ez1207o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Teaching assistant told pupils he had killed 250 people as a sniper 4 hours ago Share Save Nathan Bevan BBC Wales Share Save Getty Images Scott John Trigg-Turner made bogus claims to a Year 8 class in Newport, a hearing was told A teaching assistant has been banned from classrooms for two years after telling pupils he had killed more than 250 people as a military sniper. Scott John Trigg-Turner, 44, made bogus claims to a Year 8 class in Newport that he had been in the US marines, went by the codename 'Kill Switch' and still owned a gun. A professional standards hearing in Cardiff was told wheelchair user Mr Trigg-Turner also claimed to be a lord, the recipient of an MBE and to have served in Northern Ireland during the Troubles - despite being too young to have done so. Fellow learning support assistant Sharon Davies said she had become suspicious about Mr Trigg-Turner after hearing the stories he told pupils at Bassaleg School in 2023, including boasts about killing "in excess of 250 people". It is not fair." The EWC panel was also told he arrived late and left class early without agreement a number of times and gave inconsistent explanations to colleagues about how he came to be a wheelchair user. A prominent Wales international wheelchair rugby player for the Wigan Warriors wheelchair rugby league team and former Torfaen Tigers player, Mr Trigg-Turner was not at the hearing and was not represented.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/what-to-make-of-trumps-national-security-strategy-newsweek-contributors-debate-11183933
Article: Newsweek contributors Paul du Quenoy and Dan Perry make sense, via their respective perspectives, of the 33-page document: Dan Perry: The only good thing I can say about the new national security strategy is that it is non-binding and unenforceable. On the downside it is basically a manifesto that rips what little mask was left off what the Trump administration seeks to do in the world: It displays open disdain for our European allies, shrugs at the principles of liberal democracy and betrays fidelity to the tech bros’ crusade against desperately needed regulation of their platforms, on the misleading grounds of "free speech." It imagines a Hobbesian world in which America simply throws its weight around under a sort of Monroe Doctrine redux, shedding the obligations of multilateralism and abandoning any pretense of leading the free world. Paul du Quenoy: Carefully considering the realities of the current world, the Trump administration’s new national security strategy is a masterstroke of realist diplomacy adapted for 21st century America and its needs. Trump has intelligently identified and eliminated tired and ineffective liberal internationalist tropes from our diplomacy, abjured destructive wars of foreign intervention, fore-fronted the security of the United States and its borders in our hemisphere and beyond, committed American soft power to restoring Europe’s beleaguered nation-states, opened paths to constructive engagement with decidedly lesser but potent nuclear-armed adversaries and employed effective to disarm and downscale unproductive and anti-American international institutions. While his critics bewail the new strategy—curiously for being in their view both backwardly isolationist and aggressively interventionist—they are hard put to make any rational argument against what it is and is meant to be: an America First guide to foreign policy rooted in the oldest principles of the Republic. Paul du Quenoy: Policy toward Europe is only one element of the new national security strategy but the fact remains that the continent is weaker, poorer, worse led and culturally far less cohesive than it has been in any living memory. Its security and prosperity matter mightily to American interests and restoring effective leadership and successful societies there is far more in our interest than retreating before the corrupt bureaucracy in Brussels that has little or no accountability and is content to preside over stagnation and decay. I would argue that postwar stability was not brought to us by the failed United Nations and its self-interested adjacent institutions but by strong assertions of the American power Trump is now restoring. Dan Perry: So, here’s the thing about your claim of “American interests.” America was in recent times not meant to be only about narrow national interest; leadership of the free world requires a values-based commitment to democracy and alliances. Dan Perry is the former Cairo-based Middle East editor and London-based Europe/Africa editor of The Associated Press, the former chairman of the Foreign Press Association in Jerusalem, and the author of two books.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/entertainment/james-l-brooks-returns-to-form-with-ella-mccay-11183470
Article: He returns to form with Ella McCay, a story rooted in the messy human emotions of complicated relationships—a genre he has mastered, yet one that’s become increasingly rare in modern cinema. That’s my theory.” This theory forms the spine of the story, which follows Ella, played by Emma Mackey, a young politician who juggles being a trailblazer at the moment with trying to avoid a set of scandals that risk ruining it all—all largely created by the men in her life: her husband Ryan (Jack Lowden), father Eddie (Woody Harrelson) and former boss Governor Bill (Albert Brooks). I think that you’re always trying to catch the right heroine at the time, you know?” Mackey is fully aware of the cinematic legacy resting on her shoulders as the title character in a James L. Not only does it mean joining a lineage that includes Shirley MacLaine, Holly Hunter and Helen Hunt, but it also means bringing to life a character that will join other great heroines created by a man long celebrated for his ability to write for women. “It’s a huge honor,” Mackey says, noting that “it’s just a wonderful, fateful thing to have a name that’s relatively similar to a character that Jim has written for the past 13, 14 years. Brooks The origin for why, and perhaps how, Brooks has come to be known as the man with one of Hollywood’s most decorated track records for writing complicated, three-dimensional female characters is because his past was defined by these very women. So I heard—maybe before I should—their plight, my mother’s plight certainly, and certainly witnessed some of it.” The proximity to “their plight” is what has allowed him to craft female characters that feel lived-in rather than just observed. Take MacLaine’s Aurora Greenway in 1983’s Terms of Endearment, a widow with a complicated relationship with her daughter; Hunter’s neurotic newsroom director Jane Craig in Broadcast News (1987); or Hunt’s Carol Connelly, a single mother doing what’s needed to get by in 1997’s As Good as It Gets. “To me, what I started with is [how] somebody who was marked by family trauma and had that case to make and spoke up at that very young age and is somehow in a moment of abandonment [now] is made to feel [doing the] abandoning,” Brooks explains. “It has as much to do with the lack of limited thinking as it does to do with his incredible ability, like a truffle pig, to smell for humanity and humor and heartache all in one bite.” That instinct is what drew Mackey to Ella McCay. “He just seems to have a deep, profound, intrinsic understanding of female relationships and how certain women operate within a family structure and outside of a family structure and in a chosen family environment perhaps, too,” Mackey says. “I have a very good day job on The Simpsons [as an executive producer], which means that you’re not just lazing around the house all the time.” With that said, part of the reason for the intervals between projects is that Brooks is a writer first, which fuels his perfectionist streak. I have been patient as f***.” For a Hollywood veteran like Curtis, who has experienced every aspect of the acting business a performer can—and has picked up an Oscar along the way—she’s honed her craft to the point where she often relies on instinct when discovering a character. But he isn’t going to just be like, ‘Oh, that’s great.’” She describes the experience as both “thrilling and terrifying.” “Your instinct will carry you most of the time, but with the Jim Brooks, it’s not good enough. The executives on this were, I think, a little amazing for this day and age, in that regard.” But what is guaranteed is the emotional resonance that has made Brooks’ work endure for decades. They sort of capture something that’s really essential in people and humans and whatever it is and the messiness of it.” Looking back on the film that started it all for Brooks, Terms of Endearment, he’s quick to note the “innocence” lost after the pureness of that film’s vision.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/christmas-gifts-2025-newsweeks-pick-of-the-best-for-him-and-her-11183359
Article: With 40 preprogrammed specialty coffees and 10 coffee strength levels, it features JURA’s proprietary Product Recognizing Grinder, which auto-adjusts grind consistency for each drink—from espresso to flat white—at the touch of a button. A statement in rose gold, this Gondolo Serata has a zebra-pattern sapphire crystal dial and 94 brilliant-cut spessartites (2.02 carats) flowing in color from cognac to tangerine in a double gradient. Finished with off-white Ami de Coeur jacquard and 5-inch fringe on each end, it’s a unisex accessory that wraps the season in subtle luxury after being featured in several high-profile films and television series.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/entertainment/knives-out-how-faith-and-religion-shaped-rian-johnsons-wake-up-dead-man-11175203
Article: In an era defined by superheroes and CGI-enhanced storytelling, director/writer Rian Johnson has created a franchise that is surprisingly familiar and old-fashioned, crafting a retro, Hitchcockian-inspired murder mystery that somehow still satisfies modern audiences’ TikTok attention span. After tackling the class struggle of an old-money family in the first Knives Out and the toxic culture of the tech elite in Glass Onion, where could Blanc go next? “Can we make a movie that talks about faith as opposed to talking at it or finger-wagging or feeling didactic?” Johnson asks Newsweek in an interview alongside Craig and co-stars Josh O’Connor and Glenn Close. This is the bigger challenge in the context of a Benoit Blanc mystery, which is a big, fun, entertaining murder mystery that welcomes audiences into the big tent to have a good time with their families. In one of Blanc’s most difficult “locked room” puzzles, Blanc finds himself teamed up with Father Jud Duplenticy (O’Connor)—a young priest caught between his vows and the truth—to navigate a group of church faithful whose spiritual devotion masks deadly secrets. And thankfully he’s picked this genre right now to do that.” And for Craig, who has inhabited the Southern sleuth for three films now, that theatrical experience the audience receives is paramount. How can we turn them on?” For Johnson, that spark to turn on an audience rarely comes from the murder itself; the “how” of the murder is secondary to the “why.” Settling on this story required Johnson to look past the puzzle he created and into his own personal story. “Well, it came first of all from Daniel and I having an initial conversation about how it would be nice to ground the next one a little bit more,” Johnson says. From Close’s Martha Delacroix—the Monsignor’s most devoted worshipper and unofficial protector of the church—to the parade of church patrons who make up Johnson’s quirky world, including Kerry Washington as Vera Draven, Andrew Scott as Lee Ross and Jeremy Renner as Dr. And I’m not at all anymore, I’m not a believer anymore, but when I was growing up and into my early 20s, it was something that was a deeply personal, huge part of who I was and how I saw the world. So it’s something I have really strong and very complicated feelings about.” The complicated feelings serve as the backbone of the plot, building the mystery around the uncertainty of belief itself. And then once I start diving into the details of the script,” Johnson says, “even down to the details of the mystery and the murder, all of those things, I’m formulating [them] in order to be oriented around this center of the movie.” But what does that mean for Blanc? He doesn’t see it as a religious experience; he sees it as a wonderful lesson learned.” But, of course, it’s a Knives Out mystery, so there’s going to be humor. It’s not like a sacred cow, it’s actually part of your life you’re living with, and that means it’s something you’re laughing about also.” The Heart of the Mystery Central to Blanc’s “mind-expanding moment” is O’Connor’s Father Jud. And for O’Connor, he jumped at the chance to use humor to show a greater depth of emotion, particularly because he long drew inspiration from actors like Gene Wilder and Pete Postlethwaite. “Some of my favorite comic performances really dance with an audience, and they acknowledge once they’ve got you laughing, you’re vulnerable and they can pull the rug from underneath you—and next thing you know, you’re having your heart broken.” This ability to oscillate between the comedic and heartbreaking has earned O’Connor a comparison to a certain Hollywood legend from another Hollywood legend. I mean Josh, when I saw him in Challengers, I was like, ‘Oh my God, who is this charismatic [person]?’ He just jumps off the screen.” Craig agrees, noting the specific way O’Connor draws the viewer in. I know he’s played lots of serious roles, but he’s just a lot of fun to have around.” The Icon While O’Connor may provide the heart, Close provides the gravity. “And by that I mean she loves making movies, and she shows up with almost like a wide-eyed wonder of, ‘We get to do this?’” Craig found a kindred spirit in Close. We’re looking for love.” One thing many fans of Close want for her is an Oscar and, based on the reception from critics of her performance in Wake Up Dead Man, that could be a very real possibility in the near future. You want to get parts that give you a run for their money, your money.” Keeping the Mystery Alive Wake Up Dead Man is a carefully constructed puzzle built by a team that is genuinely having fun. “Genuinely on these movies, there’s just this feeling of coming together, because of this man [Johnson], and because of the scripts, because of what he and his attitude and joy that he brings to the set, it’s an incredibly creative process.” And with Johnson and Craig at the helm, Blanc will continue to pull the wool over our eyes. “Look, I feel like as long as we can keep figuring out new and slightly scary things to do,” Johnson concludes—“scary meaning, we don’t know if we can pull it off or not. Let’s find out.’ And as long we’re both enjoying it, as long [as] the audiences are into it, as long as this guy [Craig] wants to keep coming back, I’d be thrilled to keep making these for a long time to come.”

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/donald-trump-approval-ratings-california-second-term-low-11184758
Article: A new survey from the Public Policy Institute of California (PPIC) finds President Donald Trump still deeply unpopular with California's likely voters, with approval stuck in the mid-30s and disapproval near double that level. The December PPIC Statewide Survey, conducted online between November 13 and 19 among 1,086 likely voters, showed 34 percent approving of the way Trump handled his job as president, while 55 percent disapproved and 11 percent were unsure. This conflict is exacerbated by a consistent pattern of legal and political clashes between the federal administration and California's Democratic leadership—with Governor Gavin Newsom's 2028 presidential prospects improving, according to latest polling. In March, PPIC polling showed that "only one in three Californians" approved of Trump's job performance, making him less popular in the state than any other president in surveys going back to before 2005. What To Know PPIC's December crosstabs—data showing how different subgroups within a surveyed population answered a question—show Trump's California approval among likely voters at 34 percent, with 55 percent disapproving. The same time-trend table showed Trump's approval among California likely voters bouncing within a narrow band throughout 2025: 34 percent in February, 33 percent in June and 35 percent in October, with disapproval consistently above 60 percent in those earlier waves. PPIC's series indicates that historically, Trump's support in California has never reached 40 percent among likely voters, fluctuating between a low of 27 percent and a high of 39 percent since early 2017. In June 2017, 27 percent of California adults approved of Trump's job performance in the White House, while 67 percent disapproved and described him as "predictably unpopular" in the strongly Democratic state.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/winter-storm-warning-snow-avalanche-danger-11184789
Article: have been issued winter storm warnings, which forecast that up to 20 inches of snow could blast certain areas, from Wednesday through Thursday and Friday, and in some areas, even into Saturday, sparking increased "avalanche danger" warnings, according to the National Weather Service (NWS). New York Northern Oneida county could see up to 12 inches of snow and 30 mph winds, and the eastern Lake Ontario region could get up to 16 inches—with the highest amounts of snowfall expected across the Tug Hill Plateau and western Adirondacks—from Wednesday through to Thursday afternoon. Bennington, western Windham, Hamilton, northern Fulton, and northern Herkimer counties could get between 7 and 14 inches of snow by Thursday morning, with the heaviest snowfall expected on the south-facing slopes of the Adirondacks and areas above 1,000 feet. Ohio Between 8 and 10 inches of snow and 35 mph winds are expected to hit southern Erie county—with up to 14 inches forecast to land on higher ground—from Wednesday through to Friday. Montana/Wyoming The Absaroka and Beartooth Mountains that border Montana and Wyoming could get up to 15 inches of snow and winds as high as 50 mph until early Wednesday evening. The Continental Divide along the Rocky Mountain Front in Montana could get between 7 and 12 inches of snow, especially along Marias Pass, with over 1 foot expected on the higher peaks, until Friday. The Yellowstone National Park in Wyoming could get up to 8 inches of snow and winds as high as 70 mph along the top ridges, making travel difficult—especially along the Chief Joseph Highway. The Bighorn Mountains West could get up to 12 inches across the higher ranges, and the Wind River Mountains could also get up to 12 inches, with winds reaching 70 mph—until Wednesday afternoon. Up to 18 inches of snow and 80 mph winds are expected across the Teton and Gros Ventre Mountains, including the Teton and Togwotee Passes, with backcountry travel “not advised.” Maine Northeast Aroostook, northwest Aroostook, northern Piscataquis, and northern Somerset counties could get up to 8 inches of snow by Thursday afternoon. Michigan Parts of northern Lower Michigan could see up to 6 inches of snow, especially south of M-72, and parts of southeast Michigan could also get up pto 6 inches with 35 mph winds, by Wednesday afternoon. Vermont Orleans and eastern Franklin counties, and parts of central, northeast, northwest, and southern Vermont, might get between 3 and 7 inches of snow from Wednesday morning until Thursday morning—with the heaviest amounts expected to fall throughout Wednesday. Also take water, a first aid kit, and anything else that would help you survive in case you become stranded.” The NWS for Wyoming said: “Outdoor recreation could become dangerous to those caught unprepared for hazardous winter conditions. Hunters, hikers, and snowmobilers may become disoriented and lost due to low visibility in falling and blowing snow.” What Happens Next Those in affected areas are urged to keep checking local weather forecasts for updates, as conditions could change rapidly as the storm progresses.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/trump-administration-plans-check-five-years-social-media-visitors-11184919
Article: The Trump administration has proposed a sweeping change that would require all foreign tourists to disclose up to five years of their social media history before they can travel to the United States, according to a notice published in the Federal Register. Under the notice published on December 10, the request would make social-media history a "mandatory data element" for travelers applying via the online Electronic System for Travel Authorization (ESTA), which allows citizens of visa-waiver countries to apply for authorization to travel to the U.S. "The data element will require ESTA applicants to provide their social media from the last five years." Why It Matters The administration has implemented tighter entry restrictions for travelers to the U.S., under President Donald Trump’s stricter measures to clamp down on legal pathways to enter the country. The agency also plans to collect previously used telephone numbers from the last five years, email addresses from the last 10 years, IP addresses, and metadata from electronically submitted photos, according to the memo. What People Are Saying Sophia Cope, a senior staff attorney for the Electronic Frontier Foundation, said in a statement: "It has not proven effective at finding terrorists and other bad guys. But it has chilled the free speech and invaded the privacy of innocent travelers, along with that of their American family, friends and colleagues." Farshad Owji, past president of the American Immigration Lawyers Association and partner at law firm WR Immigration, told The Washington Post: "Having the citizenship of an ESTA country doesn’t necessarily mean that person has a political view that is aligned with the current administration’s view." What Happens Next The Federal Register notice states that the U.S.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c8e9xl7e37wo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: 'My dad abused 130 boys - learning the truth was horrifying' 9 hours ago Share Save Fiona Lamdin , West of England home and social affairs correspondent and Bea Swallow , Bristol Share Save 'I'm sorry on behalf of my father,' abuser's daughter says The daughter of the man believed to be the most prolific serial abuser to be associated with the Church of England (CofE) says finally learning the truth about his attacks on 130 boys was shocking and horrifying. In the years since, Ms Rugg, who now lives in Bristol, has slowly come to terms with the disturbing truth but has often grappled with feelings of "shame by association". "So much of my dad's story and how he got away was cover-up and deception, but I want to fly in the face of that and bring things into the light." The Makin Review, published in 2024, found the church's handling of the allegations against Smyth amounted to a cover-up, with one cleric admitting: "I thought it would do the work of God immense damage if this were public." Speaking openly to the BBC for the first time, Ms Rugg said learning the truth about the extent of her father's "shocking" abuse has helped her to heal. I'm sorry on behalf of my father for what he's done to these boys." Warning - this story contains distressing content and references to child abuse Ms Rugg recalls an oppressive childhood plagued by "hypervigilance" of her father's unpredictable moods. A feeling of guilt as a young child I didn't like dad and sometimes I hated him." Passion Pictures Ms Rugg said her father evaded suspicion because he was "adored" by so many Ms Rugg said her father "completely disregarded" her as a child, to the extent she questioned her own judgement of his "volatile" character. I wanted to get as far away from him as possible, but what I saw was people who adored him." While Smyth laughed and played outside with boys and young men in the sun, she would watch from the window, having been told to stay away as an "unwanted distraction". I'm the one who is not seeing this correctly here'." Passion Pictures Ms Rugg (R) said it felt like their entire world and family "orbited" around their domineering father Smyth gained access to Winchester College in 1973 through the school's Christian union and began abusing pupils after inviting them to his family home for Sunday lunch. An internal review by the Iwerne Trust uncovered the scandal in 1982, describing the attacks as "prolific, brutal and horrific", detailing how eight of the boys had suffered a total of 14,000 lashes. The following year, tragedy unfolded when a 16-year-old boy named Guide Nyachuru was found dead at one of Smyth's camps within 12 hours of arrival, resulting in a manslaughter charge, but the case collapsed. Passion Pictures Smyth would control his victims by framing the abuse as repentance for "sin" When Ms Rugg moved back to England aged 18, she started to have more and more questions about her father. There seemed to be so little connection with the UK, which struck me as odd." She confronted her father with the rumours on Christmas Eve, and he burst into a blind rage, accusing her of being "disloyal" to their family by daring to question his integrity. Passion Pictures Smyth was completely estranged from his family at the time of his death in 2018 Reports of Smyth's abuse were first made public through an investigation by Channel 4 in February 2017. Everything was backed up with his Christian faith, and I found the hypocrisy of that really abhorrent." In August 2018, Smyth received a summons from Hampshire Police to return to England for questioning, under the threat of extradition. He died from heart failure just eight days later at the age of 77, and was never brought to justice for the trauma he inflicted upon young boys in his care. Fiona Rugg says facing the truth of her father's "horrific" acts has helped her to heal Ms Rugg said she can now speak about her father "without bitterness or hatred" and finally feels at peace. "It's changed from something that was imposed on me, to 'I'm choosing what I do with that'." If you would like to learn more about John Smyth's history of abuse, head to Channel 4's two-part documentary titled See No Evil.

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/12/10/nx-s1-5633319/word-of-week-involution-mandarin
Article: There's a word for that in Mandarin Chinese toggle caption Getty Images If you are feeling dispirited at work or burned out by the general pressure of life, there is a perfect word for you: "involution." The Mandarin Chinese word for "involution" — neijuan — is now a ubiquitous slang term. Book translators came up with the phrase neijuan, combining the Mandarin words for "inner" (nei) and "to curl" or "to roll" (juan), invoking this idea of cycling endlessly back into oneself. In that 2020 interview, with Chinese outlet Sixth Tone, he set down the first definition for how neijuan is now used — to pinpoint a general feeling of ennui when trapped in what he called an "endless cycle of self-flagellation." Sponsor Message "You have to intensify your effort, competing with other people for no purpose, yet you cannot quit," he explained to NPR. "I somehow just put the words to what people already know and already feel." People in China now use neijuan to describe something useless or doing something just for appearances. Then neijuan got meme-ified — for example, a video of an elite Chinese university student studying on his laptop even while biking at night, providing a visual emblem for the absurdity of neijuan behavior. In 2024, China's top economic official, Li Qiang, criticized "spiraling involution" in the economy, describing a chronic problem where too many Chinese companies are competing with each other and producing the same thing.

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/12/10/g-s1-101471/border-patrol-left-charlotte-the-damage-stayed-behind
Article: After a weeklong enforcement surge in which the government said agents arrested hundreds of immigrants, nabbing many as they went about their daily lives, the Border Patrol set its sights on its next target, New Orleans. Sponsor Message "It's like a hurricane came through," said Stephanie Sneed, chair of the Board of Education overseeing Charlotte's public school system, "and then we have to deal with the aftermath, which is much longer than the event itself." During the week in mid-November that the Border Patrol was roaming Charlotte, about 20 percent of its public school children stayed home from classes. Attendance started bouncing back the week after the agents left, but Sneed said teachers had reported some Latino children arriving at school with notes pinned to their backpacks reading: "I am a citizen." "I would never think that's something I would see," Sneed said. On the morning that Border Patrol arrived, Betancur was himself walking to work at his bakery – his passport in his pocket – when an SUV zoomed past and stopped half a block ahead of him. toggle caption Adrian Florido/NPR Hiding from immigration agents in the woods R, an undocumented immigrant from Honduras who asked to be identified by her first initial, lives in an apartment complex in East Charlotte that is home to many immigrants. "They won't find me in there," she said, "and if they do, I'll run." Another undocumented woman in hiding, E, said she doesn't believe the Border Patrol agents have actually left, especially since federal officials have insisted enforcement will continue. "They're waiting for us to go outside," E said, "so they can hunt us like a cat hunts a mouse." toggle caption Adrian Florido/NPR Delivering groceries to people in hiding Many immigrants in hiding have relied on allies to help with basic services like delivering food and medicine. "Because I don't want to lead agents right to their doorstep." toggle caption Adrian Florido/NPR Searching for the missing Daniela Andrade, an advocate for immigrants at the Carolina Migrant Network, said among the deepest but most invisible wounds of the Border Patrol's operation are those torn into the families of the roughly 400 immigrants whisked away. Her organization is the only one in North Carolina to provide free legal representation for detained immigrants, she said, and its lawyers have scrambled to track these people down and if possible, seek their release. "In these moments of crisis and fear in our community, it's hard to tell folks to trust." toggle caption Adrian Florido/NPR The radio version of this story originally aired on Dec.

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/12/10/nx-s1-5630495/brett-cooper-youtube-conservative-gen-z-influencers
Article: Brett Cooper says she makes up her own mind — about Trump and everything else About one-third of Americans get their news from YouTube, and some of them are watching Brett Cooper. And it feels a lot less about real values… and more about posturing." She reflects disagreements within Trump's coalition Cooper spoke out after Trump, in an interview with Fox News' Laura Ingraham, said the United States needs high-skilled immigrants because Americans lack the necessary talents. More recently she praised the president for promising a crackdown on Afghan refugees and other immigrant groups: "I think it's safe to say both illegal and legal immigration are absolutely in fact overrunning our country," she said on her show. Sponsor Message In the NPR interview, she said Fuentes had a right to speak, and referred to "the Streisand effect," suggesting that criticizing Fuentes would simply draw more attention to him. "For Gen Z, what people on both sides of the aisle need to realize is, the more that you tell my generation not to watch something, not to look into something, not to listen to something, that something is bad, or censor somebody, we're going to go look for that content," she said. When asked if she agrees with Fuentes' claim that "Jewish gangsters" control the country, Cooper said, "Not really," though she added, "I am concerned about the impact of Israel in our country." She said she did not "agree with Nick Fuentes on everything," but largely didn't criticize him. "I don't think I need to sit here and condemn anyone either way." Ultimately, she says she makes up her own mind Cooper says politicians have called her to hear her views about what younger people are thinking, but that she is reluctant to let politicians influence her too much. "I want my audience to know that if you're coming to watch the Brett Cooper Show, she doesn't have a senator in her ear saying, 'Hey, these are my opinions, could you share them?'" she said. "But if I see what's going on X, Ted Cruz saying something, I want to talk about it." The broadcast version of this interview was produced by Taylor Haney and edited by Adam Bearne.

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/12/10/nx-s1-5611495/trump-citizenship-immigration-services-changes
Article: How Trump is remaking one agency to aid his deportation push toggle caption Eric Gay/AP The Trump administration is transforming the agency known for processing green cards and citizenship requests into one of its strongest anti-immigration policing arms. Sponsor Message Since January, administration officials have taken an axe to that traditional mission by encouraging early retirements, shuttering collective bargaining agreements and drastically cutting back on programs that facilitate legal migration. During his Senate confirmation, USCIS director Joseph Edlow proclaimed that "at its core, USCIS must be an immigration enforcement agency." The efforts come as President Trump seeks to curb illegal immigration but also reduce legal ways to get to the U.S. "'Am I going to get arrested?' … That's a question, regardless of their past," said Eric Welsh, an immigration attorney in California who helps his clients apply for various USCIS programs. After an Afghan national was charged for shooting two National Guard members in late November, the administration also halted processing green card and citizenship applications from nationals of 19 countries, including Afghanistan, and ordered retroactive reviews of already-approved applications. "Under President Trump, we are building more protective measures that ensure fraud, deception, and threats do not breach the integrity of our immigration system." Recent policies come after a swath of other changes this year. "They're reaching deeper into the weeds of immigration policy, and they may be more successful in slowing legal immigration, which at least some members of the Trump administration have stated is their goal," said Julia Gelatt, associate director of the U.S. "That's a pretty different stance towards immigration than we've seen over recent decades." Sponsor Message In Trump's first term, the changes did not significantly curb legal migration, but that may be changing. USCIS said they will be "interviewing aliens, reviewing applications, and identifying criminal or ineligible aliens." The posting also specifies this position is expected to provide direct support to CBP and ICE, two agencies leading the effort to arrest, detain and deport immigrants. USCIS said it received some 35,000 applications for the role of "homeland defender" and has made "hundreds" of job offers, including to former law enforcement officials and veterans, according to a November USCIS press release. "Certainly the immigration enforcement side of things that are happening has sent a message that anybody who isn't a citizen in the United States could be arrested and put into ICE detention and potentially deported," Gelatt said. "That has a real chilling effect on people's willingness to interact with the government generally, and with USCIS as well." Sponsor Message USCIS workers defend past enforcement The changes are having an impact inside the agency, as workers feel out of the loop about the direction and pace of changes. So employees were upset by the administration's implication that they hadn't been doing their jobs properly for the last five years, after the White House announced all refugees admitted under in the Biden era must be reinterviewed. "It seems impossible." USCIS said it has paused the approvals while it "works to ensure that all aliens from these countries are vetted and screened to the maximum degree possible," the agency said in an emailed statement. Signs inside USCIS offices urge people to leave the country, mirroring the tone of a detention center, rather than that of an immigration office, according to Welsh and other lawyers. "If we just go into a pure enforcement mindset, then there's no happy place to be." The agency did not respond to a question about whether immigrants will be deterred from pursuing legal pathways to permanent status.

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/12/10/nx-s1-5634757/useful-tips-npr-most-popular-self-help-stories-of-year
Article: Useful tips from NPR's most popular self-help stories of the year From top left, clockwise: Kaitlin Brito for NPR; Beck Harlan/NPR; Tsering Bista and Beck Harlan; Beck Harlan/NPR; Klaus Kremmerz for NPR Did you know that foods like walnuts and yogurt support better sleep? Speeding can make it harder to avoid potential hazards on the road, and it can make car crashes more severe, says Hector Carias, an officer with the California Highway Patrol. Sit instead of hovering, breathe and chill, and then your bladder muscle contracts." Photo illustration by Beck Harlan/NPR What you eat during the day can affect how well you sleep at night. It's an amino acid we get from food, and in the brain it's converted to serotonin and melatonin, chemicals in our bodies that play an important role in sleep, says Marie-Pierre St-Onge, a nutrition scientist and researcher at Columbia University and a co-author of the cookbook Eat Better, Sleep Better. The Society for Maternal-Fetal Medicine, which recommends using acetaminophen to treat fever and pain in pregnant women, says that untreated fever can cause grave harms such as miscarriage, birth defects or premature birth, especially early in a pregnancy, reports NPR. Navied Mahdavian for NPR Academic and author Tom Bellamy, author of the book Smitten, explains how to recognize the signs of limerence, a romantic obsession characterized by extreme emotional highs and lows. Bellamy says those daydreams can perpetuate feelings of limerence, so you want to turn them into "daymares." Sponsor Message "If you had a daydream about driving off into the sunset with them, change it," he says. This is a terrible mistake!' And they run off and you're left feeling foolish and ridiculous." Photograph by Tsering Bista and Beck Harlan People get a lot wrong when it comes to paying for vacations, say travel experts, and that can cost serious cash. Top tip: In places that get very hot, you might want to think about installing shades on the outside of your house, not the inside, says Daniel Barber, a historian of architecture and environment. Top tip: "A magical question is a question that everyone in your group is interested in answering" and hearing the answers to, says Parker, who hosts a video series on the topic on her Instagram page. Kaitlin Brito for NPR Gretchen Rubin, host of the Happier podcast, explains the secret to happiness — and why knowing your personality type can help you make better decisions about what can bring you more joy. Top tip: Instead of asking yourself what happiness means to you, Rubin says to ask yourself: "Will this make me happier?" People usually have a lot more clarity on the answer.

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/12/10/nx-s1-5637440/afghan-zero-unit-lakanwal-national-guard
Article: But once evacuated to the U.S., many Afghan fighters who served in "Zero Units" led by the CIA found themselves spiraling into despair because of what they saw as bureaucratic neglect and abandonment by the U.S. Among their ranks was Rahmanullah Lakanwal, the man charged with killing one National Guard soldier and seriously injuring a second after opening fire on them in Washington, DC on Thanksgiving Eve. Davud, who lives now on the West Coast, agreed to be interviewed about the struggles of his fellow soldiers only if NPR identified him by his first name and concealed his identity. While fighting under CIA leadership, thousands of soldiers like Davud and Lakanwal faced some of the most harrowing battles of the 20-year Afghanistan war, often carrying out two or even three combat missions a night. They were the ones facing the maximum danger on the battlefield." Bakshi now leads a refugee resettlement program, called FAMIL, that focuses on helping Zero Unit soldiers rebuild their lives inside the U.S. What happened in his case is there was an error in the spelling of his name." Sponsor Message That individual eventually received a Green Card, Bakshi said, adding that with proper support many Afghan soldiers are adapting well to life in America. Like others who fought alongside the CIA in Afghanistan, Lakanwal appeared to be experiencing a personal crisis which began at least as early as January 2024, according to a refugee resettlement volunteer who worked with the Lakanwal family in Bellingham, Wash. "I worried he would be suicidal because he was so withdrawn." The volunteer spoke with NPR on condition of anonymity because they said they feared for their safety, as well as the safety of others in their volunteer community, because of possible retaliation for having worked with the Lakanwals and other Afghan refugees. In the wake of the attack in Washington, D.C., the Trump administration has frozen all Afghan asylum cases and officials say the legal status of refugees from Afghanistan living in the U.S. toggle caption Andrew Thomas/NurPhoto via Reuters CIA director John Ratcliffe suggested in a statement that Lakanwal and his fellow soldiers weren't properly vetted "This individual — and so many others — should have never been allowed to come here," Ratcliffe said. FBI director Kash Patel also said the Biden administration failed to properly vet "in any way, shape or form this individual and countless others." That account was disputed by Davud., and Biden administration officials who said the Afghans underwent rigorous vetting. We were all vetted," he said, describing years of scrutiny, including polygraph tests and detailed interviews by the CIA and other federal agencies, in Afghanistan and in the United States.

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/12/10/nx-s1-5588384/save-voting-data-us-citizens
Article: Nelson came up with the tally after running the state's entire voting list — more than 18 million voters — through a federal data system known as SAVE that the Trump administration has overhauled this year. "My first thought was something is going on in terms of wanting to adjust and change who is registered to vote." Other eligible Texas voters received the same notice, though official numbers are not yet known. While the changes to SAVE have made the tool more accessible to states, the overhauled system has been widely criticized for being rolled out without public notice, congressional input or transparency about its accuracy. Sponsor Message 47 million voters have had their data run through SAVE Originally a data system that searched numerous Department of Homeland Security and immigration-related databases to check if foreign-born individuals are eligible for government benefits, the Trump administration has transformed SAVE into a tool that it claims can verify most Americans' citizenship or show if someone is listed as deceased. As of May, SAVE is linked to Social Security Administration data, and can be queried with a name, date of birth and the last four numbers of a Social Security number. USCIS urges all states to adopt SAVE and join us in safeguarding the voting rights of American citizens." More than 47 million voters have been run through SAVE, according to the agency. Louisiana found 79 likely noncitizens voted in elections going back to the 1980s, Tennessee referred 42 potential noncitizens who cast ballots to the FBI, and Indiana said it found "at least 21" noncitizens who voted. toggle caption Andrew Harnik/Getty Images "We've checked 47.5 million voter records, we have found 260,000 plus dead people enrolled," said Assistant Attorney General for Civil Rights Harmeet Dhillon in a video released last week. "And finally that there are several thousand noncitizens who are enrolled to vote in federal elections." Sponsor Message NPR asked both the DOJ and USCIS whether the numbers Dhillon cited were confirmed noncitizens, or potential noncitizens. Voting experts have warned that known accuracy issues with SAVE will lead to eligible voters like Anthony Nel being wrongly flagged by the system and potentially disenfranchised, while the problem SAVE seeks to solve — noncitizens voting in federal elections — is incredibly rare. A "giant omnibus database" There are also questions about whether SAVE's overhaul complies with federal privacy laws, particularly given that it uses sensitive Social Security data for a new purpose. Last month, the judge overseeing a federal lawsuit to reverse the project's updates said she was "troubled by the recent changes to SAVE and doubts the lawfulness of the Government's actions." But the Trump administration is taking steps to expand SAVE further and add additional data sources so it can be queried with driver's license numbers. At the end of October, DHS released a belated public notice about SAVE that said data could be shared with other government agencies and "other entities" with DHS agreements for purposes that include monitoring or auditing voter registration records. toggle caption Drew Angerer/Getty Images "I don't think most people, most Americans, think that if they give to an elections administrator for voter registration purposes, sensitive data like a full or partial Social Security number, that it's going to end up in some sort of giant omnibus database in Washington, D.C., that can be easily shared with God knows who for God knows what reason," Minnesota Secretary of State Steve Simon told NPR. "And that is apparently what is going on here." Sponsor Message Last week, Simon and 11 other Democratic secretaries of state signed a public comment opposing changes to SAVE that was among thousands of mostly critical comments. "And there's a real capacity and concern here that that's going to happen in really large numbers." Removed from the voter rolls When Nel plugged his own name and birthday into Denton County's online voter registration lookup recently, the system no longer showed him as registered. There is not yet any official data on how many eligible Texas voters like Nel were flagged by SAVE but Denton County election director Frank Phillips told NPR that so far out of the 84 flagged registered voters he sent notices to, 14 have proven their citizenship. toggle caption Desiree Rios for NPR Fifty-five people in Denton County besides Nel have also had their registration canceled after not responding to the notice, including five people whose notices came back as undeliverable, according to Phillips. Texas election code instructs officials to cancel a voter's registration if they do not respond to such notices in 30 days or if the mail is returned with no forwarding address. A survey last year commissioned by the University of Maryland's Center for Democracy and Civic Engagement and the advocacy group VoteRiders found that in Texas, 7% of adult citizens do not have easy access to citizenship documents. toggle caption Desiree Rios for NPR An "unfiltered and unvetted" list of voters To use SAVE, the Texas secretary of state's office signed an agreement with USCIS that says the state will "institute additional verification" if SAVE does not identify a registered voter as a U.S. "Even though the data we received from SAVE is considered a strong match, we directed counties to treat them as weak matches in order to ensure that counties conducted their own investigation," Nelson wrote in a November email to Travis County officials. "Such investigations can include notifying the voter and requesting proof of citizenship directly from the voter." Sponsor Message Chris McGinn, the executive director of the Texas Association of County Election Officials, said the state did not tell counties what their investigation must entail so the approach has varied by county. McGinn has been in touch with 112 counties and learned that while some are trying to gather more information, most relied on sending out mailed notices, and the response rates to those notices were low. Officials in Travis County, where Austin is located, last week wrote a searing public comment about the use of SAVE in Texas, labeling the list of potential noncitizens that the secretary of state gave counties "unfiltered and unvetted" and alleged it was "another bad faith attempt to remove voters from the rolls, including many people who likely previously demonstrated their citizenship in a transaction with the State of Texas." Travis County officials found a quarter of the voters SAVE flagged in their county had registered to vote at the Department of Public Safety, which issues driver's licenses. Voters who register at DPS are supposed to show proof of citizenship and those documents stay on file, though it is also possible that some of those registrations were in error. The secretary of state's office did not cross-check SAVE results with DPS records to check for evidence that any of the flagged voters had previously proven their citizenship before sharing the list with counties, according to a statement the office gave the nonprofit news outlet Votebeat. The secretary of state's office did not respond to NPR's request for comment, but DPS officials told Travis County in an email that it was "not involved" in creating the secretary of state's list. toggle caption Jay Janner/American-Statesman/USA Today Network via Reuters Celia Israel, Travis County's Democratic tax assessor-collector and voter registrar, said she has been asking the secretary of state's office and DPS to help her access DPS records since late October. Top of mind for Israel is a past episode in 2019 when the secretary of state at the time claimed to have identified 95,000 potential noncitizens on the voter rolls but the list wound up including a significant number of naturalized citizens. "We're living at a time in which the folks who are running this country are denying election results and using tools like this to tamp down the vote and discourage the vote," Israel said. So this to me is also a note to how we could deal with this in a larger fashion next year." A known defect in SAVE Nel was born in Port Elizabeth, South Africa, now known as Gqeberha, and immigrated to Texas with his family when he was just 8. toggle caption Desiree Rios for NPR USCIS' own fact sheet warns that "if an individual with acquired citizenship has not received a Certificate of Citizenship from USCIS (e.g., some foreign-born children of U.S. citizenship." Sponsor Message The sheet goes on to say, "In these circumstances, SAVE returns the case to the user agency for review of their information for data entry errors or to seek additional information from the individual." Furthermore, a Privacy Impact Assessment DHS published at the end of October acknowledges, "due to misspellings of names, transposed numbers or incomplete information, the SAVE program may produce inaccurate results." The assessment says that SAVE has a multistep review process, but when the system is queried with Social Security numbers — which is what states use to check voter rolls — it "does not allow for a second and third step review." Voting rights advocates have also raised concerns about the completeness of Social Security Administration's citizenship records and the accuracy of data matches using just the last four digits of a Social Security number.

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/12/10/nx-s1-5637464/education-department-layoffs-civil-rights
Article: That left 299 OCR employees, roughly half of its staff, in legal and professional limbo – because the department elected to place them on paid administrative leave while the legal battle plays out rather than allow them to work. That email, which was shared with NPR by two people who received it, says that, while the Trump administration will continue its legal battle to downsize the department, "utilizing all OCR employees, including those currently on administrative leave, will bolster and refocus efforts on enforcement activities in a way that serves and benefits parents, students, and families." Sponsor Message Staff were instructed to report to their regional office on Monday, Dec. In a statement to NPR, Julie Hartman, the department's press secretary for legal affairs, confirmed that the department "will temporarily bring back OCR staff." "The Department will continue to appeal the persistent and unceasing litigation disputes concerning the Reductions in Force," Hartman wrote, "but in the meantime, it will utilize all employees currently being compensated by American taxpayers." The department did not clarify how many staffers it was recalling or why it was recalling them now, after keeping them on paid administrative leave for much of the year. "By blocking OCR staff from doing their jobs, Department leadership allowed a massive backlog of civil rights complaints to grow, and now expects these same employees to clean up a crisis entirely of the Department's own making," said Rachel Gittleman, president of AFGE Local 252, a union that represents many Education Department employees. "Students, families, and schools have paid the price for this chaos." The department did not respond to a request to share the current size of OCR's complaint backlog, but one department source who spoke on the condition of anonymity for fear of retribution by the Trump administration, told NPR that OCR now has about 25,000 pending complaints, including roughly 7,000 open investigations. Sponsor Message Gittleman said the administration's decision to keep these OCR attorneys on paid leave "has already wasted more than $40 million in taxpayer funds— rather than letting them do their jobs." NPR could not independently verify that cost. Maggie Heilman told NPR that she filed a complaint with OCR in 2024, alleging that her daughter, who has Down syndrome, was denied her right to a free, appropriate public education at school. Of the administration's decision to try to cut many attorneys who protect students' civil rights, Heilman said, "it's telling families with children like [my daughter] that their hurt doesn't matter." Since Trump took office, public data shows that OCR has reached resolution agreements in 73 cases involving alleged disability discrimination.

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/12/10/nx-s1-5633393/federal-reserve-interest-rates-inflation-jobs
Article: A divided Fed is expected to cut rates for a 3rd straight time toggle caption Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images The Federal Reserve is again expected to lower its benchmark interest rate by a quarter percentage point Wednesday, in an effort to support a weakening job market. For now, policymakers have to rely on somewhat stale economic data from September, when annual inflation was clocked at 2.8%, according to the Fed's preferred measure, while unemployment stood at 4.4%.

Link: https://feeds.texastribune.org/link/16799/17228855/texas-a-m-mark-welsh-regents-abbott-fired
Article: “From what I have heard along with this and other articles, I have many questions.” Bellinger shared a link to a post from Texas Scorecard, a conservative website read by many of the state’s Republican elected leaders. Just weeks earlier, the same website emphasized that it was former President Barack Obama who appointed Welsh to the Joint Chiefs of Staff, overseeing 660,000 service members of the U.S. In an interview, Albritton told The Texas Tribune he wanted to show the governor Welsh was the right man for the job as regents considered making him the permanent president. Ronaldo Bolaños and Courtney Sacco for The Texas Tribune During the short meeting at the Capitol, Abbott peppered Welsh with questions about the comments Texas Scorecard had dug up, and about Welsh’s views on diversity, equity, and inclusion policies. “There’s no doubt the governor was looking for somebody that was conservative in nature, and I think that he felt that maybe Mark was not as conservative as he was hoping he would be,” Albritton said. Welsh III stands outside Kyle Field before addressing the senior class during Elephant Walk, the longstanding tradition where seniors take a symbolic walk across campus to reflect on their time at the university, on Wednesday, Nov. Eli Hartman and Lorianne Willett/The Texas Tribune Texas Scorecard, run by conservative activist and Aggie alum Michael Quinn Sullivan, would publish more than 115 posts — more than one a week — about A&M during Welsh’s two-year presidency. His departure punctuates a rapid-fire period of hyper-politicization in higher education as the Trump administration and Texas lawmakers placed more scrutiny on college campuses over DEI policies and discourse around LGBTQ+ identities. “There was a loss of confidence in him as not being a strong enough or aggressive enough advocate of the kind of culture that the state leadership wants.” The role of the regent Welsh took the helm at A&M as the political winds were gusting to the right — and as university regents were emboldened by state officials to take more active roles on campuses. Dan Patrick — then the face of DEI pushback — individually sat down with more than a dozen appointees before the Senate’s traditionally perfunctory confirmation vote, according to his calendar. “He has publicly been very clear that there is no room for divisive and discriminatory DEI policies or the ‘woke’ agenda being pushed by liberal elites on campus,” Patrick’s spokesperson Steven Aranyi said to the Tribune, confirming the meetings. Spokesperson Andrew Mahaleris told the Tribune Abbott expects regents to “ensure that our higher education campuses continue to focus on developing our students into the best and brightest in the world.” Albritton acknowledged the board has to pay attention to the lawmakers who fund them. He added they’re not trying to micromanage, but the regents have a responsibility ”to make sure things do not spin out of control.” From left: Texas A&M Regents Sam Torn, David Baggett and John Bellinger, appointed by Gov. Courtney Sacco for The Texas Tribune Abbott’s nearly 11 years as governor mean he’s appointed all of the regents on the state’s public university boards — and they are often some of his highest-dollar donors. But in Sharp’s fall 2023 performance evaluation, the board made it clear they wanted to see some changes: They said stakeholders can feel “bowled over rather than full partners.” They directed Sharp to loop them in on any decisions that “might post significant reputational risk to any part of the system.” That summer, A&M was roiled by two controversies revealing an unfamiliar level of political interference within the administration. Shortly after, the Tribune reported that A&M had placed another professor on leave after the lieutenant governor asked the system to investigate comments the instructor allegedly made about him during a lecture, further eroding trust among the rank and file. “For most of us, it feels like part of A&M died this month, and I think we need to properly mourn,” former Faculty Senate Speaker Tracy Hammond said during a meeting at the time. He announced his retirement the following year — but in an interview, Albritton said that while Sharp positively advanced the university, many board members “felt it was time for a change.” “I thank the support of Gov. “If a regent calls me and says, ‘Hey, I really am worried about this,’ I’ll say, ‘Thank you for the call,’” Welsh told the Faculty Senate a few weeks after being named interim president. “But I’m not going to call the department head and tell them who to hire.” That fall, he told The Washington Post that while the university would abide by the state’s new DEI ban, he did not believe it was “beneficial to where we are trying to go long-range as a society.” Matt Poling, president of The Rudder Association, poses for a portrait next to the statue of former Texas A&M President James Earl Rudder on the Texas A&M University campus in College Station on Oct. Cassie Stricker for The Texas Tribune Alumni groups like the Rudder Association — created in 2020 to push back against calls to remove the campus statue of former A&M president and Confederate general, Lawrence Sullivan Ross — bristled at Welsh’s comments. What Texas A&M and higher education needs right now is a conservative leader.” Closing Qatar One of Welsh’s first major challenges at the helm involved A&M’s role in the Middle East amid boiling geopolitical tension. Alex Sergeev via Wikimedia Commons In February 2024, with no public discussion, the regents voted 7-1 to wind down operations in Qatar, citing “heightened instability in the Middle East.” Just one regent, Michael Plank, dissented. “I’ll be honest, although the discussions with the A&M System and the Board of Regents have been ongoing for several months, I think all of us here are also still processing the events of the last couple of days,” Welsh said, according to a transcript of the meeting. Former A&M President Michael Young — who’d been watching the heated discourse from the sidelines — emailed him about one of the false reports, calling it “nonsense.” He ended the email on a prescient note: “Are you absolutely positive you want to take this job??” The spirit of the Corps Before Welsh set foot in the president’s office, a storm was brewing involving one of the university’s most sacred cows: the Corps of Cadets, the largest uniformed student body outside the country’s service academies. Meanwhile, the state was pushing for laws that moved in the opposite direction, and in June 2023, Attorney General Ken Paxton had sued the federal government to stop the new protections. But they arrived at a consensus: Rather than renovate all dorms across the Corps, the administration would commit to building a gender-neutral restroom in four of the Corps’ 12 dorms. Courtney Sacco and Cassie Stricker for The Texas Tribune In May 2024, the Rudder Association posted on its website claiming A&M would spend upward of $72 million on renovating every restroom in the Corps, adding that it had come about because of “a senior male cadet who had appropriated the female gender” and it was likely the regents hadn’t “been fully advised of this scheme or approved of it.” Except the regents had discussed it — and OK’d the plans months prior. “It just got to a level of frustration that Mark always wanted to have a board action in order to make decisions that the board felt should be made at the presidential level, without board involvement,” Albritton said. In January 2024, as Texas Scorecard was repeatedly writing about the teaching of gender identity on campus, Regent Michael Hernandez sent an angry email to Welsh after he was contacted by the website for comment about various LGBTQ+ events and courses on campus the site was preparing to write about. “Why do we allow the administration to continue to promote these liberal agendas that are clearly against the Texas Legislature and the vast majority of Texas taxpayers?” The university’s LGBTQ minor was particularly in the crosshairs. Texas Scorecard highlighted the university’s new LGBTQ studies minor in 2023, and shortly after, the provost’s office launched a broad review that found dozens of low-enrolled programs, including the LGBTQ studies minor, and recommended them for removal. “They have never printed a retraction when we provided them the facts, and so I don’t worry about them too much.” But it was consuming communication staffers who struggled to manage and respond to the criticism. In December 2024, an alum emailed Welsh, citing a Texas Scorecard post, and accused him of leading the university down a “WOKE path.” “You clearly don’t know me at all,” Welsh wrote back. … Not sure what you’re expecting here or what you hope to accomplish with threats.” Hernandez retorted: “You are in way over your head.” Welsh takes heed In early 2025, internal emails began circulating on X that showed A&M inviting faculty and graduate students to attend a national professional development conference intended to increase diversity among faculty. In an email to administrators, he said that whether or not the conference violates the state’s DEI ban, “I just don’t believe it meets the intent and is therefore not a good business decision for us.” With the Legislature underway, A&M officials were trying not to rock the boat as hundreds of millions of dollars in state funding for the flagship hung in the balance. In one early 2025 email, government relations official Julie Kopycinski wrote to Welsh that Patrick would soon try to get the attention of institutions of higher education by threatening tens of millions in funding for public universities. “Julie — what part of our ‘attention’ is he trying to get?” “That we have collectively lost our core mission,” Kopycinski wrote back, “and are still too dei and leftist focused.” Welsh appeared to take heed. A few weeks after Kopycinski’s email, he vetoed a Faculty Senate decision to add a course called “Introduction to Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, Transgender, and Queer Studies” to the university’s core curriculum. The ultimatum A few weeks into Welsh’s third fall semester as president, he got a call from Tyson Voelkel, the president and CEO of the Texas A&M Foundation, the main fundraising arm for the university that manages a $3 billion endowment. Voelkel told Welsh he’d just heard from the regents chair, Albritton, who had asked whether he’d be interested in the job as interim president, four people familiar with the call said. A few days prior, Harrison, the state representative, had posted a series of videos on X, including one showing a student confronting an A&M professor over teaching gender in a children’s literature course, and another of Welsh telling the student he wouldn’t fire the professor. (He ultimately fired the lecturer.) The Texas A&M University System Board of Regents listens to public comment during a regents meeting at the Texas A&M Hotel and Conference Center in College Station on Thursday, Nov. Courtney Sacco for The Texas Tribune Albritton said some regents were upset by that comment, calling it bad judgment to state that she would not be fired before knowing all of the facts. Courtney Sacco and Cassie Stricker for The Texas Tribune Williams had little experience in academia, but is a known quantity in the Capitol as a lobbyist, former lawmaker for 16 years, and former adviser to Abbott. He once authored a bill that would make it more difficult for trans people to get married, stating at the time that “the Texas Constitution clearly defines marriage between one man and one woman.” Williams did not respond to a request for comment. Wayne Roberts, a top university donor, wrote to Hegar that Welsh “is the best president we’ve had in my lifetime.” He added, “We desperately need stability in our leadership, something we’ve not enjoyed over the last few decades.” Neil Bush, the son of former President George H. “It demands integrity, steadfast leadership, and a vision larger than any temporary partisan moment.” Hegar would give Welsh the same ultimatum in the following days, and Welsh submitted his resignation on Sept. “We were troubled by a pattern of actions and statements which were typical of a DEI ideology.” Harrison, who sparked the final controversy by posting the video online, took a victory lap, posting, “WE DID IT! TEXAS A&M PRESIDENT IS OUT!!” Back on campus, hundreds of students, staff and faculty amassed at the administration building to cheer Welsh and his wife as they walked out for the final time, a rare showing for a university that has seen a dozen people in the president’s office since the turn of the millennium. Disclosure: Texas A&M Foundation and Texas A&M University have been financial supporters of The Texas Tribune, a nonprofit, nonpartisan news organization that is funded in part by donations from members, foundations and corporate sponsors.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/dark-fire-ukraine-strains-lights/story?id=128231958
Article: In the dark and under fire, Ukraine strains to keep the lights on People use a flashlight as they walk during a power blackout after critical civil infrastructure was hit by recent Russian attacks in Kyiv, Ukraine, on Dec. LONDON -- Millions of Ukrainians have been plunged into frequent darkness and cold as Russian drones and missiles wage a systematic long-range campaign against the country's energy grid for the fourth consecutive winter. We can see power cuts from four up to 10 hours a day." Russia's nightly bombardments have increasingly targeted energy infrastructure in recent months, Ukrainian officials say, often involving hundreds of drones and dozens of missiles. This year's bombardments have been even more punishing than those in the back end of last winter, he added, when Ukraine had 42% of its domestic gas production knocked out. "Their goal is clear -- this is pure terrorism," he said, "to put us into the darkness without heat during this winter season." Analysts have suggested that Western support could prove vital in helping Ukraine through this winter. "Without substantial Western support -- particularly air defense systems, transformers, and financial assistance for emergency repairs -- blackouts are likely to be more regular, people will suffer in the cold, and economic activity may slow," political consultant Kateryna Odarchenk wrote for the Center for European Policy Analysis this month. Zelenskyy and his top officials have consistently pressed Western allies to provide more air defense systems and ammunition, to help Ukrainian defenders protect civilian centers, military sites and critical infrastructure. Yuriy Boyechko, the CEO of the Hope For Ukraine charity, told ABC News that the current energy crisis is a result of inadequate air defenses in the face of "the relentless deluge of Russian missiles and drones." He added, "The only viable solution is immediate, comprehensive air defense support from Western allies." Naftogaz CEO Serhii Koretskyi stands at his office in Kyiv, Ukraine, on Nov. As of December, Naftogaz estimated that Ukraine needed to import 4.4 billion cubic meters of gas through to the end of this heating season -- which Ukraine's government estimates will end by around March 31. This year already, more than 500 million cubic meters of American liquid natural gas (LNG) have been imported, with another 300 million cubic meters agreed for import earlier next year. "I do believe Ukrainians recognize the risk, the challenge, that Russia will continue bombing us." "Nobody can imagine what will happen in the coming months or weeks," he added, suggesting that Ukrainians may have to summon reserves of resilience already tapped by almost four years of full-scale war.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Business/divided-fed-set-announce-decision-interest-rates/story?id=128204427
Article: The Federal Reserve is set to announce its latest adjustment of interest rates on Wednesday, potentially slashing borrowing costs for the third time this year in an effort to boost sluggish hiring. Inflation has picked up in recent months alongside the hiring slowdown, posing a risk of an economic double-whammy known as "stagflation." The Fed is stuck in a bind, since the central bank must balance a dual mandate to keep inflation under control and maximize employment. The chances of a quarter-point interest rate cut stand at about 87%, surging from a level as low as 30% last month, according to CME FedWatch Tool, a measure of market sentiment. Andrew Harnik/Getty Images The prospects appeared to move in response to a murky jobs report and public statements from two allies of Powell on the committee charged with setting rates. New York Fed President John Williams, who is often in lockstep with Powell, days later voiced openness toward a rate cut, telling reporters he still saw “room for a further adjustment in the near term.” Soon afterward, San Francisco Fed President Mary Daley took a similar position, telling reporters she sees room “for a further adjustment in the near term.” Daley, who isn’t voting on interest rates this year, is widely viewed as a supporter of Powell.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/10/australia-16-year-old-teens-ban-social-media-policy-law-ig-tiktok-fb-reddit-youtube-snapchat.html
Article: In this article RDDT SNAP Follow your favorite stocks CREATE FREE ACCOUNT In this photo illustration, iPhone screens display various social media apps on the screens on February 9, 2025 in Bath, England. Anna Barclay | Getty Images News | Getty Images Australia on Wednesday became the first country to formally bar users under the age of 16 from accessing major social media platforms, a move expected to be closely monitored by global tech companies and policymakers around the world. Canberra's ban, which came into effect from midnight local time, targets 10 major services, including Alphabet 's YouTube, Meta' s Instagram, ByteDance's TikTok, Reddit , Snapchat and Elon Musk's X. However, the impact of the policy could be even wider, as it will set a benchmark for other governments considering teen social media bans, including Denmark, Norway, France, Spain, Malaysia and New Zealand. Among those welcoming the official ban on Wednesday was Jonathan Haidt, social psychologist and author of The Anxious Generation, a 2024 best-selling book that linked a growing mental health crisis to smartphone and social media usage, especially for the young. watch now In a post on social media platform X, Haidt commended policymakers in Australia for "freeing kids under 16 from the social media trap." "There will surely be difficulties in the early months, but the world is rooting for your success, and many other nations will follow," he added. "The most effective way to protect children and young people online is by protecting all social media users through better regulation, stronger data protection laws and better platform design," said Amnesty Tech Programme Director Damini Satija. watch now Meanwhile, David Inserra, a fellow for free expression and technology at the Cato Institute, warned in a blog post that children would evade the new policy by shifting to new platforms, private apps like Telegram, or VPNs, driving them to "more isolated communities and platforms with fewer protections" where monitoring is harder. Tech companies like Google have also warned that the policy could be extremely difficult to enforce, while government-commissioned reports have pointed to inaccuracies in age-verification technology, such as selfie-based age-guessing software. However, Australian Prime Minister Anthony Albanese had attempted to preempt these issues, acknowledging in an opinion piece on Sunday that the system would not work flawlessly from the start, likening it to liquor laws. Many young people have been posting on TikTok that they successfully evaded the age limitations and that's to be expected," said Terry Flew, an Australian media and communications scholar and professor. Global implications Experts told CNBC that the policy rollout in Australia will be closely watched by tech firms and lawmakers worldwide, as other countries consider their own moves to ban or restrict teen social media usage.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/sports/2025/12/10/mohamed-salah-egypt-teammates-rally-behind-unsettled-teammate-before-afcon?traffic_source=rss
Article: While the future of Mohamed Salah at Liverpool hangs in the balance, Egypt teammates have rallied behind the national team captain ahead of the 2025 Africa Cup of Nations (AFCON) in Morocco. “Players like him do not get benched,” said striker Ahmed “Kouka” Hassan on social media, referring to Salah being a substitute in the last three Liverpool fixtures, and coming on only once. Keep working hard brother, every situation in life is temporary, moments like this pass, what stays is your greatness.” Head coach and former star Hossam Hassan posted a photograph of himself and Salah and a message: “Always a symbol of perseverance and strength.” “The greatest Liverpool legend of all time,” wrote winger Ahmed “Zizo” El Sayed. “I think it is very clear that someone wanted me to get all of the blame (for the slump)… someone does not want me in the club.” Advertisement Salah was omitted from the squad that travelled to Milan for a Champions League clash with Inter on Tuesday and has hinted that he may not play for Liverpool again. ‘Great feeling’ Saudi Arabia says it will do “whatever it can” to recruit Salah during the mid-season transfer window, a Public Investment Fund (PIF) source in the kingdom told AFP. It is a great feeling every time you step on the field wearing the Egyptian colours.” Salah has suffered much heartbreak in four AFCON tournaments as Egypt twice finished runners-up and twice exited in the round of 16. This year, Egypt boast an array of attacking talent with Salah, Omar Marmoush from Manchester City, Mostafa Mohamed of Nantes and Mahmoud ‘Trezeguet’ Hassan and Zizo from Cairo giants Al Ahly. Group B is the only one of the six in Morocco featuring two qualifiers for the 2026 World Cup, with Egypt and South Africa heading to the global showpiece in North America.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/video/newsfeed/2025/12/10/palestine-is-on-a-historic-run-in-the-arab-cup-amidst-gaza-devastation?traffic_source=rss
Article: Palestine is on a historic run in the Arab Cup, amidst Gaza devastation NewsFeed Palestine is on a historic run in the Arab Cup, amidst Gaza devastation Palestine has made history in the Arab Cup, reaching the quarterfinals for the first time.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/10/drc-fighting-pushes-200000-people-to-flee-as-m23-advance-dozens-killed?traffic_source=rss
Article: About 200,000 people have fled their homes in the eastern Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC) in recent days, the United Nations says, as Rwanda-backed rebels swarm a strategic town just days after a United States-led peace effort, which now appears under severe threat. The M23 armed group pushed into the outskirts of the strategic city of Uvira in South Kivu province on Tuesday, local authorities said, as part of a new offensive in which at least 74 people had been killed, according to the UN. The accord did not include the rebels, who are negotiating separately with the DRC and agreed earlier this year to a ceasefire that both sides accuse each other of violating, but it obliges Rwanda to halt support for armed groups. Despite the renewed fighting just beginning on Monday, the M23 has managed to capture several strongholds, including Uvira now, “a big gain”, said Al Jazeera’s Alain Uaykani, reporting from Goma, the biggest city in the eastern DRC. Uvira has not just been a military base but also the administrative place for the government since they were chased out from the town of Bukavu in January, he said. “So it was almost like a stronghold of the government position, from where they reorganised themselves,” Uaykani said, adding that it was also a place the government was hoping to chase out the rebels from. “There is no DRC army in sight because the majority of them took the boat yesterday to cross into the neighbouring province of Tanganyika, and the majority of them are still making their way forward,” he added. In Washington, DC, the International Contact Group for the Great Lakes (ICG), an informal monitoring group of several countries, including the US and the European Union, late on Tuesday voiced “profound concern” over the renewed violence, the ICG said in a joint statement. Despite the group’s intention to advance on Uvira, M23 leader Bertrand Bisimwa reiterated the group’s support for Qatari-led peace talks in Doha, where representatives from the two sides signed a framework agreement last month for a peace deal aimed at ending fighting in the eastern DRC. “Even if we counterattack, we said that there are no other solutions in the current crisis than the negotiating table, and we want to bring Kinshasa to the negotiating table,” Bisimwa said. A senior Trump administration official said Washington was monitoring the situation, working with the DRC and Rwanda, and that “the president has made clear to both sides that implementation is what he will judge, and as he stated, he is expecting immediate results”.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/business/economy/fed-prepares-cut-rates-third-time-year-rcna248226
Article: "Very low-churn dynamics of the labor market continue, with the hiring rate back at the low of 3.2% and the quit rate falling to a new low of 1.8%," analysts at Citigroup noted. The JOLTS report also showed that the delayed October jobs report coming Tuesday is likely to have a 65,000-worker drag in it "from buyout offers given to federal workers in the spring." There are also the potential headwinds created by President Donald Trump's tariffs. Wells Fargo Chairman and CEO Charlie Scharf said Tuesday that his bank's business customers "continue to do quite well" but that tariffs continue to be a source of short-term pressure. "They're encouraged long-term by what tariffs will mean for them to be able to be competitive, but it has created pressure for them in the shorter-term," Scharf said at Goldman Sachs' U.S. From her perch as CEO of consumer and community banking at JPMorgan, Lake has insight into the more than 85 million consumers and 7 million small businesses her bank serves.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/supreme-court-birthright-citizenship-ruling-what-to-know-11184124
Article: At issue is President Donald Trump’s January 2025 Executive Order 14160, “Protecting the Meaning and Value of American Citizenship,” which instructs federal agencies not to recognize citizenship for children born in the United States to “temporary visitors and illegal aliens” if their birth occurs more than 30 days after the order takes effect. The court’s decision will determine not only the legal status of children born to undocumented or temporary status parents, but also the constitutional boundaries of who belongs in the American political community. The ruling will shape immigration policy, define the limits of executive power, and decide whether the United States continues its historically broad interpretation of jus soli—Latin for “right of the soil,” the principle that a person becomes a citizen simply by being born within a country’s territory. Its Citizenship Clause states: “All persons born or naturalized in the United States, and subject to the jurisdiction thereof, are citizens of the United States and of the State wherein they reside.” This principle was confirmed some years later in United States vs. Washington agree that the Citizenship Clause requires two things—birth in the United States and being “subject to the jurisdiction” of the United States—but they disagree sharply about what that second phrase meant in 1868 and what it means today. citizenship is a right no less precious than life or liberty,” and that the policy “conflicts with the plain language of the 14th Amendment, contradicts 125-year-old binding Supreme Court precedent and runs counter to our nation’s 250-year history of citizenship by birth.” The dispute therefore turns on the meaning of one constitutional phrase—“subject to the jurisdiction thereof”—a phrase that has divided scholars, judges, and political leaders for decades. Amar writes that “if you’re born in America under the American flag, you’re an American citizen…the daughter of a president or the son of an undocumented…immigrant,” describing this as a straightforward endorsement of territorial birthright citizenship. Lash contends that “birth on American soil by itself confers no such right,” and that the jurisdiction requirement excludes children born into a “context of refused or counter-allegiance to the United States.” The Supreme Court's Interpretation So Far In the Wong Kim Ark case, the Court held that a U.S.-born child of Chinese nationals legally residing in the country was a citizen under the 14th Amendment, relying on what it called the “common-law rule” of jus soli. Wilkins case, which stated that “no one can become a citizen of a nation without its consent,” using that line to argue that the United States did not consent to citizenship for the U.S.-born children of undocumented immigrants. How Scholars Interpret the Birthright Citizenship Debate Legal scholars have long disagreed about how the Citizenship Clause applies to the children of noncitizens, and those disagreements now inform the Supreme Court’s review. Amanda Frost, a professor of law at the University of Virginia explains that the Supreme Court concluded that “all persons born in the United States—whatever their race, ethnicity, or the immigration status of their parents—are U.S. Smith of the University of Pennsylvania argues that the framers intended the 14th Amendment to repudiate Dred Scott and create a broad, egalitarian rule of birthright citizenship, even though the amendment’s drafters struggled to reconcile their goals with complicated questions about Native American tribes. In the book Democracy Reborn: The Fourteenth Amendment and the Fight for Equal Rights in Post-Civil War America, Garrett Epps, professor of practice at the University of Oregon School of Law, states: “The Senate struggled with the question of Native Americans, whose allegiance was thought to lie with their tribes, not the United States. Ramsey of the University of San Diego argues that although the original meaning of the clause supports a wide rule, the framers left “little evidence that [they] considered or could have foreseen the modern implications” of universal birthright citizenship. Together, these perspectives frame the central question for the justices: Does the Citizenship Clause establish a simple rule based on birthplace alone, or does it require a deeper relationship of allegiance between parent and nation? What Birthright Citizenship Advocates Say The respondent states argue that the 14th Amendment “bestow[s] citizenship on children born in the United States regardless of…the immigration status of their parents.” They rely heavily on Wong Kim Ark, emphasizing that “every branch of the federal government has long endorsed it.” Their brief notes that the clause contains “no mention of parental citizenship, immigration status, ‘primary allegiance,’ or domicile,” and that reading such limits into “subject to the jurisdiction thereof” contradicts both the text and the common-law rule of jus soli. The respondent states also rely on treatises like Frederick Van Dyne’s Citizenship of the United States, (1904) affirming that, under longstanding American law and common-law principles, nearly all children born on U.S. When asked during the Civil Rights Act of 1866 debates whether the proposed language would “have the effect of naturalizing the children of Chinese and Gypsies born in this country,” Senator Lyman Trumbull, an Illinois Republican, replied: “Undoubtedly.” Respondents also cite Amar’s description of the broad birthright rule and argue that this reflects the Reconstruction-era Republican understanding of equal citizenship. citizenship at birth even if their parents were in the United States illegally,” as evidence that federal agencies have consistently interpreted the clause to cover U.S.-born children of undocumented immigrants. This rule is known as ‘birthright citizenship,’ and it derives from both the Constitution and complementary statutes and regulations.” Taken together, the respondent states present their case as grounded not only in the 14th Amendment’s text and Wong Kim Ark, but also in what the University of Virginia's Frost describes as more than a century of “birthright citizenship…well established in U.S. What the Trump Administration Says The White House argues that the Citizenship Clause was “adopted to confer citizenship on the newly freed slaves and their children, not on the children of aliens temporarily visiting the United States or of illegal aliens.” It claims that American birthright citizenship requires “primary allegiance” to the United States—a condition it says is absent when parents are neither citizens nor lawful permanent residents—and that EO 14160 restores the clause’s original meaning. It frames its position as part of a broader effort to reassert executive control over immigration and citizenship policy, arguing that universal jus soli has expanded far beyond what the 14th Amendment intended.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cy47089ql14o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Meghan makes contact with estranged father in hospital 25 minutes ago Share Save Paul Glynn Culture reporter Share Save Getty Images A letter from Meghan, the Duchess of Sussex has now reached her estranged father, who is in hospital in the Philippines. They said Mr Markle - a retired TV lighting director, who previously suffered a heart attack - "contacted Ms Graham when he was taken ill and asked her to travel to the Philippines to be with him". "Ms Graham has made clear that if she can do anything to facilitate contact between Mr Markle and his daughter to have a conversation, then she would be happy to do so," they added. "That remains the case." On Wednesday, a spokesperson for the duchess said: "Given that a Daily Mail reporter has remained at her father's bedside throughout, broadcasting each interaction and breaching clear ethical boundaries, it has been exceedingly difficult for the Duchess to contact her father privately, despite her efforts over the past several days.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/tennis/articles/c1e4dej01yeo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: You make comments when you're younger and you change." The former world number 13 said he is a "different person" now, adding: "I'm not going to sit here and say I'm an amazing role model, but I've grown and I'm definitely more mature now." Kyrgios said he has not given "a thought" to the possibility he could become a poster boy for misogynists ready to criticise women's sport if he beats Sabalenka. "So I can't do anything other than hope me and Aryna play our best tennis and, at the end of the day, whoever wins, that our handshake afterwards solidifies the union between males and females in the tennis world." Kyrgios, who has been open about his alcohol and drug abuse in the past, said he is not concerned about losing face if he loses to Sabalenka. I've lost tennis matches before, so it's not really a big deal." Kyrgios said he sees the event, as well as recent exhibitions in Atlanta and New York alongside Sabalenka, Naomi Osaka, Ben Shelton and Tommy Paul - as crucial preparation for a fuller return to the ATP Tour in 2026.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/10/imfs-georgieva-urges-china-to-speed-up-shift-from-exports.html
Article: International Monetary Fund (IMF) Managing Director Kristalina Georgieva attends the 1+10 Dialogue with leaders of International Economic Organisations, with China's Premier Li Qiang (not pictured) in Beijing on December 9, 2025. "As the second-largest economy in the world, China is simply too big to generate much growth in exports and continuing to depend on export-like growth risks [and] furthering global trade tensions," Georgieva told reporters Wednesday. She said the country has to "accelerate" its decades-long plan to shift away from relying on exports for growth, adding it would be "beneficial for China, it is beneficial for the world economy." She said this change was "so as not to provoke other countries to take measures to curb down Chinese exports." Her comments came as trade tensions between China and the U.S.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/list-schools-closing-wednesday-winter-storm-11185246
Article: have been forced to close schools or delay starts for Wednesday, December 10, due to a winter storm that hit starting Monday, with snow continuing to fall the following day. What To Know The following is a region-by-region breakdown of confirmed school closures and major delays for Wednesday, December 10, 2025, as reported by local media and school authorities at the time of publishing. Virginia According to WRIC—serving the Richmond–Petersburg, Virginia, area—the following school districts will be fully closed on Wednesday, December 10, 2025: Amelia County Public Schools Brunswick County Public Schools Buckingham County Public Schools Cumberland County Public Schools Dinwiddie County Public Schools Fluvanna County Public Schools Goochland County Public Schools Lunenburg County Public Schools Mecklenburg County Public Schools Nottoway County Public Schools Petersburg City Public Schools Prince Edward County Public Schools Prince George County Public Schools Powhatan County Public Schools Other central Virginia school districts, including the following, will be operating on a two-hour delay: Chesterfield County Public Schools Colonial Heights Public Schools Hanover County Public Schools Henrico County Public Schools King William County Public Schools Louisa County Public Schools New Kent County Public Schools Richmond City Public Schools Sussex County Public Schools Additional districts may be closed, so residents in the Virginia area are advised to check WRIC’s live closings page for updates . North Carolina According to CBS 17, the following school districts will open on Wednesday, but will enforce delayed starts: Granville County — 2-hour delay Halifax County — 3-hour delay Northampton County — 2-hour delay Vance County — 2-hour delay Warren County — 2-hour delay Parents are advised to check with their local schools for the latest updates. Michigan According to WXYZ—the ABC television affiliate in Detroit, Michigan—confirmed public school closures for Wednesday include: Allen Park Public Schools Birmingham Public Schools Center Line Public Schools Clawson Public Schools Dearborn Public Schools Detroit Edison Public Academy Detroit Public Schools Ecorse Public Schools Farmington Public Schools Ferndale Public Schools Fitzgerald Public Schools Fraser Public Schools Hamtramck Public Schools Lake Shore Public Schools Lakeview Public Schools (Macomb) Lamphere Public Schools L'Anse Creuse Public Schools Livonia Public Schools Madison Dist Public Schools (Oakland) Marysville Public Schools Northville Public School District Southfield Public Schools Van Dyke Public Schools Warren Woods Public Schools Wyandotte Public Schools Numerous other private, charter, and Montessori schools are also closed, with partial closures or special schedules for some programs. Minnesota According to Bring Me The News—a Minnesota-based news outlet—schools that are fully closed on Wednesday include: Global Academy, New Brighton Princeton Schools Royalton Schools The following schools are operating a 2-hour delayed start: Aitkin Public Schools Ashby Schools Battle Lake Schools Belgrade-Brooten-Elrosa Bemidji Area Schools Blackduck Schools Brainerd Public Schools Cass Lake-Bena Schools Crosby-Ironton Eden Valley-Watkins GFW Schools Glencoe-Silver Lake Schools Hinckley-Finlayson Schools Isle Public Schools Kimball Area Public Schools Little Falls Schools Menahga Schools Mid-State Public Schools Nay Ah Shing Schools Onamia Schools Ortonville Schools Park Rapids Schools Parkers Prairie Schools Pelican Rapids Public Schools Pequot Lake Schools Perham/Dent Schools Pillager Schools Pine City Public Schools Pine River/Backus Red Rock Central Public Schools Sebeka Schools United South Central Schools Upsala Area Schools Verndale School Wadena-Deer Creek Public Schools Walker-Hackensack-Akeley Schools West-Central Area Schools Wheaton Area Schools And the following are running an e-learning schedule: Staples-Motley Schools Urban Academy Charter School, St.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/americas-most-respsonsible-companies-las-vegas-sands-caesars-entertainment-resort-casinos-11176394
Article: Katarina Tesarova, the chief sustainability officer at Sands, has been with the company for nearly 15 years, while Eric Dominguez, the senior vice president of engineering and asset management at Caesars, celebrated 20 years with the organization earlier this year. A Blessing and a Curse In an interview with Newsweek, Tesarova recognized that the size and scale of their properties is both an advantage and a “curse.” “We operate large properties that have many different functions under one roof,” she explained. On one hand, that gives Sands a massive opportunity to identify, invest, test and pilot technologies that could be integrated across its portfolio—much like it has with its LED lighting system and air conditioning units. After completing the sale of its namesake Las Vegas properties in 2022, Sands turned to focus on the Asian market, where it currently operates the iconic Marina Bay Sands in Singapore as well as The Venetian Macao, Sands Macao, The Londoner Macao, The Plaza Macao & Four Seasons Hotel Macao and The Parisian Macao in China. That makes access to renewable power a lot harder in some parts of the world.” Sustainability is 'Just Smart Business' Caesars, which operates solely in the United States, has been able to leverage its 38 properties across 18 states plus Canada to build that type of infrastructure. “We’ve had pretty good success shrinking our energy profile and reducing carbon emissions through those efforts, but we realized that to get to carbon neutrality, we have to look at the supply side,” Dominguez said. “Over the last five or six years, we’ve been really focused on renewable energy.” Dominguez recognized that it can be difficult to construct on-site renewables because a lot of Caesars buildings are vertical and thus have limited, unencumbered roof space. The organization has also been successful in integrating off-site renewable energy in Nevada, where the company operates 16 sprawling properties, including the namesake Caesars Palace, Paris Las Vegas and Planet Hollywood Resort and Casino. Dominguez said Caesars is also looking to commence a solar and battery utility-scale project as the next phase of its operations in Nevada, but he recognized that these projects are becoming increasingly difficult in today’s political climate. But without the tax incentives, the industry is probably going to be stalled for a little bit, especially if you’re looking at any kind of storage with renewable energy.” Still, Caesars is pushing ahead. With those trends in mind, Dominguez said Caesars would continue installing EV chargers based on demand, adding to the more than 300 ports that have already been installed at their properties. “We’re going to stay on top of it and try to stay ahead of it because we’d much rather have our guests have that amenity when they’re staying with us versus having to go off-site to find a charging station,” Dominguez said in an interview with Newsweek. Dominguez said this initiative has helped the company achieve over 40 percent of waste diversion in southern Nevada, allowing the resort giant to accomplish a feat that other organizations might have the luxury of doing before front-of-house even begins. It requires a lot of workshopping with many different stakeholders or many different teams to find the right solution.” Guests are Looking for Green Event Spaces Despite recent rollbacks on ESG in the U.S., both Dominguez and Tesarova point out that sustainability remains a priority for guests, especially corporate clients and conventioneers. “[Requests for proposals] are opportunities to win businesses and a lot of times, for some of these larger conventions, sustainability is a very important piece of their decision-making process,” Dominguez said. In Vegas, Caesars has been able to leverage its newest and most sustainable convention space, the LEED-Gold-Certified 550,000-square-foot Caesars Forum, to differentiate itself from other meeting spaces on the Strip. The public’s slow but steady embrace of sustainability will continue to nudge the hospitality industry in that direction, even as those initiatives face resistance from political headwinds and polarization, Dominguez said. No one.” And despite there being more energy use with the rise of artificial intelligence and other technologies, Dominguez said he’s hopeful that, “ultimately, some of that will manifest into higher efficiencies and ways to save on the other end.”

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/map-russia-china-military-us-ally-japan-doorstep-11184689
Article: The Russian Defense Ministry said the joint air patrol was not directed against third countries, while the Chinese military said the aerial maneuver demonstrated their ability to address security challenges and maintain peace and stability in the region. Japan's Defense Ministry said it scrambled fighter jets to intercept the Russia-China air formation and dispatched a warship to continue monitoring and gathering intelligence on the Chinese aircraft carrier CNS Liaoning, following a "radar lock-on" incident last week. Why It Matters Russia and China have closely cooperated on military matters as part of their so-called partnership "without limitations," under which they regularly conduct joint patrols and bilateral drills to bolster their readiness to challenge the United States and its security alliances in Europe—NATO—and in Asia—Japan, South Korea and the Philippines. What To Know The Russian Defense Ministry said the joint air patrol, which lasted about eight hours, involved Russian Tu-95MS and Chinese H-6K bombers, which flew over the Sea of Japan—also known as the East Sea—the East China Sea and the western Pacific. "The Chinese and Russian militaries conducted their 10th joint strategic air patrol in the relevant airspace over the East China Sea and the western part of the Pacific Ocean on Tuesday," the Chinese Defense Ministry said in a statement, adding that it was carried out as part of what it called an "annual cooperation plan" of the two militaries. Footage released by the Chinese military provided details about the Russia-China air formation, which also included J-11BS, Su-30MK2 and J-16 fighter jets, as well as KJ-500A early warning aircraft from the Chinese side, according to a military analyst. The Joint Staff Office of Japan's Defense Ministry said at least five Russian and 10 Chinese military aircraft were tracked flying over waters near three of Japan's four main islands—Honshu, Kyushu and Shikoku—outside Japan's territorial airspace. Russian and Chinese aircraft patrolled within Japan's air defense identification zone (ADIZ), which is established outside its territorial airspace—extending up to 13.8 miles from the coast—to provide identification and early warning, a Newsweek map shows. The latest reported position put the Liaoning-led task group in a maritime zone beyond waters under Japan's jurisdiction, including its 13.8-mile-wide territorial sea and its exclusive economic zone (EEZ), which extends up to 230 miles from the coastline. What People Are Saying The Russian Defense Ministry said: "The Russian Aerospace Forces and the Air Force of the People's Liberation Army of China (PLA) conducted another joint air patrol in the Asia-Pacific region…The event was carried out as part of implementing the military cooperation plan for 2025 and is not directed against third countries." Senior Colonel Jiang Bin, spokesperson for the Chinese Defense Ministry, said: "The Chinese naval task group's far-sea training complies with international law and practice, and does not target any specific country or entity." The Joint Staff Office of the Japanese Defense Ministry said: "Yesterday, due to the possibility of airspace violations in the Sea of Japan, the East China Sea, and the Pacific Ocean, fighter aircraft from the Air Self-Defense Force's Central Air Defense Force and other units were scrambled on an emergency basis and took action. The Ministry of Defense and the Self-Defense Forces will continue to ensure complete preparedness 24 hours a day, 365 days a year, to protect our country's territory and the peaceful lives of our citizens." What Happens Next Russia and China are expected to continue their bilateral military activity in the western Pacific as part of efforts to counter the U.S.-Japan alliance.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/miami-election-map-shows-major-voter-shift-from-trump-to-democrats-11184822
Article: Why It Matters Higgins’ victory is not only important for the city of Miami; it also boosts Democrats’ momentum after the stunning victories reported by the party in November, when Zohran Mamdani won the New York City mayoral election and Abigail Spanberger and Mikie Sherrill won the governor races in Virginia and New Jersey, respectively. What To Know After securing 36 percent of the vote in last month’s election and proceeding to the run-off with Gonzáles, Higgins secured over 59 percent of the votes on Tuesday night, according to official results. "You chose competence over chaos." The mayor of Miami is officially a nonpartisan position, and Higgins has said that she will "lead a city that belongs to everyone." But during her campaign, Higgins clearly framed herself as a Democrat candidate. During the Miami mayoral debate, Higgins called the Trump administration’s immigration crackdown, including raids on the migrant communities across the country, "inhumane and cruel." A map created by VoteHub, showing the results of the Miami mayoral race in contrast with the results of the 2024 presidential race in the city, reveals how voters have shifted toward the Democratic Party in this latest run-off. What People Are Saying Higgins said in a statement released after her victory: "Together, we turned the page on years of chaos and corruption, and opened the door to a new era for our city, one defined by ethical, accountable leadership that delivers real results for the people." She told the Associated Press after her victory speech: "We are facing rhetoric from elected officials that is so dehumanizing and cruel, especially against immigrant populations. Ken Martin, the chair of the Democratic National Committee, said in a statement reported by AP: "Tonight’s result is yet another warning sign to Republicans that voters are fed up with their out-of-touch agenda that is raising costs." David Jolly, a Democrat running to replace DeSantis next year, wrote on X: "Change is here and there’s a brighter future waiting for Florida." What Happens Next Higgins’ victory is undoubtedly a win for the Democratic Party as well as a warning to the GOP and Trump ahead of the high-stakes midterm elections next year. While Trump won Miami-Dade in 2024 and the state of Florida has been moving to the right for years now, voting Republican since 2016, Higgins’ victory might be signaling that a change of direction is in the air. If the GOP’s advantage in Miami-Dade is swept away, this could have great consequences for both the GOP and the Democratic Party: Miami-Dade is the most populous county in Florida, with 2.7 million voters.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/afghan-asylum-seekers-rape-uk-warwick-leamington-spa-11185048
Article: Jan Jahanzeb and Israr Niazal, were given custodial sentences at Warwick crown court on Monday after a judge found they raped a 15-year-old girl in Leamington Spa, a town in central England, on 10 May. Trump said in a video statement released by the White House on X: "The suspect in custody is a foreigner who entered our country from Afghanistan, a hellhole on earth. What To Know Writing on X, Tesla CEO Elon Musk responded to a story about the rape saying: "A government that fails to protect its citizens is illegitimate." An account called God & Country with over 59,000 followers and the bio "American Patriot" shared an image which said: "Remove all their benefits they will deport themselves." Gunther Eagleman, a MAGA account with 1.6 million followers, wrote: "We need to deport them as well." American anti-immigration group Immigration Accountability Project wrote: "Exactly why America needs to pass an immigration moratorium." The convictions come after President Donald Trump called Europe a "decaying" group of nations led by "weak" people in an interview with Politoco. What People Are Saying Judge Sylvia De Bertodano said in her ruling: "What you two did on that evening changed [the victim's] life for ever." An impact statement read on behalf of the victim said: "The day I was raped changed me as a person. This has also impacted my education and school life at the worst possible time." An impact statement from the victim's mother said: "We have watched our vibrant, happy and confident daughter shrink down and suffer with anxiety so bad, she is often physically sick." What Happens Next Jahanzeb and Niazal face possible deportation and have been ordered to register as sex offenders.

Link: https://abc7.com/post/jared-freid-couch-shirtless-being-bachelor-new-podcast-interview-playing-field/18267974/
Article: He also made a second appearance during "The Women Tell All." Jared talked about how his love of Bachelor Nation began, how he ended up as a guest on the show, and how he got to be a part of the upcoming Bachelor Cruise! Also, Jared has a book coming out in June called "Walking Red Flag: Dating Advice from Your Favorite Guy Friend." We'll have part two of our conversation with Jared Freid next week on "Playing the Field" and Gina Sirico will also join us.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c1dz0g2ykpeo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: US could ask foreign tourists for five-year social media history before entry 17 minutes ago Share Save James FitzGerald Share Save Getty Images Tourists from dozens of countries including the UK could be asked to provide a five-year social media history as a condition of entry to the United States, under a new proposal unveiled by American officials. The new condition would affect people from dozens of countries who are eligible to visit the US for 90 days without a visa, as long as they have filled out an Electronic System for Travel Authorization (ESTA) form. The US expects a major influx of foreign tourists next year, as it hosts the men's football World Cup alongside Canada and Mexico, and for the 2028 Olympics in Los Angeles. It says "the data element will require ESTA applicants to provide their social media from the last 5 years", without giving further details of which specific information will be required. It is accessible to citizens of about 40 countries - including the UK, Ireland, France, Australia and Japan - and allows them to visit the US multiple times during a two-year period. As well as the collection of social media information, the new document proposes the gathering of an applicant's telephone numbers and email addresses used over the last five and 10 years respectively, and more information about their family members.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c04vgn6xlzno?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: GCHQ Christmas card sets annual code-cracking challenge 11 minutes ago Share Save Anna Lamche Share Save GCHQ Fans of codebreaking, maths and brainteasers can now try their hand at the latest cryptic Christmas challenge set by GCHQ, the UK's intelligence agency. The famously tricky puzzles "aren't meant to be solved alone", GCHQ said, adding: "We believe the right mix of minds means we can solve seemingly impossible problems." "Puzzles are at the heart of GCHQ's work to keep the country safe from hostile states, terrorists and criminals; challenging our teams to think creatively and analytically every day", said GCHQ Director Anne Keast-Butler. Meanwhile, the spy agency's "Chief Puzzler", known only as "Colin", said the puzzles are designed to test "the same blend of skills our teams use every day to keep the country safe." Answers will be released on Wednesday evening.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/football/articles/cgjnd28w56po?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: England's second group match - against Ghana on 23 June - will also be shown on BBC, as well as their knockout fixtures in the last 32, last 16, and semi-final provided they reach those stages. If Wales or Northern Ireland qualify via March's play-offs - both are in a section of four competing for one place- their group match against Canada on 12 June will be broadcast on the BBC. "From (hopefully) England knockout games live on BBC1 and iPlayer to Scotland's crunch matches with Haiti and Brazil to glamour games featuring Messi, Mbappe, Ronaldo, Yamal, Salah, Haaland, and more, we will bring you the drama and analysis of the moments that matter. "And the ones you can't stay up for, we will have you covered the next morning too." Niall Sloane, ITV director of sport, said: "We are proud to broadcast the FIFA World Cup here at ITV and ensure it stays free-to-air for the UK audience to enjoy all summer." The 2026 World Cup will be co-hosted by the United States, Canada and Mexico, the first time the tournament will be staged by three different nations.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/cricket/articles/c62nzx7n245o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: But the overall bowling average of Ben Stokes' side in 2025 is also their worst for 23 years and their sixth worst calendar year in 140 years of Test cricket.

Link: https://www.washingtonpost.com/nation/2025/12/10/house-cleaners-safety-practices-indiana-shooting/
Article: Ríos Pérez de Velásquez and her husband had arrived at the address by mistake, court records say, after a mapping app repeatedly rerouted them to the same gray-shingled house in a developing neighborhood. So when I read that, it’s like that could happen to our crew, and that’s pretty scary to think about.” To cleaners and their advocates, the Whitestown, Indiana, killing illuminates the dangers that domestic workers — many of whom are immigrants or women — face while carrying out jobs in the privacy of someone’s home. “We’re seeing a lot more discussion on social media about things that for house cleaners, in particular, have been a long-standing concern — that they could be hurt going to work,” said Rosa Lozano, director of immigration campaigns for the National Domestic Workers Alliance. “And especially under the current environment that is very much posing a threat to immigrant workers, but also people of color in general, I think there is an elevated sense of fear.” Haley Richardson, whose company Richardson Cleaning serves Whitestown and nearby areas, said she checked on her cleaners the day of the shooting to make sure they were all accounted for, even though she knew none were scheduled to work the early morning. She later posted a message on social media expressing sympathy for Ríos Pérez de Velásquez’s family, while making an ask of her current and future clients: Please secure any firearms while her cleaners are working. “But if you have them, especially after what just happened, we would like them to be kept put away safely.” Carly Castro, a content creator and the founder of cleaning resource company Clean With Carly, urged house cleaners to leave unsafe situations and vowed to replace any supplies they have to leave behind. “And that’s why a lot of people in our career field are very stumped.” While the shooting was an extreme case of the risks house cleaners face, Lozano and other advocates said domestic workers can also be vulnerable to discrimination, verbal abuse, sexual harassment and other incidents carried out in an isolated environment with few or no witnesses. “Cleaners will call us and say, ‘There’s illegal drugs out in this house.’ Or there’s been instances where they’ve seen a weapon in a home that’s not secured,” Seyedian said. We’ll contact the customer.” Justice for alleged abuses against immigrant workers can be difficult to achieve, given the power dynamics and complexity of the worker’s legal status, said Yuri, a Chicago-area house cleaner who spoke on the condition that her last name not be published because she is undocumented and fears being targeted by the federal government. Many domestic workers have been advocating for years — so far, unsuccessfully — for a national “bill of rights” that would grant them increased protections, like paid sick days, safe working conditions and a national standards board, said Blithe Riley, communications director of Hand in Hand. “It’s a result of this country’s legacy of slavery, the lack of regard for domestic workers and the kind of work that they do.” Riley said Ríos Pérez de Velásquez’s death “felt even more horrific” as the Trump administration has intensified anti-immigrant policies and rhetoric.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/emotional-evacuees-recount-moments-fled-thailand-cambodia-fighting-128270458
Article: Thousands of people have fled their homes due to renewed fighting between Thailand and Cambodia A woman, left, walks as she takes refuge at Batthkoa primary school in Oddar Meanchey province, Cambodia Wednesday, Dec. (AP Photo/Heng Sinith) SURIN, Thailand -- Amnat Meephew had just enough time to pack up his clothes and flee his home in Thailand a couple of kilometers (miles) from the border with Cambodia, the second time in four months hundreds of thousands of people like him had to escape renewed fighting between the Southeast Asian neighbors. Unlike during the first round of fighting in July, many Thai evacuees in northeastern Surin province said they left before hearing the sound of fire following early evacuation warnings from local leaders, triggered by a brief skirmish at the Cambodian border on Sunday. “I even forgot to lock my doors when I left.” Many took shelter in university halls, sitting or lying on thin mats, or in tents erected within their allotted space. Her stay in a gymnasium with more than 500 others has been far from comfortable, but she said meals are provided, and support from officials and volunteers helped her cope. “I want the war to end so I can return to my home.” With cool-season temperatures dropping, the chilling winds have made life in the same field even harder for Thai Chea, who on Monday fled his home just a few hundred meters (feet) from the battleground. “I want the war to end as soon as possible, so that I can go back to my home to do my farming work and take care of my dogs and chickens.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/nnena-kalu-artist-learning-disability-win-prestigious-turner-128270110
Article: Scottish artist Nnena Kalu has won the Turner Prize for her vivid abstract drawings and sculptures Nnena Kalu is first artist with a learning disability to win the prestigious Turner Prize By The Associated Press Nnena Kalu, right, is announced as the winner of the Turner Prize 2025 at a ceremony at Bradford Grammar School, in Bradford, England, Tuesday Dec. (James Speakman/PA via AP) LONDON -- Scottish artist Nnena Kalu has been awarded the Turner Prize for work that includes vivid abstract drawings and hanging sculptures, the first artist with a learning disability to win Britain’s most famous visual art award. Winners such as Hirst’s “Mother and Child Divided,” which consists of two cows, bisected and preserved in formaldehyde, and Martin Creed’s “Lights On and Off” -- a room with a light blinking on and off -– have drawn scorn from sections of the media.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/nigerian-children-reunite-parents-after-released-abduction-128269806
Article: Several parents have welcomed the return of their children who had been abducted last month in Papiri, Nigeria, when gunmen stormed their school Nigerian children reunite with their parents after being released from abduction PAPIRI, Nigeria -- Several parents welcomed the return late Tuesday night of their children, who were abducted last month when gunmen stormed their school. The Papiri school abductions, where more than 300 students and staff were taken, was the latest in a string of mass abductions that have rocked Nigeria in the past decade. Since 2014, when Boko Haram kidnapped 276 girls from Chibok, there have been at least a dozen mass school abductions with at least 1,799 students kidnapped, according to an AP tally. Nigerian President Bola Tinubu on X earlier this week called on security agencies and governors to do more to protect children from falling into the hands of abductors, saying students “should no longer be sitting ducks.”

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/video/newsfeed/2025/12/10/winter-storm-devastates-gaza-tents-amid-deepening-humanitarian-crisis?traffic_source=rss
Article: NewsFeed Winter storm devastates Gaza tents amid deepening humanitarian crisis A severe winter storm is creating more hardship for Gaza’s forcibly displaced population, flooding tents as families try to cope without proper shelter, heat, or basic supplies due to Israel’s continued restrictions.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/video/newsfeed/2025/12/10/brazil-lawmaker-stages-protest-in-chamber-over-bolsonaro?traffic_source=rss
Article: Brazil lawmaker stages protest in chamber over Bolsonaro NewsFeed Video: Brazil lawmaker stages protest in chamber over Bolsonaro A Brazilian lawmaker was removed from Congress by police on Tuesday as he staged a protest against a bill which could drastically reduce ex-President Jair Bolsonaro’s 27-year prison sentence.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/video/quotable/2025/12/10/climate-change-will-make-the-world-much-nastier?traffic_source=rss
Article: Climate scientist Bob Watson says recent floods in Asia are a result of human-driven climate change, and action must be taken to prevent even more extreme weather in the future.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/opinions/2025/12/10/stc-controls-more-land-in-yemen-but-it-cant-declare-independence-2?traffic_source=rss
Article: On the ground, STC forces have completed their control over the remaining southern governorates, furthering the group’s efforts to revive its decades-old aspiration of establishing an independent state in the south of Yemen. The battle of Hadramout The latest and rapid developments are redrawing the map of control in Yemen, and it could have further implications on the future of a strong, coherent and unified country. The fall of Hadramout last week was sudden, and it was seen as a shocking development – although it came after a long period of tension in the oil-rich province. It dealt a final blow to what remained of the components of Yemeni unity and the government’s legitimacy, and it thwarted all the bets that considered Hadramout to be immune from falling to STC forces. Both the incoming STC forces and government and local tribal fighters had their own alliances and allegiances to competing regional powers – with connections and loyalties with tribal leaders, politicians and local actors in Hadramout. Hadramout is a crucial and essential governorate in Yemen, occupying more than a third of the country’s area, approximately 200,000 square kilometres (77,000 square miles), with a population of nearly two million. In short, Hadramout is the Yemeni governorate that possesses the elements of a fully fledged state, and its inhabitants had hoped to establish a Hadrami state that would restore their past glories, far removed from the political and military conflict that engulfed the rest of Yemen’s governorates. Hadramout governorate has always had a unique political and administrative character throughout all eras and political systems, especially during the socialist regime that ruled the South from the early 1970s until 1990, when the two Yemeni parts, North and South, unified. Consequently, the people of Hadramout consider the STC’s control over it an unprecedented occupation, given that most of the STC’s leaders come from the Lahj and Dhale governorates, which are marginal areas – and that would be unacceptable for them. ‘Divorce without return’ These repercussions will undoubtedly cast a shadow over the eight-member PLC in Yemen, headed by Rashad al-Alimi, who, along with his cabinet members and his guards, was expelled from the presidential palace in the al-Maashiq district of Aden. Advertisement Many considered this a “divorce without return” and a disastrous end to all previous understandings and agreements aimed at maintaining a political order based on shared principles that would not harm any party. Taiz is besieged by the Houthis from the north and from the east by the forces of Brigadier General Tariq Saleh, the son of the ousted Yemeni president, Ali Abdullah Saleh. If that happens, the legitimate Yemeni government will become just a piece of paper, even though it practically lacks any influence on the ground since the rise of the STC forces and the growing power of the Houthis. The unattainable southern aspiration for secession As political sociology researcher Fayrouz al-Wali says, the STC does not have the authority to declare southern independence, despite its military control on the ground, because this decision rests not with it but with external regional powers that have deep interests in southern Yemen. She noted that the path to statehood in the south does not lead through the gates of the Ma’ashiq Palace in Aden, but rather through the United Nations Security Council, where regional powers could play a pivotal role. There is also a realisation that it would be difficult for the STC to declare independence in the foreseeable future, at least, because of the lack of essential resources to fund the budget of a nascent state without even the most basic elements of sustainability. In addition to the economic, security and military challenges, and the lack of public services, the southern state envisioned by the STC would face discord with neighbouring powerful countries and other nations that do not wish to see Yemen fragmented into warring mini-states.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/gallery/2025/12/10/heavy-rains-flood-tents-sheltering-the-displaced-heaping-misery-on-gaza?traffic_source=rss
Article: Heavy rains have flooded thousands of tents sheltering displaced Palestinians in the Gaza Strip, the latest misery to befall civilians in the enclave, which has suffered more than two years of Israel’s genocidal war. Most municipal wastewater networks in Gaza are destroyed or severely damaged by Israel, so any floodwater from the storm is highly likely to mix with raw sewage, significantly raising the spread of diseases like dysentery and cholera. With rubbish collection largely halted, vast piles of solid waste have accumulated across the besieged enclave, meaning that heavy rains could mobilise medical waste, plastics, animal remains and debris into areas where displaced Palestinians are sheltering. Basal said aid entering Gaza still falls far short of meeting the needs of the territory’s 2.4 million residents, who are facing a severe humanitarian crisis, and called for immediate international action. Advertisement According to earlier data from the media office, Gaza requires about 300,000 tents and prefabricated housing units to meet the most basic shelter needs of Palestinians after Israel destroyed infrastructure over two years of the genocidal war.

Link: https://www.latimes.com/california/story/2025-12-10/the-collaboratory-altadena-fire-victims-one-stop-resource
Article: This flagship effort of the disaster-relief collective Eaton Fire Collaborative, which opened in October, houses dozens of nonprofits on-site with aid and resources for almost any challenge of the recovery effort. Advertisement As government and charitable attention have drifted from Altadena over the last year, it’s one of the few new lifelines in the area for fire survivors still rebuilding their lives. Tell me where you are and how we can help you.’ We’re going to make every chance possible that we can.” Giana Hagod looks through donations at the Collaboratory, a multiagency relief center in Altadena. The overarching problem that prompted the Collaboratory was the sheer range of issues fire survivors were facing, each of which would take incredible amounts of time, willpower and money to resolve individually when survivors had little to spare. Advertisement Simply understanding what work was necessary, what services were offered and what it would take to access them became a full-time job for some of the city’s most vulnerable residents. Someone here can say, ‘I know these people that can help.’ This is what this whole thing does: try to put everybody in one space.” “This is kind of the Hurricane Katrina story ... This is where you’re starting to see people leave,” said Michelle White of the Altadena activist group Neighborhood Survants, whose group helped open the Collaboratory, a new multiagency relief center. Advertisement Those groups pull from more than 200 established local nonprofits (many of whom are physically on-site) that cover everything from permit help, soil testing and remediation to licensed therapists, a construction-equipment lending library and a virtual-reality studio where you can tangibly see rebuilding options on your lot. Lifestyle Hauntingly beautiful tintype photos memorialize what was lost in Altadena Sunny Mills, a set decorator who lost her home in the Eaton fire, is taking tintype photos of Altadena residents at their burned properties. I don’t have a job, I don’t have anywhere to house my kids, I can’t stay.’ If we say, ‘Don’t let them leave,’ OK, where do you want me to put them? You lose one family, two families, six families, 20 families, and that’s when your community just turns into something that it wasn’t.” Advertisement Virginia Deleon wraps donations at the Collaboratory. “If you listen to other survivors from other disasters, it’s that one-year mark that you lose everything.” “But I think the stories will get better,” she continued, pointing toward the daunting map of the work to come.

Link: https://www.latimes.com/environment/story/2025-12-10/california-mountain-lions-can-be-killed-to-protect-bighorn-sheep
Article: In a move that reverses nearly a decade of practice, California wildlife officials have quietly begun to allow killing mountain lions in order to protect another iconic native — bighorn sheep. Though limited to the Eastern Sierra — the steep, rugged home of a rare type of the wild sheep — it marks a sea change for California, where legislators and voters have heaped protections on the big, charismatic cats that suffered decades of persecution. So this summer they put him down by lethal injection, according to Tom Stephenson, who leads the Sierra Nevada bighorn recovery program for the California Department of Fish and Wildlife. In February of last year, Brian Tillemans submitted a petition to the California Fish and Game Commission spotlighting concerns about dwindling numbers of Eastern Sierra mule deer, as well as bighorn sheep. (The other type, desert bighorn, prefer the arid Mojave Desert and mountains of Southern California over snowy Sierra peaks.) Advertisement California lawmakers gave that right to state wildlife officials in 1999, the same year Sierra Nevada bighorn landed on the federal endangered species list. In what would become a highly publicized fail, two male lions from the Eastern Sierra died after being trucked more than 200 miles to a remote area of the desert. (Stephen Osman / Los Angeles Times ) By the time bighorn sheep were listed under the Endangered Species Act, they had been driven to the brink of extinction by decades of hunting and diseases spread by domestic sheep. Many people “understand that predators have a place in healthy ecosystems.” Pratt wonders if there are creative solutions, such as bolstering the sheep population by bringing in animals raised elsewhere or stationing guard dogs around the herds. Disappearing deer For Eastern Sierra natives such as Danny McIntosh, of Bishop, a small community about a four-hour drive north of Los Angeles beloved by hunters, climbers and hikers, deer represent a way of life. Advertisement “What disheartens me the most is that my children will never get to experience, on the same level as I did, flourishing deer herds and the numerous traditional activities that surround them,” McIntosh told state wildlife commissioners during a meeting in June 2024. “Our deer were the healthiest and the herds were the strongest when there was trapping going on and there were no restrictions.” Advertisement State wildlife officials don’t have the authority to control lions for the benefit of deer. Hunters want more deer, “and if someone can’t snap their fingers and make that happen, it’s frustrating” for them, said Stephenson, the state Department of Fish and Wildlife bighorn recovery leader. “I think it’s a concern from the perspective of a hunter who wants hunting opportunities, and who has seen that hunting opportunity change over the decades.” The promise of crossings There may be one solution everyone can get behind — something that could offer a lifeline to mule deer without the need to knock out lions. Hunters and conservationists alike support building a wildlife crossing in the top roadkill hot spot in the Eastern Sierra — a deadly stretch of Highway 395 that runs past the Mammoth Yosemite Airport. Advertisement On a sunny morning in September, a dead doe lay on the side of a small road just off 395, as cars whizzed by on the artery that connects communities along the Eastern Sierra. Ben Carter, a senior environmental scientist with the state Department of Fish and Wildlife, looks at animal tracks at a recently completed wildlife crossing in Bridgeport called the Sonora Junction Shoulders Project. In early fall, Ben Carter checked a camera positioned to capture the goings-on in a corrugated metal tunnel installed beneath a breathtaking stretch of the 395 north of the town of Bridgeport. Advertisement Carter, a senior environmental scientist with the state Department of Fish and Wildlife, had pulled the SD card for the first time to see what critters might have been early adopters of the new wildlife undercrossing — one of two constructed as part of a shoulder-widening project.

Link: https://www.latimes.com/california/story/2025-12-10/two-e-biking-teens-charged-in-violent-assault-on-hermosa-beach-man
Article: Charges have been filed against two teens who were arrested after surveillance cameras recorded a group of boys on e-bikes attacking a man near the Hermosa Beach Pier until he was knocked unconscious, police said. “We want to thank our residents and our businesses for helping to provide the video, which was instrumental in getting as much information on this case as we could,” Phillips said. “We also want to thank the school officials that have assisted in identifying the juveniles.” Advertisement The surveillance camera recording of the attack sent shock waves through the affluent and tight-knit coastal community, with many residents demanding consequences for the teens’ behavior. “Our detectives had other operations planned; all of that was canceled so we could focus all of our time on this investigation, and it yielded some positive results.” The attack ignited simmering community tensions over bad behavior — such as vandalism, harassment and speeding — linked to teenagers on e-bikes. The city of Hermosa Beach enacted an emergency ordinance in June 2024 that set new rules for juvenile e-bikers and gave police the authority to impound the bikes of unsafe riders.

Link: https://www.latimes.com/california/story/2025-12-10/these-wild-mushrooms-have-sickened-californians-heres-how-to-forage-safely
Article: The winter season has brought cold and wet conditions that are perfect for fungi like death cap mushrooms, or Amanita phalloides, to grow in California, experts say, but with that has come a rash of people mistakenly eating them thinking they’re safe. Advertisement There’s no silver bullet for finding out whether a wild mushroom is poisonous unless you know what species it is, said Rudy Diaz, president of the Los Angeles Mycological Society. Other edible mushrooms in California that are far more recognizable — and don’t have dangerous lookalikes — include the chicken of the woods, oyster mushroom and honey mushroom, Diaz said. It has a sac-like cup at the base of its bulb that is usually found under the soil — a sign it is in the Amanita genus which can be dangerous, Diaz said. Unlike many other poisonous mushrooms that can cause vomiting or other symptoms almost immediately, you may not know you are sick from amatoxin poisoning until hours — and several meals — later, said Vohra from the state poison control center. Doctors have no good way of testing for amatoxin in the body if you don’t know what you’ve eaten, potentially leading to a delay in care which can be dangerous, Vohra said.

Link: https://www.latimes.com/california/story/2025-12-10/if-affordability-is-hoax-why-are-people-turning-to-food-pantries
Article: Frank McRae, a retiree who lives in Koreatown, did not hesitate when I asked what he’d say to President Trump about his claim last week that the affordability crisis is a hoax . McRae, an 81-year-old military veteran who uses a walker because of severe arthritis, had just enjoyed a complimentary lunch, which is a big help for Goldrich clients on tight budgets. If Trump were to take McRae up on his offer, the president would have to ride three buses to get to the Goldrich center from McRae’s apartment, where the rent just went up to $900 a month from $863, and it doesn’t even have a kitchen. I can think of two explanations as to why Trump said “just about everything is down” pricewise, and that affordability is “a Democrat hoax” and “the greatest con job.” Either Trump truly has no idea what things cost, other than, say, the $300-million ballroom he’s having built after bulldozing the East Wing of the White House. In 2025, grocery and other prices are up while consumer confidence is down, based on multiple polls in which Trump is taking a beating on the economy, and the full impact of tariffs isn’t yet known. The total tab has decreased from $146.03 to $141.73, but the difference is due almost entirely to a big drop in the price of eggs, which experts attribute primarily to declines in avian flu. (Juliana Yamada / Los Angeles Times) Christina Shannon, who drops by the Goldrich center regularly for a free meal and a workout in the fitness center, told me she has reluctantly cut back on one of her favorite foods because the prices have gone hog wild, in a manner of speaking. “Instead of a pack of bacon,” Shannon said, “I go to the deli and get like four slices.” And it’s not just groceries that snip away at her Social Security check. (Juliana Yamada / Los Angeles Times) Shannon, who worked as an IRS clerk and did filing and other tasks at Goldrich in a job funded partly by the city’s Department of Aging, uses a cane because of hip and knee problems. She said she’d like to find a new apartment because the partly subsidized unit she’s been living in for 26 years has no elevator and she’s on the second floor. People have to figure out first of all how to pay the rent and stay housed, and second of all, everything else — Eli Veitzer, president and CEO of Jewish Family Service LA, Eli Veitzer , president and chief executive of Jewish Family Service LA, said that housing costs for people on limited or fixed incomes is a major cause of financial hardship. When food assistance subsidies were on hold because of the federal government shutdown, Veitzer said, his agency saw a surge of newcomers — including working people and families — at the organization’s food pantries in Van Nuys, West Hollywood and Pico-Robertson. When those programs are cut, or can’t keep up with demand, “the difference between making it and being on the street is very thin.” As the need grows, Veitzer said, meal providers are being forced to scale back because of government cuts. One VIC client told me she was always happy to get her hands on a Subway coupon for a footlong sandwich, which she cut into pieces to make three meals. You could also join the volunteers who drive meals to homebound seniors, and maybe if you cut back ever so slightly on the number of chandeliers in the new ballroom, those 400 hungry clients could get back on the food delivery list.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/in-n-out-announces-expansion-11185621
Article: What To Know In-N-Out is opening restaurants in the following three Nashville-area cities: Lebanon and Antioch, which will open on Wednesday, December 10, and Murfreesboro, which will open on Friday, December 12. According to the In-N-Out press release, each of the new restaurants will employ around 75 workers, who will be paid $17.50 per hour, with plans to hire more “ in the months to come ,” which should be a welcome boost for local economies. Moving into TN provides our In-N-Out Associates wonderful opportunities to buy a home and raise a family and be a part of our expansion in a different part of the U.S. We've been expanding into new states since 1992, and we've stayed consistent with our standards for growth.” In the official press release announcing the three new Tennessee locations, In-N-Out said: “Beginning Wednesday, December 10, 2025, In-N-Out hamburgers, fries, and shakes will be served in Tennessee as the first locations open in Lebanon and Antioch, and on Friday, December 12, 2025, in Murfreesboro. As part of its Mission Purpose Statement, In-N-Out Burger is committed to assisting all communities in its marketplace to become stronger, safer, and better places to live.” What Happens Next The three new restaurant openings in Tennessee follow In-N-Out’s February 2025 announcement that, after about 30 years in Irvine, Orange County, the company plans to relocate its original headquarters operations back to Baldwin Park and establish a new eastern territory office in Franklin, Tennessee, by 2026. Currently, the three new locations in Tennessee will bring the number of In-N-Out restaurants to 430 across 10 states, according to ScrapeHero, a web data provider: California, Arizona, Nevada, Utah, Texas, Colorado, Oregon, Washington, Idaho and Tennessee.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/trump-signals-backing-direct-healthcare-payments-millions-americans-11185142
Article: Louisiana Senator Bill Cassidy, who leads the Senate health committee, and Idaho Senator Mike Crapo, head of the finance panel, unveiled their proposal to give certain Affordable Care Act (ACA) enrollees a one-time deposit of $1,000 for those aged 18 to 49 and $1,500 for those ages 50 to 64. "They've been ripping off the public for years." Why It Matters Health care costs for more than 20 million Americans are set to increase in January as Congress remains at an impasse over whether to renew ACA, also known as Obamacare, tax credits expiring on December 31. The measure is likely to fail due to insufficient Republican backing, but the GOP agreed to allow the vote after Democrats made it a condition for ending last month’s record-breaking government shutdown. "In line with President [Donald] Trump’s call, Republicans propose redirecting money going to insurance companies back to patients." As lawmakers prepare to vote this week on the ACA subsidies, Republicans have submitted competing plans. Senator Bernie Moreno, an Ohio Republican, jointly introduced the Consumer Affordability and Responsibility Enhancement (CARE) Act, which would provide a temporary ACA Premium Tax Credit extension and give Americans a two-year path off the coronavirus-era credits. What People Are Saying President Trump told Politico this week: "I want to give the people better health insurance for less money," "The people will get the money and they’re going to buy the health insurance that they want," he added. And it does it in a way that actually saves money—to the taxpayer." The Center for American Progress, a left-aligned think tank, said in an analysis of the Cassidy/Crapo proposal: "Senate Republicans’ alternative to extending the enhanced premium tax credits is not a real health care plan. At a moment when millions of Americans face significant premium hikes, Congress must choose the only viable path—extending the enhanced premium tax credits." Democrat House Minority Leader Hakeem Jeffries: "Democrats have been pressing our Republican colleagues for months to deal with the health care crisis that they have created. And in a matter of just a few weeks, tens of millions of Americans who live in every single state across this country are about to experience dramatically increased health care costs." What Happens Next Thune has confirmed a vote on the bill will take place on Thursday.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/tpusa-responds-erika-kirk-jennifer-welch-grifter-11185807
Article: Turning Point USA has responded after Jennifer Welch, co-host of the liberal “I’ve Had It” podcast, labelled Erika Kirk, the widow of the late conservative activist Charlie Kirk, a “grifter.” In an email shared with Newsweek, Andrew Kolvet, Turning Point USA spokesperson, said, “For Jennifer Welch to call Charlie's widow a "grifter” is so beneath contempt that it doesn't merit a serious reply.” “She's an unfortunate soul who races to the bottom of depravity and cynicism on nearly every conceivable issue. Erika Kirk was chosen to lead Turning Point USA after her husband was shot dead at an event he was hosting at Utah Valley University on September 10 and is now the company’s CEO.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/iran-mocks-lucas-us-copy-shahed-kamikaze-drone-11185431
Article: Iran says the United States has been forced to "kneel before an Iranian drone and copy it" after Washington announced plans to deploy U.S.-made versions of Tehran’s Shahed kamikaze drones to the Middle East. Abolfazl Shekarchi, senior spokesman for Iran’s armed forces, called the deployment a humiliating concession by a global superpower, coming after years in which Iran used low-cost drones against American forces—including the 2024 attack in Jordan—and supplied the systems to allies worldwide, including Russia for use in Ukraine and regional militias across the Middle East. For the U.S., producing its own fleet of drones modeled on the Shahed represents a strategic effort to counter threats previously exploited by Iranian-backed groups and to bolster its presence in an increasingly contested region. and Israeli threats against Tehran as "delusional," emphasizing that the conflict in June demonstrated how such warnings fail "in the real field of battle." He said Iran’s forces, particularly the Revolutionary Guard’s Aerospace Force, remain "a thorn in the throat of the hegemonic system." The Iranian government also highlighted that its Shahed drones had influenced global military planning, with the U.S. Deployment of LUCAS Drones Last week, the Pentagon confirmed that many Low‑Cost Uncrewed Combat Attack System (LUCAS) drones are already deployed in the Middle East, with more on the way. What People Are Saying Abolfazl Shekarchi, senior spokesman for Iran’s armed forces: "There is no greater honor than seeing self‑proclaimed superpowers kneel before an Iranian drone and copy it." Admiral Brad Cooper, U.S.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/bonnie-blue-15-years-bali-jail-alleged-porn-offenses-11184959
Article: A spokesperson for the police force told Indonesian news outlet Kumparan News: "When they were raided, they were making collab content about a game where the winner would sleep with Bonnie Blue. news outlet The Independent, Blue has since been released from police custody but had her passport seized and was transferred to immigration authorities for further questioning while the investigation continues. The newspaper reported that, when asked if she planned to continue making raunchy content in the holiday island, Blue said: "Subscribe and you’ll find out." Why It Matters The internet star is no stranger to controversy. Blue has routinely made headlines for recruiting "barely legals," a term she uses to describe men who have just turned 18, whom she invites to sleep with her at Freshers’ Week, the first week for new U.K. At the start of the year, Blue entered a public feud with fellow British porn star Lily Phillips, with both creators claiming to have slept with the highest number of men in the shortest time period. The internet star, who was banned for life on OnlyFans, was barred from entering Australia last year after authorities determined she had breached the conditions of her tourist visa by planning to produce adult content while in the country. What To Know According to local reports, among the items seized during the Bali raid were video production equipment, her notorious blue pickup truck, known as the "BangBus," and several packets of condoms. Videos shared on Blue's Instagram page prior to the raid show her partying with young tourists celebrating Schoolies, and one video shows a group of men pushing the "BangBus" through a Bali street after it broke down. 44 of 2008), producing, distributing or participating in the creation of pornographic material is illegal and punishable by lengthy prison sentences of up to 15 years and substantial fines of up to 6 billion rupiah (around $359,477). What People Are Saying Speaking to News.com.au, Indonesian immigration expert Philo Dellano, managing partner at a Jakarta law firm, said that, although prosecution is possible, it is more likely that Blue will face deportation and a future ban from the country rather than a prison sentence. "But, in my opinion, if there is an ‘invisible hand’ that requests that she be deported, she can be transferred to the nearest immigration office, from where she will be deported from Indonesia," Dellano told the outlet.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/doordash-driver-pepper-spray-food-11185599
Article: The 19-second clip shows a person with blue hair dropping the food at the door, raising their phone as if to take a photograph of the order, and then spraying a substance on the order. Cardin wrote in his Facebook post, "This girl needs to be locked up, charges pressed and be fired for this!!!!!" He was then interviewed by 14 News, where he said, "I noticed my wife had starting eating and she started choking and gasping, and after she had a couple bites of her food she actually threw up." He then told the outlet that he looked at the bag and saw there was "some kind of spray or something." "The bag had been tampered with. What People Are Saying Colin Rugg, a conservative commentator, wrote of the incident in a post on X viewed 1.3 million times: "The incident is reportedly under investigation by the sheriff’s office, which could result in a charge of consumer product tampering, a level 6 felony.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/fsk-bridge-update-trump-admin-talks-spiraling-cost-11185276
Article: Trump administration officials and Maryland leaders are set to hold urgent talks as the cost of rebuilding Baltimore's Francis Scott Key (FSK) Bridge has surged to as high as a projected $5.2 billion, more than twice the original estimate. Transportation Secretary Sean Duffy and Maryland Governor Wes Moore, a Democrat, are locked in discussions regarding project oversight, budget overruns and controversial contracting practices as the 2030 completion date threatens to disrupt regional infrastructure and commerce for years to come. The transportation secretary plans to press Moore regarding oversight of the FSK Bridge project, which the Maryland Transportation Authority (MDTA) said had grown far beyond its initial $2 billion estimate to a potential $5.2 billion, with completion now expected in late 2030, Maryland Matters reported. Primary cost drivers cited by the MDTA include higher prices of raw materials and labor, according to The Baltimore Sun, and mandatory upgrades—such as expanded span length and robust new pier protection to meet modern safety standards. President Donald Trump's administration has raised concerns about Maryland's Disadvantaged Business Enterprise program and what Duffy labeled "unconstitutional race- or sex-based" contracting practices, warning that these could introduce legal vulnerabilities and inefficiencies. Duffy also announced that FHWA had issued a new request for information inviting public feedback on ways to accelerate the reconstruction of the American Legion Memorial Bridge, a key step toward reducing Beltway congestion along the I-495/I-270 corridor. Transportation Secretary Sean Duffy said in a news release on Tuesday: "I look forward to discussing the urgent matter of relieving severe congestion on the American Legion Memorial Bridge and getting the Francis Scott Key Bridge project back on track with Governor Moore. "Maryland's highways help connect thousands to our nation's capital, and as part of our effort to revitalize the area and make it safe and beautiful, holding leaders accountable at every level is essential to making sure taxpayer dollars are used effectively and efficiently." Sean McMaste, the administrator of the Federal Highway Administration, said: "Governor Moore's lack of action on the American Legion Bridge corridor is holding back progress on one of the nation's most critical transportation routes." Maryland Governor Wes Moore said in a November statement: "We remain committed to rebuilding as safely, quickly, and efficiently as possible. Biddle, the chair and acting transportation secretary of the Maryland Transportation Authority, said last month: "The updated cost range and schedule are directly correlated to increased material costs and to a robust pier protection system designed to protect the new Key Bridge and reduce the likelihood of a future ship strike to the bridge's foundational piers." ...

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/conventional-wisdom-national-security-vance-orban-monroe-11185086
Article: Last week, President Donald Trump's administration released its National Security Strategy, a 33-page document that marks a sharp break from 80 years of American foreign policy doctrine, criticizing European allies more harshly than adversaries and elevating cultural preservation to a core national security interest. Former Estonian President Toomas Hendrik captured the mood in Brussels: "Genuine fear and distrust regarding the United States." JD Vance ⬆ The vice president's "say thank you" transactionalism is now official U.S. Michael Anton ⬆ The author of the "Flight 93 Election" essay—which framed Trump's 2016 campaign as a do-or-die moment for American conservatism—this year became the State Department's policy chief, only to clash with White House Presidential Personnel Director Sergio Gor and get sidelined by other officials. Viktor Orban ⬆ Tucker Carlson broadcast from Budapest and called Hungary "a small country with a lot of lessons for the rest of us." The Conservative Political Action Conference held three events there. "We seek good relations and peaceful commercial relations with the nations of the world without imposing on them democratic or other social change." After more than a century of exporting democracy, America has now decided it's bad for business. In an era when partisan media reinforces rather than questions assumptions, CW operates from the center—skeptical of left and right alike, committed to puncturing inflated reputations and recognizing overlooked truths.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/should-the-state-of-ai-be-left-to-the-states-opinion-11183708
Article: Having served as senior counsel to the House of Representatives Telecommunications Subcommittee in the 1980s when cable television was rapidly developing, when there was significant focus on how its regulation would affect the flow of programming and information to all households in the United States, I find myself reliving the core question faced then of what should be the role of the federal government versus the states in the regulation of a new technology. Cities had discovered that through the competitive process of awarding a cable TV franchise for a city they could extract all kinds of financial payments and require the funding of major projects for their cities by the cable industry. This had the effect of stifling the development of cable TV and the promise it provided of not only vastly more TV channels for Americans, but far more competition to the three broadcast networks that then totally dominated the entire TV industry. The Trump administration has taken the position—which is about to be codified in an executive order that Trump has announced he will issue this week—that the federal government should pre-empt the states from regulating AI with the exact same argument, that a patchwork of 50 state regulatory approaches will thwart AI’s development in the U.S. The White House AI Czar, David Sacks, has been adamant that there are over 1,000 bills that have been introduced across the states to regulate AI and that this ad hoc, uncoordinated approach is an enormous threat to the promise of what AI can deliver. It is also worth noting that there are many within MAGA circles that believe AI should be deeply regulated on a number of levels and are at odds with the Trump administration laissez-faire approach to its regulation. The ferocious lobbying that will develop on the regulatory question has only just begun, most notably with a $100,000,000 super PAC called Leading the Future that will be the major AI industry force against state-by-state regulation. There is no doubt that a fragmented regulatory landscape with inconsistent standards that would complicate compliance for AI businesses operating across the country is a very strong argument against allowing state-by-state regulation as an approach. It is hard to argue that uniform federal standards would not create far more certainty for businesses that would catalyze growth for an industry that is critical to the American economy’s preeminence faced with a China nipping at our heels on AI industry development. As of this year, 27 states have enacted a total of 73 laws related to AI that deal with an array of issues from protections against deepfakes, how AI can be used in health care and education and government use of AI in law enforcement. Other state laws deal with disclosing to users when they are interacting with AI systems and AI companies having to disclose risks that their AI systems pose and how they are addressing them. There are major issues of AI safety when it comes to how it interacts with users and an array of safeguards via legislation need to be implemented to limit the potential for heavily warned about misuses of AI. Just like in the cable TV context, Republican and Democratic governors alike will descend on Washington to preserve their regulatory authority over AI claiming they are far closer to the issues their citizens will confront, and will be able to address problems more expeditiously than the federal government.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/trump-ai-china-nvidia-11182570
Article: That’s the gamble behind the White House’s decision to let Nvidia sell its powerful H200 chips to “approved” customers in China—while keeping the truly cutting-edge models off-limits and skimming a 25 percent cut for the U.S. The bet is simple: give Chinese AI labs access to good-but-not-best American hardware so they keep building on Nvidia’s software stack, which Washington can tighten later if it feels the need. Common Knowledge The White House sold the move as craft, not capitulation: a ladder where China can climb one rung (H200 chips) but not the next (more advanced Blackwell and Rubin chips), and the U.S. “Denying Beijing access to [the best U.S.] AI chips is essential to our national security,” said Republican Senator Pete Ricketts as a bipartisan group pushed to freeze any loosening for 30 months. Democratic Senator Elizabeth Warren said that permitting H200 sales would “turbocharge China’s military and undercut American technological leadership,” arguing the H200 is plainly stronger than the cut-down H20 model previously allowed for China. Nvidia’s H200 boasts a “total processing performance” of 15,840 and 4.8 terabytes per second of memory bandwidth; China’s closest domestic rival is Huawei’s Ascend 910C at 12,032 and 3.2 respectively.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/why-human-rights-day-matters-for-cuba-opinion-11148905
Article: A 2025 report by Christian Solidarity Worldwide found that a majority of religious prisoners were denied access to Bibles or other religious materials, and many were prevented from praying or holding religious meetings while incarcerated. This December 10, I ask those who live in freedom to remember those who do not—the mothers, pastors and young men still behind bars for believing that conscience belongs to God alone.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/andy-dick-overdose-report-response-11185258
Article: In a 2016 interview with Vice, Dick said that at the end of 2014, he got sober for what was the 20th time, and said, "I had to stop drinking, or I was going to die." After that interview, he has continued to face legal issues.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/education/smu-law-school-expansion-dallas-us-75-dedman-school-of-law/287-c590a9aa-f85c-40e7-8a3c-1fa9fe5d20ad
Article: "We look forward to sharing more with our community once the planning and fundraising efforts progress to a point where we can provide a clearer and more complete picture," Jacob says.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c7vm7dm589do?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Man guilty of murdering woman and children in fire A man has been found guilty of murdering his ex-girlfriend's sister and her three children in a house fire in Bradford. Sharaz Ali killed Bryonie Gawith, 29, and her children Denisty, nine, Oscar, five, and 22-month-old Aubree Birtle, after deliberately setting fire to their home in a revenge attack when Bryonie's sister, Antonia, ended their relationship. Co-accused Calum Sunderland, 26, was cleared of murder but found guilty of four counts of manslaughter for his role in breaking into the family's house where Antonia had been staying.

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/12/10/g-s1-101524/up-first-newsletter-trump-economy-fed-reserve-meeting-afghan-fighters
Article: Sponsor Message 🎧 It is not uncommon for the Fed to have some disagreement, but it is unusual to have a lot, and in particular to not see eye-to-eye in both directions, according to NPR's Scott Horsley. Picture show toggle caption Chona Kasinger for NPR Arlene Wagner has spent nearly 50 years amassing the nation's largest nutcracker collection, which is displayed at the Leavenworth Nutcracker Museum in Washington.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/GMA/News/video/14-year-running-governor-vermont-128271355
Article: A 14-year-old running for governor of Vermont Vermont is the only state without a minimum age requirement for gubernatorial runs, so Dean Roy created his own party to ensure he gets on the ballot.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Business/wireStory/imf-urges-china-address-economic-imbalances-trade-surplus-128270936
Article: The head of the International Monetary Fund has urged China to fix its economic imbalances, echoing longstanding calls for the world's second-largest economy to rely more on domestic spending and investment instead of exports Kristalina Georgieva, Managing Director, International Monetary Fund (IMF) speaks at a briefing at the conclusion of the annual assessment of the Chinese economy in Beijing, China, Wednesday, Dec. (AP Photo/Ng Han Guan) Kristalina Georgieva, Managing Director, International Monetary Fund (IMF) speaks at a briefing at the conclusion of the annual assessment of the Chinese economy in Beijing, China, Wednesday, Dec. (AP Photo/Ng Han Guan) HONG KONG -- The head of the International Monetary Fund has urged China to fix its economic imbalances, saying the country of 1.4 billion people is too big to rely on exports for its growth. “China is now too big to rely on exports as a source for growth… and (it has) a large domestic market that can be a big aspiration for growth in the years to come.” At a high-level meeting in October aimed at drawing up plans for the next five years, China's leaders highlighted the need to boost domestic consumption. Morgan Stanley recently predicted that by 2030, China’s market share in global exports could reach 16.5%, up from about 15% currently, supported by its advanced manufacturing and high-growth segments like robotics, electric vehicles and batteries. While China's market is huge and still growing at a nearly 5% annual pace, domestic demand has weakened as consumers cut back on spending due to job and income losses during and after the pandemic.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Business/wireStory/december-great-time-buy-new-car-128271120
Article: If you’re in the market for a new vehicle, the remaining weeks of December could be a great time to buy If you’re in the market for a new vehicle, the remaining weeks of December could very well be a great time to buy. The auto experts at Edmunds have come up with three key reasons why December often delivers the opportunity for better deals — and what to know to ensure you get the best one. Edmunds data shows that the last few days of December — when dealerships are truly up against the wall of both monthly and annual deadlines — tend to produce the deepest discounts of the year.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Business/wireStory/dont-settle-subpar-health-savings-account-128270710
Article: Interest Rate on Savings Accounts: For people using the HSA to fund out-of-pocket healthcare costs (or taking a hybrid approach), it’s particularly important to monitor your savings rate of return. Option 1: Contribute to an HSA on Your Own If you’re enrolled in a HDHP, you can choose a different HSA provider and deduct your HSA contributions on your tax return. Option 2: Transfer the Money from Your Employer-Provided HSA Into Another HSA Your HSA contribution comes directly from your paycheck and goes to your employer-provided HSA; you can then periodically transfer some or all of that balance into your preferred HSA provider. In a rollover, you get a check that you must deposit into another HSA within 60 days, or it counts as an early withdrawal, and a 20% penalty will apply if you’re not yet 65.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/10/refinance-demand-for-fha-loans-jumps-24percent-.html
Article: In contrast, the average rate for 30-year fixed-rate mortgages with conforming loan balances, $806,500 or less, increased to 6.33% from 6.32%, with points increasing to 0.60 from 0.58, including the origination fee, for loans with a 20% down payment.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/10/stocks-making-the-biggest-moves-premarket-gme-avav-cbrl.html
Article: "As a seller of spectrum, SATS shares are either immune or stand to benefit from rising competition among US wireless carriers, creating a unique risk/reward relative to the broader industry," analysts at the bank said.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/10/buy-pepsico-heading-into-2026-as-innovation-drives-earnings-says-jpmorgan.html
Article: PEP YTD mountain PEP YTD chart "We are upgrading PepsiCo to Overweight from Neutral as we believe an accelerated agenda of innovation and marketing spending fueled by strong productivity savings should position PEP to drive HSD total shareholder return (TSR) in 2026, which benchmarks well against high-quality peers yet at a steep high-teens discount," the analyst wrote.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/10/what-is-gracie-mansion-and-why-is-zohran-mamdani-moving-in?traffic_source=rss
Article: When New York mayor-elect Zohran Mamdani moves into Gracie Mansion, the elegant 18th-century house long associated with New York’s political elite on Manhattan’s Upper East Side in January, he will leave behind the rather more modest, rent-controlled Queens apartment he has lived in for several years. Mamdani won last month’s New York mayoral election, in part because the city is facing a severe housing crisis, with record-high rents and one of the lowest property vacancy rates in the country. According to the New York City Parks and Recreation Department, the combined complex now measures roughly 12,000 to 13,000 square feet (1,200 square metres), accommodating formal sitting rooms, dining rooms, bedrooms and spaces for official functions. Although Gracie later lost the property due to financial hardship, his name remained attached to the estate in subsequent decades, and the city retained it when it took ownership at the end of the 19th century. According to the Historic House Trust and the Gracie Mansion Conservancy, the building served a series of public uses during the following few decades, including as temporary quarters for the Museum of the City of New York. Some mayors have divided their time between Gracie Mansion and their private residences, including Ed Koch, who kept his Greenwich Village apartment, and Rudy Giuliani’s family, who remained partly based in their East Side home. In a statement, Mamdani said his decision to move into the mansion – described by US media as being worth $100m – had been driven by safety considerations for his family and the need to focus fully on implementing the “affordability agenda” that shaped his campaign. The move has raised questions about how this aligns with his tenants’ rights and affordability agenda, however, as he had previously tied the fact that he lived in a rent-controlled apartment to his campaign agenda of more affordable housing for New Yorkers. We pay a lot of property taxes!” When the current New York mayor, Eric Adams, sought to remove New York City’s “right to shelter” law, which guarantees shelter with basic standards for homeless people, that year, a major protest and “sleep-in” took place outside Gracie Mansion in November. In March 2024, Adams reached a legal agreement with homeless rights advocates allowing homeless migrants and asylum seekers to stay for only a maximum of 30 days in a shelter. The city’s Housing and Vacancy Survey, cited in the city’s Rent Guidelines Board’s 2025 report, put the rental vacancy rate at just 1.41 percent, far below the 5 percent level that triggers rent-regulation powers in New York State. Meanwhile, Douglas Elliman’s August 2025 rental market report shows that two-bedroom units routinely list for $5,000 to more than $5,500 in Manhattan and $3,200 to $4,000 in many Brooklyn and Queens neighbourhoods.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/how-woman-calls-husky-without-having-to-say-name-delights-internet-11185990
Article: Another joked about the selective hearing that seems to kick in at the least convenient times: dogs are “suddenly deaf when you’re yelling for them to come inside though.” And a third user leaned into the snack-themed humor, dubbing Sakura “the cheese tax collector,” a nod to the internet’s running gag that dogs believe they’re owed a portion of any cheese opened in their vicinity.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/dad-puts-baby-down-nap-hysterics-mom-sees-monitor-11185940
Article: She wrote on the text overlay: "When it’s your husband’s turn to put the baby down for a nap and this is what you see." Angled toward the screen was her husband Sean’s phone. On it, in giant letters, read: "SOS." While Sean normally loves putting Mackenzie down—he works full-time and cherishes the rare, quiet routine of settling her to sleep—this nap, Jillian told Newsweek, is "the catnap before bedtime, and it’s the hardest one to get her to sleep for." ... A 2024 "State of Parenting" report found that exhaustion was the emotion most reported by new parents (61 percent), followed by feelings of overwhelm (48 percent) and anxiousness (32 percent). As noted in her caption—“Friday night sushi & ciders!!”—Jillian explained that Friday evenings have become sacred in their home: a small, joyful ritual of takeout and a drink or two. It is the couple's way of marking the end of a long workweek, reconnecting intentionally and "not letting any stress of parenthood come between us." Jillian’s clip has gone viral on TikTok, amassing over 527,000 views. A third commented, "One time my husband said, ‘I know you’re watching just come save us.’" "It’s been funny to see everyone tagging their spouse or significant other," Jillian said. "It makes you realize how relatable it is and how everyone is truly going through the same experiences with a newborn!" Do you have any funny videos or pictures that you want to share?

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/us-sets-conditions-turkey-f-35-hopes-nato-11184956
Article: Why It Matters Turkey had intended to buy at least 100 U.S.-made F‑35s and was one of the eight original partner nations involved in the jet’s development and industrial production. Turkey, a NATO ally, has emerged as a strong military power, accelerating an ambitious indigenous program of advanced weapons production, diversifying its capabilities and seeing a boost in defense exports. The White House said at the time that the Russian S-400s threaten the jet’s advanced capabilities and undermines NATO interoperability, though it stressed that Turkey remains a valued ally and partner. In October, Turkey signed a deal to purchase 20 Eurofighter Typhoon fighter jets and plans to acquire more to replace its aging F-16 fleet while awaiting clarity on the possibility of obtaining F-35 aircraft. “I hope the promises given will be fulfilled, and we will gain strong capabilities with the F-35s," Erdogan said in November, confirming talks were going in a positive direction, according to outlet Turkiye Today. Ambassador to Turkey Tom Barrack wrote on X Tuesday: "The positive relationship between President Trump and President Erdogan has created a new atmosphere of cooperation, which has led to the most fruitful conversations we have had on this topic in nearly a decade. Our hope is that these talks will yield a breakthrough in the coming months that meets both the security requirements of the United States and Türkiye." Can Kasapoğlu, senior fellow at the Hudson Institute wrote in an Atlantic Council analysis in November: "The Eurofighter Typhoon is not the F-35. Thus, combat-deploying the Eurofighters in heavily defended airspace would require very careful planning, intensive electronic warfare support, and coalition enablers." What Happens Next The Eurofighter can serve as Turkey’s industrial bridge amid the gap between not having the F‑35 and the slow rollout of its Kaan multirole jet.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/wrestling/wwe-star-turns-heel-during-championship-match-11185878
Article: More News: Major WWE Name Possibly Appearing on NXT Ricky Saints Goes Rogue Saints' heel turn was foreshadowed during the opening segment on "NXT." As Femi was speaking to the fans, Saints interrupted and called for a title rematch. Evans then made his way out and used his guaranteed title opportunity early after winning the Iron Survivor Challenge at "Deadline." Saints initially tried convincing Evans to rethink his decision before pretending to be supportive of "The Young OG." Playing the role of a villain is nothing new for "Absolute." Some argue that Saints' best work was as a heel during his time with AEW, where he was known as Ricky Starks. Saints is now involved in a feud with Evans, but both men appear to remain in the NXT Championship picture, and things could drag out all the way to "NXT Stand & Deliver 2026." As for Femi, time will tell who is next for "The Ruler" of "NXT." One can't rule out Saints getting a trilogy match against Femi, which could leave the door open for Evans to get some payback.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/cubas-terror-network-and-its-role-in-russias-war-opinion-11175302
Article: The Cuban regime has hosted talks for one of these groups, but not as an honest broker—they shielded leaders even after a 2019 bomb attack in Bogotá that killed 22 people and injured over 60. This is why we push for governments across the world to acknowledge that the Cuban regime is a state sponsor of terrorism, as stated in our written declaration in the Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe. He has been a member of various international delegations and is currently chairing Sweden’s delegation to the Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe, where he previously served as vice president.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/gofundme-appeals-for-financial-help-soared-in-2025-11185483
Article: In its 'Year in Help' report, released Tuesday, the crowdfunding platform revealed that "essential expense" fundraising rose 20 percent in 2025, and according to CBS News’s analysis, the amount of fundraisers posted to raise money for things like housing and food in the U.S. Why It Matters Americans in 2025 have been grappling with stubborn inflation, rising debt levels and a slowdown in the labor market that has dimmed their views of the overall economy. In its November report, the Conference Board found that consumer confidence fell to its lowest point since April, as rising prices and employment concerns weighed on Americans’ assessments of their current and future financial situations. Amid these challenges, Americans are turning to alternative means to make ends meet, using deferred-payment options such as buy now, pay later, credit cards and, as GoFundMe’s report reveals, soliciting donations from strangers online. What To Know According to GoFundMe’s review, more fundraisers were started for food banks than any other community cause, and "monthly bills" was the second fastest growing category this year, behind charity but ahead of faith. CEO Tim Cadogan, quoted by NBC 5 Chicago, said that "essentials" fundraisers had been steadily rising over the last three year’s in GoFundMe’s English-speaking markets, including the U.S., Canada, the U.K. And what is interesting is that people do step up and support folks in those situations." According to a recent analysis by Self Financial, median rent prices in the U.S. have outpaced wage growth and risen 5.6 percent between 2022 and 2025, and the Department of Labor's most recent inflation report, covering September, found that prices rose 3.0 percent over the previous 12 months. What People Are Saying GoFundMe CEO Cadogan told CBS News: "We saw people say they were behind on the month's rent and were looking for friends and family to help them get through the next month or two. This shows us that life is getting more expensive and folks are struggling with that, so they are reaching out to friends and family to see if they can help them through." What Happens Next In the Conference Board’s latest consumer confidence reading, the number of Americans believing a recession is "very likely" in the next year ticked down. However, the share believing a recession was already occurring rose for the fourth consecutive month, as did the percentage saying a downturn is "somewhat likely" to occur over the next 12 months.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/canada-makes-major-push-us-h-1b-visa-holders-11185649
Article: Canada has unveiled a sweeping new initiative to attract skilled foreign workers, including those currently holding or previously holding H-1B visa status in the United States, in response to recent U.S. The Canadian government announced a 1.7 billion Canadian dollar, decade-long investment to bolster salaries, infrastructure and research grants as part of a national effort to recruit more than 1,000 doctors, scientists and researchers in critical fields, with officials outlining a new accelerated pathway for foreign workers and researchers aimed at making Canadian universities more competitive in global hiring over the coming decade. Why It Matters While the announcement did not single out the United States, the scale and timing of the initiative suggest it seeks to attract highly skilled foreign talent who may be rethinking their future amid shifting U.S. "What is clear is the opportunity to attract people who previously would have got so-called H-1B visas—and I'm going to simplify one of the big cohorts is in the tech sector," Canadian Prime Minister Mark Carney said in a statement on September 27, while addressing reporters in the United Kingdom after the 2025 Global Progress Action Summit. "So it's an opportunity for Canada, and we are going to take that into account, and we are going to have a clear offering on that." For many foreign nationals, beginning with a Canadian work permit can serve as a strategic step toward permanent residence, since acquiring skilled work experience in Canada enhances eligibility for economic immigration programs. What People Are Saying Sara Seager, a Canadian astrophysicist and professor at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology who is leaving the United States to join the University of Toronto, told Reuters: "There [are] many reasons why I'm returning to Canada, and one of them is the budget cuts and also the huge uncertainty in science funding in the U.S." Mélanie Joly, Canada's Industry Minister, said in a statement: "As other countries constrain academic freedoms and undermine cutting-edge research, Canada is investing, and doubling down, on science." Melanie Woodin, the president of the University of Toronto, told Reuters: "It's all part of the Canadian strategy to leverage this once in a lifetime opportunity." Marjorie Michel, Canada's Minister of Health, said in a statement: "Better health care begins with better research. This is the exact talent we need to drive better health care outcomes for Canadians and grow the Canadian economy." What Happens Next It remains to be seen whether more countries will propose plans to attract highly skilled talent away from the U.S.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/hearts-melt-over-what-dachshund-places-under-owners-christmas-tree-11181771
Article: The adorable place a dachshund has started hiding her toys before Christmas has melted hearts, earning herself the title of “Santa’s #1 elf.” While dog owner Amelia Gravelin, 24, has been getting into the holiday spirit, it appears that her dachshund is too. She's always been a toy hider, but this was the cutest spot she's ever put stuff.” Gravelin shared a video on TikTok (@rory.the.weenie) showing the precious moment Rory looked proudly at her contribution under the tree. One comment on the video reads: “She's wrapping up her own treasures for you.” Another TikTok user wrote: “Maybe it’s her present for you.” Another person replied: “Her contribution doesn’t go unnoticed.” While one commenter called her “Santa’s #1 elf.” Do you have funny and adorable videos or pictures of your pet you want to share?

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c4gpkr83p73o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Armed forces member who died in 'tragic accident' in Ukraine named L/Cpl George Hooley died away from the front lines, the MoD said (file photo) A member of the UK armed forces who died in Ukraine has been named as Lance Corporal George Hooley of the Parachute Regiment. "He served our country with honour and distinction around the world in the cause of freedom and democracy, including as part of the small number of British personnel in Ukraine."

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/ce91d2m1gg7o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Author Sophie Kinsella dies aged 55 Just now Share Save Steven McIntosh Entertainment reporter Share Save Getty Images Sophie Kinsella, the author of the bestselling Shopaholic series of novels, has died aged 55, her family have announced. "She died peacefully, with her final days filled with her true loves: family and music and warmth and Christmas and joy." It continued: "We can't imagine what life will be like without her radiance and love of life. "Despite her illness, which she bore with unimaginable courage, Sophie counted herself truly blessed - to have such wonderful family and friends, and to have had the extraordinary success of her writing career. "She will be missed so much our hearts are breaking." Kinsella's books have sold more than 50 million copies in more than 60 countries, and have been translated into more than 40 languages.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c0edxgx31zdo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: US jets tracked circling Gulf of Venezuela as tensions mount 36 minutes ago Share Save Matt Murphy BBC Verify Share Save Getty Images Two US fighter jets were tracked circling the Gulf of Venezuela on Tuesday as tensions continue to escalate between the two countries. In an interview conducted with Politico the day before the jets approached Venezuela's coastline, Trump declared that Maduro's days in power were "numbered", and declined to comment on whether US troops could be deployed to the country. But the F/A-18s, which are capable of engaging targets both on the ground and in the air, appear to be the first to approach the Venezuelan coastline so publicly in recent months. Neither the F/A-18s or the Growler showed a point of origin or a destination on FlightRadar24, and all three aircraft only turned on their transponders when they arrived near the Venezuelan coastline.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cwyv5gw95ypo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Nobel Peace Prize winner will be in Oslo but won't make awards ceremony María Corina Machado was last seen in public at a protest on 9 January Organisers said her daughter would accept the award in her stead. María Corina Machado, the winner of this year's Nobel Peace Prize, is "safe" and will come to Oslo, but will not be able to make the awards ceremony scheduled for 12:00 GMT on Wednesday, the Nobel Institute has said. In an audio recording shared by the Nobel Institute, Machado said "I will be in Oslo, I am on my way." However, the director of the Nobel Institute, Kristian Berg Harpviken, said that Machado was expected to arrive "sometime between this evening and tomorrow morning" - too late for the ceremony. The last time she was seen in public was on 9 January when she spoke to her supporters at a rally protesting against the swearing-in of Nicolás Maduro to a third term as president. The announcement that she had been chosen as this year's Nobel Peace Prize winner galvanised her supporters and triggered immediate speculation as to whether she would be able to travel to Oslo.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cwywrvw9n3eo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Brief encounter on train leads to marriage proposal 7 hours ago Share Save Alex Pope Bedfordshire, Hertfordshire and Buckinghamshire Share Save LNR Steve Higgs presented Payal Pandya with a ring and the answer was yes A couple who had a brief encounter on a late-night train have got engaged on the same service one year later. To mark their anniversary the couple boarded the same service and Mr Higgs got down on one knee to ask Ms Pandya to marry him - and wedding plans are now moving full steam ahead. When the couple were on the train home from a night out in the capital, the conductor made a special announcement hinting at the forthcoming proposal, which gave Mr Higgs the cue to get down on one knee. "Although we were only speaking for 20 minutes or so, I knew I wanted to see her again." LNR To ensure the proposal was kept on track, Mr Higgs contacted LNR to plan the special moment Ms Pandya said by the time she had got off the train last year, her fiancé had found her dating profile and sent her a message. "I can't believe Steve asked me to marry him on that same service and managed to get the conductor involved without me knowing!" The couple said they hope to get married next year. Jonny Wiseman, LNR's customer experience director, said: "When Steve got in touch with our customer relations team, we knew we had to help with his request for a special announcement. "Their story is a brilliant example of the way the railway can connect people, not just to where they need to go, but to the people they're travelling with too." Follow Beds, Herts and Bucks news on BBC Sounds, Facebook, Instagram and X.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/czdgrnvp082o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: McDonald's pulls AI Christmas ad after backlash 57 minutes ago Share Save Laura Cress Technology reporter Share Save McDonalds An AI-generated image from the McDonald's Netherlands advert McDonald's has taken down a Christmas advert made with Artificial Intelligence (AI) following online backlash. On 9 December McDonald's Netherlands removed the video, adding in a statement to BBC News that the moment served as "an important learning" as the company explored "the effective use of AI". The McDonald's advert depicted things that can go wrong during the Christmas break, using the slogan "the most terrible time of the year", and suggesting the time was better spent in the company of the fast food giant. As clips made using generative AI are more likely to distort the longer they run for - most clips made using the process tend to be roughly six to 10 seconds long - even a 45-second advert would likely consist of many videos edited together.

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/12/10/nx-s1-5639764/machado-nobel-peace-prize-ceremony
Article: Machado's daughter accepts Nobel Peace Prize in Venezuelan opposition leader's absence toggle caption Ole Berg-Rusten/AP via NTB Scanpix Pool OSLO, Norway — Venezuelan opposition leader María Corina Machado 's daughter accepted the Nobel Peace Prize on her mother's behalf Wednesday, hours after officials said Machado would miss the ceremony. Jørgen Watne Frydnes, chair of the Norwegian Nobel committee, told the award ceremony that "María Corina Machado has done everything in her power to be able to attend the ceremony here today — a journey in a situation of extreme danger." "Although she will not be able to reach this ceremony and today's events, we are profoundly happy to confirm that she is safe, and that she will be with us here in Oslo," he said to applause. Sponsor Message María Corina Machado said in an audio recording of a phone call published on the Nobel website that many people had "risked their lives" for her to arrive in Oslo. "I am very grateful to them, and this is a measure of what this recognition means to the Venezuelan people," she said before indicating she was about to board a plane. "I know that there are hundreds of Venezuelans from different parts of the world that were able to reach your city that are right now in Oslo, family, my team, so many colleagues," Machado added. And as soon as I arrive, I will be able to embrace all my family and my children that I've have not seen for two years and so many Venezuelans, Norwegians that I know that share our struggle and our fight." Latin American leaders present in solidarity Prominent Latin American figures attended Wednesday in a signal of solidarity with Machado, including Argentine President Javier Milei, Ecuador's President Daniel Noboa, Panama's President José Raúl Mulino and Paraguayan President Santiago Peña. 10, and she was described as a woman "who keeps the flame of democracy burning amid a growing darkness." toggle caption Ole Berg-Rusten/AP via NTB Scanpix Pool Machado won an opposition primary election and intended to challenge President Nicolás Maduro in last year's presidential election, but the government barred her from running for office. González, who sought asylum in Spain last year after a Venezuelan court issued a warrant for his arrest, attended Wednesday's ceremony, which was overlooked by a large portrait of Machado. Some previous winners have been unable to attend Five past Nobel Peace Prize laureates were detained or imprisoned at the time of the award, according to the prize's official website, most recently Iranian activist Narges Mohammadi in 2023 and Belarusian human rights advocate Ales Bialiatski in 2022. Gustavo Tovar-Arroyo, a Venezuelan human rights activist who was forced to flee into exile in 2012, said Machado's supporters "did the best for her to be here as she deserves. But we knew the risk." He added that they are "disappointed that she cannot be in the ceremony, but this is part of what we do when we fight against a dictatorship, a tyranny or a criminal regime.

Link: https://www.washingtonpost.com/lifestyle/2025/12/10/ricki-lake-fire-photos-scanlon/
Article: In fact, Lake thought all of her old family photos and mementos had been lost when her house burned down nearly a year ago in the Palisades Fire in Los Angeles. Lake — known for starring in the 1980s cult classic Hairspray and later for her daytime talk show and other roles — fled her Malibu home in January as the fire approached. “These pictures really, really bothered me, that I didn’t have them anymore.” Lake said she also felt lucky to be alive and had to make peace with losing nearly all of her possessions. “I was like, ‘That’s my kid, that’s my kid.’” The next day, Lake and Scanlon connected on the phone and then on Instagram Live, where Lake was able to see more of the photos. Lake still doesn’t fully understand how they ended up in a box at a flea market, but thinks they were among photos she sent to the mother of her ex-husband Rob Sussman when the kids were little. “It’s basically a miracle that these pictures were found.” Scanlon, who often goes to flea markets in search of old photos to inspire her, said she and Lake have been texting since they connected.

Link: https://feeds.texastribune.org/link/16799/17228911/greg-abbott-texas-local-taxes-election-2026
Article: Greg Abbott, as part of his reelection campaign, wants to make it harder for Texas cities and counties to raise property taxes — a move that would put local governments in an even tighter financial bind as the state grows. In a bid to rein in city and county tax bills, lawmakers in 2019 enacted tighter limits on how much more in property taxes cities and counties can collect each year without asking voters. “Local property taxes are the foundation of essential community services — they keep police and firefighters on duty, streets maintained, and trash collected,” said Monty Wynn, who heads the Texas Municipal League, a lobbying group that represents more than 1,100 cities and towns. We look forward to working with our state legislative partners to keep Texas communities strong.” There are signs that the approach, combined with billions of state dollars in school tax relief, has at least kept property tax bills in check. Abbott and GOP legislators have grown frustrated that, for all the billions of dollars they’ve plugged into cutting school property tax bills, tax bills remain high, at least in part because city and county taxes have continued to grow. For example, the average Dallas County homeowner paid about 10% less in property taxes to Dallas Independent School District this year than they did in 2018 when adjusting for inflation, a Tribune analysis shows. Fast-growing cities and towns like Princeton, Celina and Leander would hypothetically not have been allowed to exceed the 3.5% spending cap had it been in place in the years following the COVID-19 pandemic, according to a Tribune analysis. Only parts of the state that have consistently lost residents in the last several years — mostly rural areas in the Panhandle and West Texas — would’ve been allowed to regularly exceed the cap, the Tribune’s analysis shows. Tightening that cap would be a fair way to curb property tax bills because it doesn’t favor one kind of property owner over another, said Manish Bhatt, a senior tax policy analyst at the conservative Tax Foundation. Now, cities and counties only must ask voters if they want to exceed the state’s 3.5% cap on local property tax revenue increases, and it only takes a simple majority for those increases to pass. Some 46 school districts and cities asked voters for permission to adopt a higher tax rate in November, according to a partial Tribune tally of tax-rate elections held across the state. “I don’t think that a small minority of voters should get to veto the preferences of a majority of voters,” said Adam Langley, associate director of tax policy at the Lincoln Institute of Land Policy. Disclosure: Texas Municipal League and Texas Public Policy Foundation have been financial supporters of The Texas Tribune, a nonprofit, nonpartisan news organization that is funded in part by donations from members, foundations and corporate sponsors.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Entertainment/wireStory/us-playwright-jeremy-harris-released-3-weeks-after-128271683
Article: 16 for an alleged violation of customs law for having 0.78 grams (0.0275 ounces ) of the crystalized drug, also known as MDMA, in a container in a tote bag he was carrying. He’s also cameoed as himself on a rebooted “Gossip Girl” and served as a coproducer on several episodes of HBO’s hit series “Euphoria.” ___ AP writer Hillel Italie in New York contributed to this report.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/10/trump-to-start-final-fed-chair-interviews-beginning-with-kevin-warsh.html
Article: "We're going to be looking at a couple different people, but I have a pretty good idea of who I want," Trump said Tuesday night aboard Air Force One to reporters. The interviews by Trump and Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent will begin with former Fed governor Kevin Warsh on Wednesday and also include Kevin Hassett, the director of the National Economic Council, at some point, according to two sources. But his possible selection received some pushback from the markets recently, especially among fixed income investors concerned Hassett would only do Trump's bidding and keep rates too low even if inflation snaps back. The Fed will likely lower rates for a third time this year on Wednesday, but Powell, whose term as chair is up in May, is expected to strike a cautious tone at his post-meeting press conference on how much lower the central bank will go next year.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/10/this-satellite-communications-stock-has-quadrupled-in-2025-morgan-stanley-sees-more-gains.html
Article: SATS YTD mountain SATS YTD chart Swinburne cited increased value for EchoStar associated with announced spectrum sales to AT & T and SpaceX, which should respectively close by mid-year 2026 and in November 2027. "We are also raising our estimate for the value EchoStar will capture with its remaining AWS-3 spectrum licenses from $1.50 to $2.50 as we expect both Verizon and T-Mobile to be interested in this spectrum for their networks." The analyst also highlighted that EchoStar offers a strong hedge against broader competitive trends in the U.S.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/10/walmart-sika-3d-printed-real-estate.html
Article: Alquist, based in Greeley, Colorado, just announced it will now print more than a dozen new Walmart buildings, as well as buildings for other commercial retailers, in what is arguably the largest-scale commercial real estate deployment of this technology, which has mostly been used in residential construction so far. As part of that deal, Sika, one of the world's largest construction materials companies, with a heavy focus on sustainability, will provide materials to Alquist for all future 3D-printed projects and licensees. This will streamline Alquist's national pipeline, lower material and freight costs, and accelerate development of more sustainable mixes for large-scale 3D-printed construction — including the commercial projects rolling out with Walmart, according to Alquist. "This collaboration positions Sika at the forefront of next-generation construction, opening new markets and creating long-term growth opportunities," said Noah Callantine, 3D concrete printing engineer and field service specialist with Sika.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/10/aca-subsidies-uncertainty-enrollment-deadline-looms.html
Article: Speaker Mike Johnson is pushing to unveil a Republican health-care bill in the coming days for a vote by the end of the month, but the move is unlikely to resolve a congressional deadlock over expiring Obamacare subsidies. Graeme Sloan/Bloomberg via Getty Images Congress is still deadlocked on a plan to extend Affordable Care Act enhanced premium subsidies, with less than one week to go before a key enrollment deadline — a limbo that experts say leaves many households with a difficult financial choice. Meanwhile, households that rely on the ACA marketplace to buy health insurance — self-employed business owners, freelancers and early retirees, for example — must choose a health plan by Dec. "People are going to have to make these massive financial decisions with a lot of uncertainty," said Emma Wagner, a senior policy analyst at KFF who specializes on the Affordable Care Act. "There are a lot of plans being discussed in Congress right now, but it's still very unclear what's going to happen and what's going to take effect and when," Wagner said. Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer, D-N.Y., said Thursday that Democrats, the minority party, would force a vote this week on their plan for a three-year extension of the ACA subsidies. | Getty Images There are likely to be other health-care bills floated this week, Chris Krueger, a strategist at Washington Research Group, which provides policy analysis for investors, wrote in a research note Monday. Among them could be legislation from GOP moderates in the House and Senate, who would likely seek to extend the ACA subsidies but with additional restrictions tied to household income and an elimination of zero-dollar-premium plans, according to Krueger. Extending the subsidies for one year would cost an estimated $30 billion in 2026, if there were no financial offsets, according to the Committee for a Responsible Federal Budget, a nonpartisan think tank. Higher premiums may stretch household budgets Premium subsidies take the form of tax credits, which households can elect to receive in the form of lower monthly premiums or in a lump sum at tax time. How ACA enrollees will cope with higher costs If their premium payments doubled, 32% of respondents said they would be very likely to look for a different health plan with lower premiums but higher deductibles and co-pays, according to KFF's poll, which in November surveyed 1,350 U.S. About 25% said they would be very likely to go without insurance and 15% that they would look for a different job that provides health insurance, it found, which could prove difficult given a cooling labor market. Emma Wagner senior policy analyst at KFF Among those who are more likely to drop coverage are younger, relatively healthy people who think they may not need the insurance, experts said. "Even minor things can end up costing a heck of a lot of money." McClanahan recommends that consumers plan for current law — meaning, they should expect an end to the enhanced subsidies — when picking their insurance for 2026.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/10/raymond-james-double-upgrades-alternative-asset-manager.html
Article: "We think today's low valuation is driven by a few factors which we expect to abate in the near term." However, the analyst believes that Owl Capital's redemption risk is manageable as the company appears likely to honor all requests, which would help remove an overhang on the stock. OWL YTD mountain OWL YTD chart "OWL's funds maintain plenty of liquidity to meet multiple quarters of redemption requests," she wrote, adding that she does not expect these elevated redemptions to have a material impact on management fees or assets under management. The analyst added that negative headlines on private credit and a recently failed merger of its two private credit funds "appear overstated," as Owl Capital's credit metrics seemingly remain solid.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/10/5-things-to-know-before-the-stock-market-opens.html
Article: Television stations broadcast Jerome Powell, chairman of the US Federal Reserve, speaking after a Federal Open Market Committee (FOMC) meeting on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange in New York, US, on Wednesday, Oct. The Department of Education said yesterday that a proposed settlement would require borrowers enrolled in the Biden-era Saving on a Valuable Education, or SAVE, plan to select a new repayment method. The proposal comes as new data shows 42% of student loan borrowers said they have a harder time paying for necessities such as food and housing as a result of their monthly payments.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/video/newsfeed/2025/12/10/israeli-troops-used-this-palestinian-woman-as-a-human-shield?traffic_source=rss
Article: NewsFeed Israeli troops used this Palestinian woman as a human shield A Palestinian woman says Israeli soldiers used her as a human shield during a ground operation in Gaza, a practice that constitutes a war crime under international law.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/economy/2025/12/10/fact-checking-trumps-pennsylvania-speech-and-his-politico-interview?traffic_source=rss
Article: United States President Donald Trump spoke to US news outlet Politico in an interview at the White House on Monday, during which he made several strong claims about the state of the economy, the threat he claims is posed by drug gangs in Venezuela, and his popularity among Black Americans. Then, a day later, Trump spoke about immigration and affordability at a rally-style speech, which lasted for 90 minutes in Pennsylvania, during which he launched a scathing attack on Ilhan Omar, the US’s first Muslim congresswoman, who he claims is in the country illegally. Claim: Trump inherited the ‘worst inflation in history’, the economy is thriving now During the Pennsylvania rally, Trump claimed that he had inherited the “worst inflation in the history of our country” from former president, Democrat Joe Biden. We hit, uh, three states two days ago, $1.99 a gallon.” The facts Philadelphia-based nonprofit Factcheck.org wrote in January this year that while inflation did rise under Biden, Trump did not, in fact, inherit the “worst inflation” in history. In the US, the average price of petrol – called “gas” in the US – was $3.05 per gallon (3.8 litres) in November this year, according to the US Energy Information Administration (EIA). Claim: Ilhan Omar is in the US illegally During the Pennsylvania rally, Trump launched an attack on Ilhan Omar, the Democrat who has served as a Minnesota representative in Congress since 2019. “She married her brother in order to get in, right … she married her brother to get in, therefore she’s here illegally.” The crowd of supporters at the rally started chanting “Send her back!” Trump also claimed that Somalia has no military, parliament or police. While Omar was born in Mogadishu, the capital of Somalia, in 1982, her family fled the Somali Civil War and spent four years in a refugee camp in Kenya before seeking asylum in the US in 1995, when she was 12. Once asylum is granted – as it was to Omar’s family – the US Refugee Admissions Program grants lawful permanent resident (LPR) status to refugees, who can then apply for citizenship five years later. Doubts about Omar’s legal status in the US and claims that she married her brother have circulated among the US right wing since 2018, shortly before she was elected to Congress. In 2009, she married British citizen Ahmed Nur Said Elmi in a civil marriage, separating in 2011; she reunited with Hirsi in 2012, and after legally divorcing Elmi in 2017, remarried Hirsi legally in 2018. Claim: The Venezuela boat strikes save 25,000 American lives each time During Trump’s Politico interview, he repeated the claim that Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro “sends in a lot of drugs” to the US. And we save 25,000 people every time we knock out a boat.” During the rally in Pennsylvania, Trump again made the claim that for every US strike on alleged Venezuelan drug boats, “we save 25,000 American lives”. The 2023 United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime (UNODC) World Drug Report said global cocaine production had hit a record 3,708 tonnes, up nearly one‑third from 2022, with most coca cultivation taking place in Colombia, followed by Peru and Bolivia. Trafficking routes into the US in 2023-2024 primarily passed through Colombia, Peru and Ecuador, not Venezuela, although it does serve as a minor transit corridor for Colombian cocaine moving into the eastern Caribbean. The US Drug Enforcement Administration’s own 2024 report similarly identified Colombia as the source for about 84 percent of cocaine seized in the US, and made no mention of Venezuela. I got the biggest vote with Black people.” The facts In the US, access to medical transition or “gender‑affirming” treatments, such as puberty blockers, hormone therapy or surgeries, is not a uniform process nationwide. However, while some European countries have placed restrictions on access to such treatments – especially for children, for whom there are concerns that puberty blockers, which are largely untrialled, might cause lasting developmental harm – these can be more readily available in parts of the US.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/10/machado-in-oslo-but-will-not-attend-nobel-ceremony-to-receive-award?traffic_source=rss
Article: Venezuelan opposition leader Maria Corina Machado will not receive the Nobel Peace Prize in person at an award ceremony in Oslo but she will be in the European city, the director of the Norwegian Nobel Institute has said. Machado, 58, was due to receive the award on Wednesday at Oslo City Hall in the presence of Norway’s monarchs and Latin American leaders, including fellow right-wing politicians Argentinian President Javier Milei and Ecuadorean President Daniel Noboa. The opposition leader of the Vente Venezuela party was awarded the prize in October, with the Nobel committee praising Machado’s role in the country’s opposition movement and her “steadfast” support for democracy. Machado, who holds many right-wing views, dedicated it in part to United States President Donald Trump, who has said he, himself deserved the honour and was infuriated that he did not. “Although she will not be able to reach the ceremony and today’s events, we are profoundly happy to confirm that Machado is safe and that she will be with us in Oslo,” the institute stated. She is expected to reach Oslo “sometime between this evening and tomorrow morning,” the institute’s director Kristian Berg Harpviken told the AFP news agency on Wednesday, shortly before the 1pm (12:00 GMT) ceremony, at which her daughter, Ana Corina Sosa Machado, is set to accept the award in her place. The US has a long history of interference in the region, particularly in the 1980s when it propped up repressive right-wing governments through coups, and funded paramilitary groups across Latin America that were responsible for mass killings, forced disappearances and other grave human rights abuses. Venezuelan authorities cited Machado’s support for sanctions and US intervention when they barred her from running for office in last year’s presidential election, where she had intended to challenge President Nicolas Maduro. Machado has previously pledged to move Venezuela’s embassy in Israel to Jerusalem, as Trump did with the US diplomatic presence during his first term in office, if her movement comes to power. Machado has aligned herself with right-wing hawks close to Trump who argue that Maduro has links to criminal gangs that pose a direct threat to US national security, despite doubts raised by the US intelligence community. Venezuela’s armed forces are planning to mount a guerrilla-style resistance in the event of a US air or ground attack, according to sources with knowledge of the efforts and planning documents seen by the Reuters news agency.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/nation-world/nobel-prize-award-ceremony/507-ecd84ce2-6c66-44ff-9374-97555870265f
Article: Jørgen Watne Frydnes, chair of the Norwegian Nobel committee, told the award ceremony that “María Corina Machado has done everything in her power to be able to attend the ceremony here today — a journey in a situation of extreme danger.” “Although she will not be able to reach this ceremony and today's events, we are profoundly happy to confirm that she is safe, and that she will be with us here in Oslo,” he said to applause. María Corina Machado said in an audio recording of a phone call published on the Nobel website that many people had “risked their lives” for her to arrive in Oslo. “I am very grateful to them, and this is a measure of what this recognition means to the Venezuelan people,” she said before indicating she was about to board a plane. “I know that there are hundreds of Venezuelans from different parts of the world that were able to reach your city that are right now in Oslo, family, my team, so many colleagues,” Machado added. And as soon as I arrive, I will be able to embrace all my family and my children that I’ve have not seen for two years and so many Venezuelans, Norwegians that I know that share our struggle and our fight.” Latin American leaders present in solidarity Prominent Latin American figures attended Wednesday in a signal of solidarity with Machado, including Argentine President Javier Milei, Ecuador’s President Daniel Noboa, Panama's President José Raúl Mulino and Paraguayan President Santiago Peña. 10, and she was described as a woman “who keeps the flame of democracy burning amid a growing darkness.” Machado won an opposition primary election and intended to challenge President Nicolás Maduro in last year’s presidential election, but the government barred her from running for office. González, who sought asylum in Spain last year after a Venezuelan court issued a warrant for his arrest, attended Wednesday's ceremony, which was overlooked by a large portrait of Machado. Some previous winners have been unable to attend Five past Nobel Peace Prize laureates were detained or imprisoned at the time of the award, according to the prize's official website, most recently Iranian activist Narges Mohammadi in 2023 and Belarusian human rights advocate Ales Bialiatski in 2022. Gustavo Tovar-Arroyo, a Venezuelan human rights activist who was forced to flee into exile in 2012, said Machado's supporters “did the best for her to be here as she deserves. But we knew the risk.” He added that they are “disappointed that she cannot be in the ceremony, but this is part of what we do when we fight against a dictatorship, a tyranny or a criminal regime.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c0r9pz2d1eqo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Too many unauthorised pre-Budget leaks, says Reeves 41 minutes ago Share Save Jennifer McKiernan Political reporter Share Save BBC Chancellor Rachel Reeves has said there were too many unauthorised leaks ahead of her Budget last month. The amount of media stories about what might in her statement led to criticism from Speaker Sir Lindsay Hoyle, who labelled it the "hokey-cokey Budget," telling MPs "one minute it's in, the next minute it's out". Giving evidence to the Treasury select committee, Reeves told MPs that she had taken the step because the leaks were "very damaging" and "we cannot allow this to happen again". But in the weeks leading up the Budget a series of Budget measures - including a pay-per-mile levy on electric vehicles and a tourist tax - were briefed to journalists. A downgrade of UK productivity from the Office for Budget Responsibility (OBR), and a plan to raise income tax rates, that appeared to be later abandoned, were also floated in the media. "I want to state on the record how frustrated I am and have been by these incidents and the volume of speculation and leaks." Reeves said a review of Treasury processes was now taking place and she had also brought in the National Centre for Cyber Security to undertake a forensic examination of IT systems, following an OBR gaffe that allowed early access to its full budget report. In the weeks before the Budget, the Chancellor herself fuelled speculation she was preparing to raise income tax in a speech that sought to roll the pitch for the autumn statement by warning of difficult decisions ahead. "It was not briefing that was signed off by me, any of my ministers or officials, it was unacceptable." Reeves said she was particularly exercised by the FT leak because it "presented partial and inaccurate information and an inaccurate picture of the budget strategy", the suggested "I had ditched core elements of the budget strategy". Permanent Secretary to the Treasury James Bowler said the Cabinet Office is heading up the current leak inquiry and would be looking at ministers as well as officials and advisers, both in the Treasury and "wider departments". Questioned about a previous OBR issue in February, where Bloomberg obtained confidential data showing downgraded economic growth projections, Mr Bowler said an internal inquiry in March was "not clear whether that was a leak or speculation".

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cedx6lqy967o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Taliban warn Afghans who wore 'un-Islamic' Peaky Blinders outfits Since the Taliban seized power in 2021, they have imposed a number of restrictions on daily life in accordance with their interpretation of Islamic Sharia law. In videos posted online, the men, who have been released, can be seen posing in flat caps and three-piece suits similar to those worn in the series set in England soon after World War One. The friends were told that their clothing was "in conflict with Afghan and Islamic values", a Taliban spokesman told the BBC, adding the values in Peaky Blinders went against Afghan culture. "Even jeans would have been acceptable, but the values in the Peaky Blinders series are against Afghan culture," Saiful Islam Khyber, a spokesman for the Taliban government's provincial department of Vice and Virtue in Herat city told the BBC. Our society is Muslim; if we are to follow or imitate someone, we should follow our righteous religious predecessors in good and lawful matters." The men could be seen thanking officials for their advice and saying they were unaware they had violated any laws in a video released by the ministry after they were questioned - though it is unclear under what circumstances the interview was recorded. In an interview with YouTube channel Herat-Mic uploaded at the end of November, before they were summoned, the friends said they admired the fashion displayed in the series, adding that they had received positive reactions from locals. "At first we were hesitant, but once we went outside, people liked our style, stopped us in the streets, and wanted to take photos with us," one of the men said, according to a translation by CBS News.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c9w7v5ej0gvo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Russell Crowe says Gladiator II creators misunderstood what made original 'special' 16 minutes ago Share Save Peter Gillibrand and Naomi Clarke , BBC Newsbeat Share Save Getty Images Russell Crowe won the best actor Oscar for his lead role in the 2000 original Gladiator Russell Crowe has criticised the creators of the Gladiator sequel of not understanding "what made the first one special". The actor, who played the lead character of Roman general Maximus in the 2000 historical epic, said the "moral core" of the story was what drew people into the original. It appears that Russell was among those who were not entertained, as he said the film was a "really unfortunate example" of "people in that engine room not actually understanding what made that first one special". He also questioned the idea that Maximus had a relationship with his wife as well as with Lucilla, describing it as "crazy." Getty Images Paul Mescal plays Lucius in the sequel, who is revealed to be Maximus' secret son Russell also revealed people had come up to him in restaurants in Europe to complain after the sequel came out, to which he would say: "It wasn't me, I didn't do it".

Link: https://www.npr.org/sections/goats-and-soda/2025/12/10/g-s1-101411/neglected-tropical-diseases-usaid-cuts
Article: There are 21 diseases in the category, including onchocerciasis or river blindness, schistosomiasis , a snail-borne infection that causes fever and diarrhea, and cysticercosis , caused by tapeworms that can infect the brain. But because NTDs usually aren't lethal and tend to impact the most marginalized populations, they've not gotten the same attention — or dollars — as bigger killers like HIV or malaria. "You go in, treat them once a year and if you do it for a set number of years, you can either eliminate or control the disease." Sponsor Message In 2006, USAID's NTD program officially launched with bipartisan support and a budget of just $15 million. "I think it was one of the most effective and cost-efficient programs that USAID has ever had," says Angela Weaver, vice president of neglected tropical diseases at Helen Keller Intl, a nonprofit that had received USAID funds to help countries eliminate NTDs.

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/12/10/nx-s1-5638423/indian-food-women-workers
Article: Greetings from Andhra Pradesh, India, where a fragrant food stand feeds working women Diaa Hadid/NPR Far-Flung Postcards is a weekly series in which NPR's international team shares moments from their lives and work around the world. But as dusk settled, the smell of pan-fried flat bread wafted over the road, and some of these women allowed themselves a little luxury: an evening snack at a brightly lit stall selling small tiffins — a traditional Indian lunch-box meal, usually composed of flat bread, rice, vegetables in a spicy gravy and a pickle.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/russia-reports-drone-attack-moscow-region-zelenskyy-prepares/story?id=128269509
Article: LONDON -- Ukraine and Russia continued to exchange cross-border drone attacks overnight into Wednesday morning, as Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy and his team prepared to present their latest peace plan proposal to the U.S. Zelenskyy told Ukrainian reporters during an online briefing on Tuesday evening that the delivery of the proposal had been delayed as Kyiv's representatives were still working with European national security advisers on the proposal.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/GMA/Living/video/shoppers-paying-prices-same-groceries-study-128273295
Article: Shoppers are paying different prices for same groceries: Study A small case study of nearly 200 grocery shoppers in four cities using the Instacart app found three-quarters of the same grocery items were offered at different prices.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/head-nobel-institute-peace-prize-winner-maria-corina-128268938
Article: Head of Nobel Institute says Peace Prize winner Maria Corina Machado will not attend awards ceremony in Oslo Head of Nobel Institute says Peace Prize winner Maria Corina Machado will not attend awards ceremony in Oslo

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/trumps-speech-combating-inflation-turns-grievances-immigrants-filthy-128231130
Article: -- On the road in Pennsylvania on Tuesday, President Donald Trump tried to emphasize his focus on combating inflation, yet the issue that has damaged his popularity couldn't quite command his full attention. The president told the crowd gathered at a casino and resort in Mount Pocono that inflation was no longer a problem and that Democrats had used the term “affordability” as a “hoax” to hurt his reputation. But his remarks weaved wildly to include grievances he first raised behind closed doors in his first term in 2018 — and later denied saying — asking why the U.S. "Why can’t we have some people from Norway, Sweden, just a few?” Trump said he objected to taking immigrants from “hellholes like Afghanistan, Haiti, Somalia and many other countries." He added for emphasis that those places “are a disaster, right? Filthy, dirty, disgusting, ridden with crime.” Tuesday’s gathering in the swing state — and in a competitive House district — was an official White House event, yet it seemed more like one of his signature campaign rallies that his chief of staff said he would hold regularly ahead of next year’s midterms. But instead of being in an arena that could draw several thousand attendees, it was held in a conference center ballroom at the Mount Airy Casino Resort in Mount Pocono, a small town of about 3,000 residents. Following dismal results for Republicans in last month's off-cycle elections, the White House has sought to convince voters that the economy will emerge stronger next year and that any anxieties over inflation have nothing to do with Trump. “They caused the high prices and we’re bringing them down." As the president spoke, his party's political vulnerabilities were further seen as Miami voters chose Eileen Higgins to be their first Democratic mayor in nearly 30 years. The president's reception in the county hosting his Tuesday rally showed he could still appeal to the base, but it was unable to settle questions of whether he could hold together his 2024 coalition. Monroe County flipped to Trump last year after having backed Biden in 2020, helping the Republican win the swing state of Pennsylvania and return to the White House after a four-year hiatus. Lou Heddy, a retired maintenance mechanic who voted for Trump last year, said he’s noticed in the past month alone that his and his wife’s grocery bills have risen from $175 to $200, and he’s not sure Trump can bring food prices down. Speaking to the crowd before Trump, Bresnahan said the administration was working to lower costs, but voters “aren’t asking for partisan arguments — they’re asking for results.” It's not clear if Trump can motivate voters in Monroe County to show up in next year's election if they're worried about inflation. Nick Riley, 38, said he’s cutting back on luxuries, like going out to eat, as he absorbs higher bills for food and electricity and is having a hard time finding a good deal on a used car. “We’re all broke, and we’re all feeling it.” White House chief of staff Susie Wiles said on the online conservative talk show “The Mom View” that Trump would be on the campaign trail next year to engage supporters who otherwise might sit out a congressional race. Wiles, who helped manage Trump's 2024 campaign, said most administrations try to localize midterm elections and keep the president out of the race, but she intends to do the opposite of that. “We’re actually going to turn that on its head," Wiles said, "and put him on the ballot because so many of those low-propensity voters are Trump voters.” The challenge for Trump is how to address the concerns of voters about the economy while simultaneously claiming that the economy is enjoying a historic boom. But many Americans see the prices of housing, groceries, education, electricity and other basic needs as swallowing up their incomes, a dynamic that the Trump administration has said it expects to fade next year with more investments in artificial intelligence and manufacturing.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/critics-army-rule-myanmar-stage-silent-strike-upcoming-128272942
Article: Opponents of military rule in Myanmar have staged a joint protest calling on people to stay indoors to show they are boycotting elections scheduled for late this month A high-angle view of a busy road with famous Inya Lake in the background in Yangon, Myanmar, Wednesday, Dec. (AP Photo) BANGKOK -- Opponents of military rule in Myanmar staged a joint protest on Wednesday calling on people to stay indoors to show they are boycotting elections scheduled for late this month. 28 polls will be neither free nor fair and are an effort by the military to legitimize its rule after seizing power from the elected government of Aung San Suu Kyi in February 2021. Also on Wednesday, the state-run Myanma Alinn newspaper reported that authorities were seeking the arrest of the 10 activists under a section of a new election law that carries a maximum penalty of 10 years in prison for disrupting the electoral process. “Although it has been five years, the public's mobilization is the main obvious evidence that it has not become complacent and has not cowardly given up under the oppressive mechanisms of the military dictatorship,” Tayzar San told The Associated Press after last week's Mandalay protest. Independent media in Myanmar, including the Democratic Voice of Burma online news site, reported earlier this week that authorities had threatened shopkeepers with arrest if they closed for the opposition’s “silent strike.”

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/attack-gunmen-kills-3-members-revolutionary-guard-southeast-128273492
Article: Gunmen have killed three members of the Revolutionary Guard in Iran’s southeastern province of Sistan and Baluchistan Attack by gunmen kills 3 members of Revolutionary Guard in southeast Iran By The Associated Press This is a locator map for Iran with its capital, Tehran. The Guard members were ambushed while patrolling near the city of Lar in a mountainous area about 1,125 kilometers (700 miles) southeast of the capital Tehran, the official IRNA news agency reported. The province bordering Afghanistan and Pakistan, one of the least developed in Iran, has been the site of occasional deadly clashes involving militant groups, armed drug smugglers and Iranian security forces.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/wireStory/senate-heads-dueling-partisan-votes-health-care-fail-128261342
Article: Scott Applewhite) WASHINGTON -- The Senate is heading toward dueling partisan votes on health care this week after Republicans said Tuesday that they had united around a plan, for now, that would allow COVID-era health care subsidies to expire. Both the Republican plan, which would replace the subsidies with new savings accounts, and a Democratic bill to extend the enhanced Affordable Care Act tax credits for three years lack the bipartisan support needed for passage. At the same time, Democratic Leader Chuck Schumer called the Republican plan “phony” and said the bill is “dead on arrival.” The burden is on Republicans “to vote with us,” Schumer said of Democrats, who forced a 43-day government shutdown over the issue. With Republicans and Democrats unable to agree — or even really negotiate with each other — millions of people could see increases in their premium payments when the tax credits expire in January. Both sides blame the other for the increasingly likely failure of Congress to act, bringing the issue into the midterm election year with political talking points but little in the way of compromise on the subsidies that have helped keep costs down for many of the more than 24 million Americans. The Republican unity around a single plan, in the Senate at least, comes as the party has wrangled for more than a decade over how to replace former President Barack Obama’s signature law, also known as Obamacare. Mike Crapo, the chairman of the Senate Finance Committee, emerged this week from many different proposals from Republican senators, including some that would have extended the tax credits with new limits. Josh Hawley, who had his own bill to reduce taxes on health care, said the consensus bill “isn’t perfect, but I’m willing to give it a go.” “I just think that Republicans can’t do nothing,” Hawley said after the meeting. “I think we ought to be doing everything we can to try and get down the cost of health care.” Thune said there will now be “something out there that Republicans will be able to talk about and support and vote for, and then we’ll see.” There was less consensus in the House, where moderate Republicans who are up for reelection have been pushing Speaker Mike Johnson, R-La., to extend the subsidies with new reforms while the right flank of the party has demanded deeper reforms to the ACA. The legislation would then make payments to the new health savings accounts for the next two years, for enrollees making less than 700% of the federal poverty level who pick lower-cost, higher-deductible bronze or catastrophic health insurance plans. Cassidy and Crapo say their bill provides better support to Americans than the expiring subsidies do because it hands money directly to the people, giving them the power to decide how to spend or save it — a message President Donald Trump has echoed in recent weeks. Republicans say the plan could also cut down on fraud in the health care system, pointing to a Government Accountability Office report that found some fake recipients were able to get coverage. The bill also includes new language limiting the use of Affordable Care Act money for abortion — a dealbreaker for moderate Democrats who say they would have been willing to negotiate on the issue. Ron Wyden, the top Democrat on the Senate Finance Committee, said the GOP proposal “leaves middle-class Americans saddled with sky-high premiums, and Big Insurance makes out like bandits by selling junk plans to families that desperately need health coverage.” “Instead of working with Democrats to stop this health cost crisis, Republicans are selling snake oil,” Wyden said.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Business/wireStory/rwanda-backed-m23-rebels-seized-strategic-city-uvira-128273234
Article: Rwanda-backed rebel group M23 says it has taken control of the strategic city of Uvira FILE - M23 rebels escort government soldiers and police who surrendered to an undisclosed location in Goma, Democratic republic of the Congo, Jan. (AP Photo/Moses Sawasawa, File) DAKAR, Senegal -- Rwanda-backed rebel group M23 said that it's taken control of the strategic city of Uvira in eastern Congo on Wednesday afternoon, following a rapid offensive since the start of the month. The accord didn't include the rebels, which are negotiating separately with Congo and agreed earlier this year to a ceasefire that both sides accuse the other of violating, but it obliges Rwanda to halt support for armed groups and work to end hostilities. Civilians also have crossed into Burundi, and there have been reports of shells falling in the town of Rugombo, on the Burundian side of the border, raising concerns about the conflict spilling over into Burundian territory.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/10/online-grocer-thrive-market-goes-dry-non-alcoholic-products.html
Article: "It's time to really double down on non-alcohol and take a stand that is aligned with where science and where we think attitudes among health and wellness consumers is shifting," Thrive CEO Nick Green told CNBC. "Alcohol is not the future." The company said the move reflects shifting consumer preferences and the growing popularity of "Dry January," when people abstain from drinking as the new year begins. "There's a whole attitude shift, kind of paradigm shift, in the way alcohol is viewed similar frankly, to tobacco where I think that at one time smoking was very socially acceptable." A recent Gallup report found only 54% of U.S. "People are getting big boxes of stuff, they're looking to us for their pantry staples similar to what businesses like Costco see." The company also cites logistics as motivation for the move.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/09/stock-market-today-live-updates.html
Article: The Fed is widely expected to deliver its third straight interest rate cut of a quarter percentage point, with fed funds futures suggesting a roughly 90% chance of a decrease, according to CME's FedWatch tool. Sentiment among members of the rate-setting Federal Open Market Committee remains divided, however, as some favor cuts to stave off further labor market weakness and others believe another cut could worsen inflation. "We believe investors are looking beyond the current economic soft patch in anticipation of accelerating economic growth through 2026 because of positive secular trends already in place — tax cuts that will deliver what should be the largest refunds since 2021, deregulation, more Fed rate cuts, and continued technology capex growth."

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/10/wednesday-stock-calls-from-analysts-include-nvidia-roblox-ge-vernova.html
Article: Here are the biggest calls on Wall Street on Wednesday: Stephens initiates LKQ at overweight Stephens says the online auto parts store is a "deep value stock." "We are initiating coverage of LKQ with an Overweight rating, $39 PT." JPMorgan upgrades PepsiCo to overweight from neutral JPMorgan says the stock is too cheap to ignore. "We are upgrading PepsiCo (PEP) to Overweight from Neutral as we believe an accelerated agenda of innovation and marketing spending fueled by strong productivity savings should position PEP to drive HSD total shareholder return (TSR) in 2026, which benchmarks well against high-quality peers yet at a steep high-teens discount." Read more. "We believe Samsara's modern end-to-end platform for operations is well positioned to address the large +$45T 'Physical Operations' industry that has historically been underserved by technology, with organizations still heavily reliant on manual processes and siloed legacy processes." Wolfe upgrades Waters to outperform from peer perform Wolfe says the lab and medical supplies company has plenty more room to run. core growth, (b) upside to pro forma financial targets, (c) a very attractive FCF profile, and (d) a top-notch management team." Guggenheim initiates Amazon at buy Guggenheim sees "continued dominance" in e-commerce. "We are initiating coverage of AMZN with a Buy rating and a $300 Price Target." B Riley initiates Roblox at buy B Riley says Roblox is a "game changer." "We are initiating coverage of Roblox Corporation ( RBLX) with a Buy rating and 12-month price target of $125 per share, implying 30%+ potential upside from the December 4 close." Raymond James upgrades Blue Owl to strong buy from market perform The firm says credit metrics remain strong for Blue Owl. "We initiate coverage on Mexican/Peruvian higher education company Laureate with an Overweight rating and $40 Dec 2026 price target." KeyBanc reiterates Nvidia as overweight Key says it's sticking with shares of Nvidia. "We see NVDA remains uniquely positioned to benefit from AI/ML secular data center growth within the industry." TD Cowen upgrades Parsons to buy from hold The firm sees a compelling entry point for the infrastructure and tech solutions provider. "We are upgrading our rating on PSN to Buy from Hold, with a $75 PT." TD Cowen upgrades KeyCorp to buy from hold TD Cowen upgrades the regional bank following and investor conference. "At a recent investor conference, KeyCorp delivered a series of updates that meaningfully improve visibility into the medium-term outlook and profitability trajectory of the company." JPMorgan upgrades Helmerich & Payne to overweight from neutral JPMorgan sees several positive catalysts ahead for the drilling company. "We upgrade HP shares to Overweight given upside to consensus FY26/FY27 estimates, attractive relative valuation, and international land segment optionality, with Saudi rig recovery expected to drive incremental growth." TD Cowen initiates SharkNinja at buy TD Cowen likes the consumer products company's growth prospects. "We are encouraged b y SN' s growth prospects as a category disruptor with core competencies rooted in innovation, creative marketing, and quality married with value." Bank of America upgrades HSBC to buy from neutral Bank of America says the banking giant has "growth and strategy execution." "Two areas where we see significant growth in 2026 are (i) Hong Kong deposits, and (ii) Asia Wealth. Both are areas where we think HSBC has significant competitive advantage, and where management has committed to focus more investments in." Bernstein reiterates Netflix as outperform The firm says Netflix has no catalyst to back out of its agreement to acquire Warner Bros. If the deal were to proceed as planned — a question at this point — they need a compelling set of arguments for regulatory approval." Morgan Stanley upgrades Terex to overweight from equal weight Morgan Stanley says the construction stock is cheap. "Upgrade TEX to OW on troughing earnings, improved portfolio, bottoming Non- Resi cycle, and cheap valuation." Morgan Stanley upgrades EchoStar to overweight from equal weight Morgan Stanley says the satellite company is best positioned. "We are upgrading PNR to Buy from Hold, as the company should compound earnings through '27 as volumes recover and margins continue to expand, with potential upside from bolt-on acquisitions." TD Cowen names Amazon a best idea TD Cowen says the stock is a best idea for 2026. "We see 3 key drivers fo r AMZN shares in '26: i) Accelerating AWS rev growth; ii) eCommerce and Advertising Momentum; & iii) Cont'd Op Margin expansion, driven by Ads, AWS, and further fulfillment efficiency gains." HSBC upgrades AbbVie to buy from hold HSBC says the biopharma company has "growth momentum." "The market is broadly divided into two camps on Abbvie. The bulls are excited about low LOE exposure combined with solid growth and execution." RBC upgrades Vale to outperform from sector perform RBC says the metals and mining company is best positioned. " Vale is a world-leading iron ore and nickel producer with further operations in copper and nickel." Oppenheimer upgrades GE Vernova to outperform from perform Oppenheimer upgrades the stock following its investor update meeting. previous guidance in light of pricing and volume improvements while indicating potential for further upside from factory throughput and operational efficiencies." Canaccord initiates OrthoPediatrics at buy The firm initiates coverage of the stock and says it's in a strong position in the pediatric orthopedic device market. "We are initiating coverage of OrthoPediatrics ( KIDS) with a BUY rating and $24 price target." Barclays reiterates Carvana as overweight Barclays says the used car company is best positioned. This is primarily as we now use a lower equity risk premium in our discounted cash flow valuation with the stock's recent inclusion in the S & P 500 Index and its larger market capitalization." Citi reiterates Micron Technology as buy Citi says it's bullish ahead of Micron earnings next week.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/10/us-treasury-yields-fed-rate-cut-decision-comes-into-focus-.html
Article: The Federal Open Market Committee is set to conclude its two-day meeting later today, and is widely expected to deliver an interest rate cut — it will be the final meeting of the year. Sentiment remains split amongst FOMC members, especially as some are in favour of the cuts to prevent further labor market weakness, while other policymakers think another cut could make inflation worse. "The likeliest outcome is a kind of hawkish cut where they cut, but the statement and the press conference suggesting that they may be done cutting for now," Bill English, the Fed's former director of monetary affairs and now a Yale professor, said. English expects the message will be "that they've made an adjustment and they're comfortable where they are, and they don't see a need to do anything more in the near term, as long as things play out more or less as they expect." Investors will also monitor Fed Chair Jerome Powell's post-meeting comments at his news conference for hints about future monetary policy decisions.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/10/social-security-tax-bills.html
Article: Alessandro Biascioli | Istock | Getty Images Social Security beneficiaries will soon receive statements showing how much of their total benefits received in 2025 may be subject to federal taxes. President Donald Trump's "big beautiful bill" introduced a $6,000 deduction for qualifying seniors, among other tax changes, while the Social Security Fairness Act may have increased benefit income for certain pensioners. Eligibility will be based on income, with the full deduction available for individual tax filers with up to $75,000 in modified adjusted gross income and married couples with up to $150,000. Instead, the new senior deduction is intended to help retirees offset those levies on their Social Security benefits, up to 85% of which may be taxed based on how much "combined income" they have — the sum of adjusted gross income, nontaxable interest and half of Social Security benefits. watch now In 2025, Americans age 65 and over may also be eligible for an existing additional deduction of $2,000 for single taxpayers or $3,200 per married couple filing jointly. "It's really the middle- and lower-middle-income taxpayers that are going to be seeing the largest benefit from this additional deduction," Alex Durante, senior economist at the Tax Foundation, said of the new $6,000 senior deduction. Because the new tax law was enacted in the middle of 2025, it is possible that some seniors overwithheld for federal taxes and will see bigger refunds this tax season, Durante said. Some retirees may find themselves in a situation where their taxable income is zero or even negative due to the combination of deductions, said Marianela Collado, a certified financial planner, certified public accountant and senior wealth advisor and CEO at Tobias Financial Advisors in Plantation, Florida. For those retirees, that is an opportunity to consider Roth conversions by moving funds from a pre-tax retirement account to a Roth account and paying tax on the income now to let the money grow tax-free. Social Security Fairness Act may raise taxable income Another new law, signed by President Joe Biden in January, the Social Security Fairness Act, eliminated provisions that reduced or eliminated Social Security benefits for more than 2.8 million individuals. "If you have a lot of other income and all of a sudden you're getting the lump sum and higher Social Security benefits, you can absolutely be thrown into having more of your benefits taxable," Collado said. The extra income from the Social Security Fairness Act has been a "game changer for a lot of my clients," said Michael Carbone, a CFP, chartered financial analyst and partner at Eppolito, Carbone & Co. That money may limit their ability to take advantage of strategies contingent on lower incomes, such as Roth conversions or selling appreciated assets at a 0% long-term capital gains rate, he said.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/10/europe-agrees-to-slash-emissions-90.html
Article: One month after COP30, we have turned our words into action - with a legally binding target of 90% emissions reduction by 2040," EU chief Ursula von der Leyen said in a statement announcing the deal on Wednesday. "The fact that this new target is legally binding is commendable, as it cements the EU's ambition to achieve net zero by 2050," Hortense Bioy, who heads up sustainable investing research for Morningstar Sustainalytics, told CNBC. It is hot on the heels of the 30th Conference of the Parties (COP), which saw world leaders gather at the edge of the Brazilian Amazon to decide on how to implement climate targets. watch now "Today's news provides the long-term certainty that investors needed to continue deploying capital into net zero technology at scale, giving Europe the opportunity to become the global leader in the sector while others retreat," Louis Fearn, principal at Jaguar Land Rover's corporate venture capital arm InMotion Ventures, told CNBC. "The 2040 target will accelerate innovation across critical supply chains, from solutions for rare earth materials to next-generation energy storage, as businesses now have clear visibility on where regulation is heading. Bastian Gierull, the chief executive of renewables-focused utility Octopus Energy Germany, added it's important to "recognise that climate protection is not a burden, it is a strategic investment." Climate action is a driver of economic growth, independence, job creation and innovation, he said, noting the commitment "shows we can fight climate change while keeping Europe competitive." Emissions trading and credits The European Union's new deal includes a one-year delay to the application of the EU Emissions trading system for buildings, road transport as well as small industries (ETS2).

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/10/young-palestinian-dies-in-israeli-custody-dozens-taken-in-west-bank-raids?traffic_source=rss
Article: A young Palestinian man has died while being held in captivity by Israeli authorities, according to the Palestinian Authority, as Israeli military and settler violence across the occupied West Bank reaches levels unseen in decades, and its genocidal war on Gaza continues unabated. Abdul Rahman al-Sabateen, 21, from Husan near Bethlehem, died at a Jerusalem medical facility on Tuesday night after being arrested by Israeli soldiers in late June, the PA said in a statement. Al-Sabateen’s death brings to at least 94 the number of Palestinians who have died in Israeli detention since October 2023, according to Physicians for Human Rights – Israel, which has documented what it describes as “systematic torture” in both military and prison facilities. The United Nations human rights office has separately confirmed at least 75 deaths during the same period, saying that Israeli authorities have “deliberately imposed conditions of detention that amount to torture or other forms of ill-treatment”. Advertisement Israeli forces have killed more than 1,000 Palestinians in the West Bank since the start of the war in Gaza, while settler attacks, often with the military’s backing, have surged dramatically and with impunity. On Wednesday, Israeli authorities approved 764 new housing units in three West Bank settlements, a move Finance Minister Bezalel Smotrich – who openly rejects a two-state solution – described as a continuation of “the revolution”. Smotrich announced approval for 764 new housing units on Wednesday, part of what Israeli media describes as a 2.7 billion-shekel ($836m) five-year plan to entrench Israeli control over the territory. Human Rights Watch reported last month that Israeli forces forcibly displaced 32,000 Palestinians from three refugee camps earlier this year, operations the organisation characterised as war crimes and crimes against humanity. Omar Shakir, Human Rights Watch’s Israel and Palestine director, called it the “second largest – after Gaza – displacement of Palestinians since 1967,” likening it to a second Nakba, when more than 700,000 Palestinians were displaced during Israel’s founding in 1948. A psychologist working with Doctors Without Borders and speaking anonymously in Hebron described the mounting psychological toll on Wednesday, saying Palestinians are “preparing themselves for loss” rather than planning for the future. The mental health worker said patients commonly express the thought: “They started in Gaza, then moved to the north of the West Bank – now it’s just a matter of time until it’s our turn.”

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/sports/2025/12/10/tatjana-haenni-named-as-first-female-ceo-in-german-football-at-rb-leipzig?traffic_source=rss
Article: She was also in charge of women’s football at the Swiss football association and sports director at the National Women’s Soccer League (NWSL) in the United States, among others, until her departure earlier this year. “In our discussions, she impressed us and the committees with her expertise, as well as her combination of specialist knowledge, leadership strength and strategic thinking,” said Oliver Mintzlaff, chair of RB Leipzig’s supervisory board, in a club statement.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/opinions/2025/12/10/removing-blair-from-gazas-tpc-is-necessary-correction-of-historic-mistake-2?traffic_source=rss
Article: Many actors involved in negotiations to end Israel’s genocidal war on Gaza and begin its reconstruction breathed a collective sigh of relief when it was announced that former British Prime Minister Tony Blair, one of the most polarising figures in international diplomacy, was removed from the proposed “board of peace”, tasked with overseeing the transitional phase in the Strip. The announcement came at a highly sensitive moment, just as negotiations entered their second phase, focused on the security and economic arrangements necessary for stabilising the Strip and launching reconstruction efforts. United Nations Security Council Resolution 2803, adopted on November 17, 2025, and aligned with United States President Donald Trump’s Gaza peace proposal, granted an international mandate to form a transitional peace council (TPC), deploy a stabilisation force, and set a framework stretching until the end of 2027. Blair carries a heavy political legacy rooted in what many consider the most disastrous foreign policy decision of the 21st century: the 2003 invasion of Iraq, which he championed alongside then-US President George W Bush under the false pretext of weapons of mass destruction (as later confirmed by the United Kingdom’s Chilcot inquiry). As the Quartet’s special envoy to the Middle East peace process from 2007 to 2015, he was widely accused of reinforcing Israeli policies, enabling the entrenchment of the Gaza blockade, and allowing Israel to evade its obligations under peace frameworks. During Blair’s years in office, Gaza endured four devastating Israeli assaults, including the 2008-09 Operation Cast Lead, one of the bloodiest military campaigns in the Strip’s history during his mandate. Instead, British media investigations revealed serious conflicts of interest, suggesting that the former prime minister used his Quartet role to facilitate business deals benefitting companies linked to him, earning millions of pounds despite his lack of diplomatic achievements. Years later, in 2017, he admitted that he and other world leaders were wrong to impose an immediate boycott on Hamas after its electoral victory – an admission that came only after Gaza had suffered the long-term consequences of that policy. Given his political record, clear alignment with Israeli positions, and unresolved allegations of profiteering, Blair is seen not as an impartial stabiliser but as a liability capable of undermining the fragile trust necessary for any transitional process. His removal, if genuine, represents not just an administrative adjustment but a necessary correction to years of mismanagement, failed diplomacy, and decisions whose costs Palestinians have borne more than anyone else.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/video/newsfeed/2025/12/10/hamas-leader-says-palestinians-in-gaza-must-be-given-chance-to-heal?traffic_source=rss
Article: Hamas leader says Palestinians in Gaza must be given chance to heal NewsFeed Hamas leader says Palestinians in Gaza must be given chance to heal In an exclusive interview with Al Jazeera, Hamas’ political leader outside Gaza, Khaled Meshaal, said that he told mediators that Palestinians must be given the chance to heal and recover from Israel’s genocide.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/news/obituaries/sophie-kinsella-shopaholic-novels-dies-rcna248361
Article: Sophie Kinsella, the bestselling author of the "Shopaholic" series of novels, has died, her family announced Wednesday, 18 months after she revealed she had an aggressive form of brain cancer. The post added that Kinsella died peacefully, surrounded by her "true loves: family, music, warmth, Christmas, and joy." The statement continued: "Despite her illness, which she bore with unimaginable courage, Sophie counted herself truly blessed — to have such wonderful family and friends, and to have had the extraordinary success of her writing career." The English writer first found fame with "The Secret Dreamworld of a Shopaholic," also known as "Confessions of a Shopaholic," published in 2000, following the exploits of journalist Becky Bloomwood, who loved shopping but was terrible with money. Araminta Whitley and Marina de Pass, her agents, told The Bookseller, a London-based industry publication: "Over the last three decades, her success has been truly international: she published thirty-four novels across adult, YA [young adult] and children’s publishing that have topped charts around the world, breaking records and defying expectations."

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/mlb/blue-jays-reportedly-interested-in-starters-amid-shane-bieber-concern-11186567
Article: The free-agent signing of Dylan Cease and the reported acquisition of Cody Ponce were brand-new additions, but the biggest surprise of the offseason in Toronto so far remained Shane Bieber picking up his player option. On Monday, Blue Jays general manager Ross Atkins provided some important context, telling the media that Bieber was dealing with forearm fatigue after returning from Tommy John surgery midseason and participating in a deep playoff run. It’s also difficult to rely on José Berríos after he lost a rotation spot late last year, and Trey Yesavage is coming off a career-high workload." Would Toronto go after another pitcher at the top of the market after signing Cease to a deal worth $30 million per year? This year's free-agent class has a lot of interesting bounce-back candidates as well, however, and the Blue Jays are beginning to build a clubhouse reputation that might entice those kinds of free agents to come to Toronto.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/mlb/rangers-lose-27-year-old-righty-to-pitching-needy-diamondbacks-11186417
Article: Major League Baseball teams covet pitching at this time of year, which even extends to pitchers who have spent long careers in the minor leagues without advancing to the game's highest stage. The Texas Rangers had one of those pitchers in their farm system for the last three seasons -- 27-year-old Mexico native Gerardo Carrillo, who they picked up as a minor league free agent at the end of the 2023 campaign. Throughout his career, Carrillo has typically walked about half a batter per inning, and though he chopped that rate down a hair this year, he'll need to continue improving if he wants to succeed against big-league lineups. Finding hidden gems is what the offseason is all about, especially for the teams that aren't bidding hundreds of millions of dollars on talents like Kyle Tucker and Bo Bichette.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/articles-of-impeachment-introduced-against-rfk-jr-11186772
Article: has turned his back on science and the safety of the American people," said Representative Haley Stevens, the Michigan Democrat moving to impeach Kennedy Jr, in a statement posted to X.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/pope-criticizes-trump-peace-plan-ukraine-rare-rebuke-11186034
Article: Referring to Trump's peace plan for Ukraine, the pontiff said: "I think, unfortunately, some parts of it I have seen make a huge change in what was, for many, many years, a true alliance between Europe and the United States. "The remarks that were made about Europe, also in interviews recently, I think, are trying to break apart what I think needs to be a very important alliance today and in the future. would be in agreement, I think that many others would see things in a different way." Newsweek contacted the White House via email outside of regular business hours for comment. Why It Matters The pope's public criticism of the peace plan has spotlighted tensions in trans-Atlantic relations and renewed debate over the appropriate structure for negotiations to end the war in Ukraine. As the leader of over 1 billion Catholics and an advocate for peace, Pope Leo’s comments carry influence in diplomatic and humanitarian arenas—especially at a time when allied unity is under strain. The Holy See has played an ongoing role in calling for a ceasefire and facilitating dialogue between Kyiv and Moscow, particularly in humanitarian efforts to return Ukrainian children taken to Russia. Europe must be part of this, and unfortunately, not everyone understands this, but I think there is a great opportunity for European leaders to unite and seek a solution together." According to the official Vatican summary of the meeting, the pope and Zelensky discussed the progress and challenges of ongoing humanitarian mediation, including efforts to return abducted Ukrainian children, release prisoners of war, and sustain diplomatic dialogue. According to a Vatican statement released after the Castel Gandolfo talks, the pope "reiterated the need for the continuation of dialogue and expressed his urgent desire that the current diplomatic initiatives bring about a just and lasting peace." The pope confirmed he discussed bringing back abducted children from Ukraine with Zelensky "Most of the work that's going on, which is very slow, unfortunately, but is done, if you will, behind the scenes," he said, adding that work was being done to "get those children back to their homes, to their families." What People Are Saying Zelensky said on X: "Ukraine deeply appreciates all the support of His Holiness Pope Leo XIV and the Holy See – the ongoing humanitarian assistance and the readiness to expand humanitarian missions. "During today’s audience with His Holiness, I thanked him for his constant prayers for Ukraine and for the Ukrainian people, as well as for his calls for a just peace. They don’t know what to do." What Happens Next The Vatican has restated its readiness to provide space and opportunities for direct talks between parties, though the pope noted that to date, such offers have not been accepted by all sides.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/foreign-forces-are-sowing-discord-on-the-home-front-opinion-11186540
Article: A newly released study from the Network Contagion Research Institute—"America Last: How Fuentes’s Coordinated Raids and Foreign Fake-Speech Networks Inflate His Influence"—reports that what appears to be online grassroots enthusiasm for certain fringe figures on the Right, such as notorious Holocaust denier Nick Fuentes, is likely significantly amplified on social media by foreign bot networks and coordinated foreign-based online manipulation. The broader trend is undeniable: Foreign actors understand that the American Right is fractured, emotionally inflamed, and algorithmically vulnerable—and they are taking full advantage and muddying the waters as much as possible At the same time, the spectacle at this past weekend's Doha Forum in Qatar should alarm us all. 7, 2023 world, the Doha Forum functions as a kind of soft-power expo for a notoriously duplicitous emirate long associated with Sunni Islamism, including the intellectual legacy of the Muslim Brotherhood. Yet American "conservative" voices—most prominently, the increasingly unhinged Tucker Carlson—participated this year in ways that many on the Right correctly saw as troublingly deferential, even outright sycophantic, toward an Islamism-funding and -disseminating regime whose extremist ideological commitments lie about as far as possible outside the boundaries of the American tradition. Simply put, the "America First" case for buying property in Doha, as Carlson now vows to do, is so preposterous and outlandish so as to be the punchline of a lousy joke. For a movement that purportedly prides itself on national sovereignty, civilizational confidence, and an unflinching defense of the American way of life, the sight of prominent right-wing figures treating an Islamist-aligned foreign monarchy as a kind of lodestar is positively jarring. Many on the American Right spent the better part of two decades warning about the corrosive influence of Qatar’s soft-power ventures—from Western university campuses to think tank funding streams to media enterprises. For our own integrity, and for the country we seek to restore, we must reaffirm that American conservatism is accountable only to the American people, and to the higher truths that have sustained this nation since the Founding. You can also now watch all episodes of "The Josh Hammer Show" at Newsweek's YouTube page (as well as at Salem News Channel, due to our partnership with Salem Media Group)! According to a July 2025 report from the Yale Program on Climate Change Communication, while a majority (69%) of Americans still say global warming is happening, only 60% say it's "mostly human-caused"; 28% attribute it mostly to natural environmental changes.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/ncaa/diego-pavia-vows-to-give-up-his-nil-money-if-this-cfp-scenario-happens-11186433
Article: That left out teams like Notre Dame, BYU, Vanderbilt, and Texas—four programs that didn’t always make things easy on themselves but would likely be heavy favorites in a head-to-head matchup against either of those two schools. During a recent appearance on "The Pivot" podcast, Vanderbilt quarterback and newly named Heisman Trophy finalist Diego Pavia made a bold claim: if a Group of Five team like Tulane or James Madison ever wins the College Football Playoff, he’ll give all of the NIL money he’s earned—worth several million dollars—to that school, because he doesn’t believe it will ever happen. More news: Nick Saban Has Strong Reaction to Notre Dame’s College Football Playoff Snub This year’s scenario was unusual because the ACC, one of the Power Four conferences, had an extremely down year. The Duke Blue Devils, who finished with five losses, won the conference championship but didn’t receive one of the automatic CFP bids, opening the door for two Group of Five teams to sneak into the field. In most seasons, four of the five teams that make the playoff come from the SEC, Big Ten, Big 12, and ACC, with just one Group of Five team earning a spot. The committee now faces a key question: should the priority be putting the 12 best teams in the field, or rewarding teams for winning their conference championship and being among the five highest-ranked title winners, while filling the remaining seven spots with at-large bids?

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/jesse-mack-butler-protests-hearing-spared-jail-sexual-assault-11185402
Article: Public anger over the case of Jesse Mack Butler intensified this week as the teen returned to court for a routine hearing—which drew protesters, national media attention, and renewed questions about whether the justice system failed his victims. Police affidavits describe repeated sexual assaults, coercion, and strangulation so severe that one victim, according to a doctor, might have died had the pressure continued "seconds longer." Investigators also recovered a video showing Butler choking a victim unconscious. Though police records detail repeated assaults and near-fatal strangulation of two teenage girls, Butler avoided prison under Oklahoma’s youthful-offender statute—a decision critics say reflects systemic leniency and possible local favoritism, given his family’s community ties. What To Know Jesse Mack Butler is an 18-year-old from Stillwater, Oklahoma, who pleaded no contest—a plea that accepts punishment as if guilty without admitting the crimes, a strategy often used to avoid the admission being used in potential civil lawsuits—to 10 rape-related charges involving two high school girls. Judge Susan Worthington is the special judge who granted Butler youthful-offender status—allowing him to avoid prison—and has since faced public scrutiny because of her alleged ties to Oklahoma State University, where Butler’s father previously worked. The act’s purpose explicitly states that for eligible youth, the court may place them "in the custody or under the supervision of the Office of Juvenile Affairs (OJA)…for the purpose of accessing the rehabilitative programs provided by that Office." The Payne County District Attorney’s Office has defended the decision, noting the statute "allows the court to maintain supervision until the defendant’s 19th birthday and gives him a chance for rehabilitation while still holding him accountable," adding that the designation "does not erase the crimes or minimize their impact." At Monday’s hearing, Judge Michael Kulling determined Butler remains in compliance with the terms of his probation—requirements that include therapy, weekly counseling, daily check-ins, community service, a curfew, and a social-media ban. The courthouse steps have become a focal point for demonstrations, with signs reading "No Jail, No Justice" and "Hold Jesse Responsible." Some protesters questioned why a case involving violent and documented assaults resulted in probation, and whether Butler’s family connections influenced the outcome, as his father previously held a leadership role within Oklahoma State University’s football program. Betty Patterson, one of the protesters, told local media: "Rape is rape, violence is violence, and it needs to end—and so does systematic corruption." Another protester, Tori Grey, said, "The criminal is innocent, basically, and the victims are the ones having to serve the time." As Butler arrived at the courthouse on Monday, video captured a protester confronting him directly: "Why did you rape those girls, Jesse?" He did not respond, entering the building flanked by officers and family members. Cara Carllson, a victims’ advocate, argued that sealing records "was swept away…as if it were their form of healing and it is not." She also questioned how therapy could be effective "when he has never admitted any wrongdoing." Growing Political and Legal Fallout State Representative Justin "JJ" Humphrey has labeled the ruling "unacceptable" and announced plans to petition for a grand jury review. She asks, "Do you have to put him in handcuffs?" before telling her son, "I’ll get you out." Although Butler’s next review hearing is months away, the debate over his case—its handling, transparency, and broader implications—shows no sign of fading. Timeline of Key Events in the Jesse Mack Butler Case Early 2024: Two Stillwater High School students report repeated sexual assaults, strangulation, and coercion during their respective relationships with Jesse Mack Butler. What People Are Saying Gabryel McKinzie, Stillwater High School student said: "It really means a lot to show that there's a lot of people out here that really care and really want to make this world better and get people like him off the streets." Tristan Turner, another Stillwater High School student added: "I want him to get what he deserves. [Judge] Worthington needs out of office." What Happens Next Butler now remains under strict state supervision until his 19th birthday, with another compliance review set for April 24, while any violation could trigger the full 78-year sentence. At the same time, the case is far from over publicly or politically: victims’ advocates are pushing for more court records to be unsealed, lawmakers such as Representative Justin "JJ" Humphrey are seeking a grand jury review, and community protests continue to grow amid concerns of leniency and possible favoritism.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/wrestling/wwe-talent-gets-surprising-name-change-report-11186279
Article: He was paired with Dupri to take on the team of Joe Hendry and Kendal Grey and the team of Channing "Stacks" Lorenzo and Arianna Grace in a mixed triple threat tag team match.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/nato-denmark-trump-security-threat-russia-greenland-arctic-11186411
Article: role as guarantor of Europe's security." The report also concluded that uncertainty over U.S.'s role in Europe was likely to spur Russia to intensify its hybrid attacks against NATO members, which have already accused Moscow of repeated drone and aircraft breaches of its airspace. What To Know The report said there was greater competition between the U.S., China and Russia regarding the Artic and Greenland - a Danish territory sought by President Donald Trump. This attention also increases the threat of espionage, including cyber espionage, and attempts at influence against all parts of the Kingdom of Denmark." The agency added that the risk posed to the region by Russia and China had "become more serious," and it noted that Beijing's use of economic and military leverage continues to challenge Western influence in the region. The assessment follows a report by the Danish newspaper Politiken in November that the country's government had installed a night watch alert system to monitor whether Trump would make comments about Greenland. Søndergaard said that the government had noted a change of Trump's tactics over the year from "outlandish remarks about taking Greenland with force," to focusing on persuading the Greenlanders themselves about economic benefits of partnership.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/donald-trump-considers-eliminating-another-tax-11185821
Article: With a significant portion of Americans participating in gambling annually, any change to the current tax policy on winnings could have substantial repercussions for taxpayers, government revenues, and the federal deficit . I'm gonna have to think about that." The proposal would add to several recent tax breaks, including the signed OBBBA , which implemented 'no tax on tips' and 'no tax on overtime' provisions. It includes cash winnings and the fair market value of prizes, such as cars and trips." Speaking about eliminating income tax with reference to increased tariff and investment revenues, Trump said: "Over the next couple of years, I think we'll substantially be cutting—and maybe cutting out completely—income tax. We could be almost completely cutting it because the money we're taking in is going to be so large." Michael Graetz, professor of Tax Law at Columbia Law School, told Newsweek: “Eliminating the income tax has been a Republican goal since the 1990s. The idea that President Trump has attracted sufficient investment into the United States to create enough economic growth to make up the shortfall is laughable—even though he is probably not joking." Stephen Moore, economist and former Trump adviser, told Bloomberg: "Even if [Trump is] wrong by a factor of 10, we’re still talking $2 trillion. Even if he’s off by a factor of a hundred, that’s still a lot of money." What Happens Next Eliminating taxes on gambling winnings, as well as other forms of income tax, faces several hurdles.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/donald-trump-reveals-countries-immigrants-11185842
Article: Why It Matters During his first presidential term, Trump was accused of using derogatory language during a 2018 Oval Office meeting in which he was reported to have referred to "s***hole" countries, and disparaged Haiti, as he rejected a bipartisan immigration deal. Trump later denied he had used the language attributed to him and the White House said he backed immigration policies that welcome "those who can contribute to our society." But Trump’s announcement of a "permanent pause on third-world migration" included him telling the crowd, "I didn't say 's***hole'—you did" and later comments appeared to confirm the 2018 report. On the latter, Trump said he had announced a permanent pause "on third-world migration—including from hellholes like Afghanistan, Haiti, Somalia, and many other countries." In what appears to be a response to what he had heard from the crowd, he said, "I didn't say 's***hole'—you did." This appeared to confirm a story from his first term that had been denied, in which he disparaged Haiti and African nations, and referred to "s***hole" countries during an Oval Office meeting in 2018. Trump repeated the language on Tuesday, as he continued, saying that he had told a meeting of Democratic lawmakers, "why is it we only take people from s***hole countries, right?" Trump asked why there could not be some people from Norway, Sweden, Denmark, adding, "send us some nice people, do you mind?" This is a reprise of reported comments by Trump in 2018 at that Oval Office meeting in which he had allegedly asked why there could not be more immigrants from Norway. illegally, prompting the crowd to chant "send her back." Trump has been ramping up his rhetoric about Somali immigrants living in Minnesota amid reports that the group was connected to a fraud scandal in the state. Omar accused the president of "regurgitating bigoted lies." What People Are Saying President Donald Trump, on Tuesday: "Why can’t we have some people from Norway, Sweden, just a few…from Denmark…send us some nice people. He continues to be a national embarrassment." What Happens Next The Trump administration has already banned travel from 19 different countries deemed a security and public safety threat, which includes Afghanistan but it is unclear whether Trump's comments signal a new immigration policy. Homeland Security Secretary Kristi Noem said the travel ban could be expanded to more than 30 countries following the shooting of two National Guard troops in Washington, D.C., in which the alleged gunman was an Afghan national.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/donald-trump-pennsylvania-rally-speech-11185394
Article: Why It Matters Amid concerns about the GOP's performance in a series of elections in November, and a series of polls indicating his unpopularity with the American public, Trump will travel the county to campaign ahead of the November 2026 midterms, White House chief of staff Susie Wiles said. "Tariffs are bringing us hundreds of billions of dollars." Affordability The economy is a key concern for American voters, with a Gallup poll showing that they overwhelmingly cited economic pressures as the main reason they voted for Trump in the November 2024 presidential election. The president pledged to bring down inflation on the campaign trail, but since taking office, Trump has been hit with a series of negative polls about his handling of the economy. Wages are up, prices are down, our nation is strong." 'Susie Trump' Trump referred to his Chief of Staff, Susie Wiles, as "Susie Trump." It is unclear if this was a joke or a mistake. Border policies Trump claimed that immigration under the Biden administration had "fueled inflation" and said that "we inherited the worst border in the history of the world." But things have since turned around under his administration, he claimed. Month after month, we are delivering results that were once thought impossible: the most secure border in history and unmatched enforcement successes," Department of Homeland Security Secretary Kristi Noem said in December. They only need one or two." What People Are Saying In a statement before Trump's speech, Democratic National Committee Rapid Response Director Kendall Witmer said: "Donald Trump has dropped the ball on the economy—and now he’s heading to Pennsylvania to try to convince voters that the economy is in good hands. Trump and Republicans have repeatedly called affordability a ‘hoax,’ as Trump gives himself a pat on the back for his ‘A-plus-plus-plus-plus-plus economy.’ The reality is that everyday Americans are struggling to get by because Trump’s policies have caused surging prices and a hollowed-out job market—and Trump has offered nothing but deflection and excuses." Susie Wiles said about Trump on The Mom View podcast: "He’s going to have a fun next year, but we’re going to put him on the campaign trail, too." What Happens Next The midterm elections take place in November 2026.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/mcdonalds-netherlands-pulls-ai-christmas-advert-response-11186108
Article: In an email shared with Newsweek, a spokesperson for McDonald’s Netherlands said: “The commercial was produced for McDonald’s Netherlands, but we have decided to remove our AI-generated Christmas advert.” Why It Matters It might be the most wonderful time of year, but for big name brands and advertising agencies, there have been some AI-related hiccups in the 2025 Christmas season. The advert had the tagline “The most stressful time of year,” and featured a number of AI-generated people and families who all experienced mishaps in the lead up to the festive season, whether it was an exploding Christmas tree or presents falling off roofs. The social media user @HeavySpoilers, a content publisher, wrote of this on X in a post viewed over 290,000 times "‘Comments have been turned off’ is usually a great sign in the confidence of how well received something will be." A McDonald’s Netherlands spokesperson told Newsweek the advert had been intended to reflect the stressful moments that can occur during the holidays in the Netherlands, "but we recognize that for many of our guests, the season is 'the most wonderful time of the year'". What People Are Saying A spokesperson for McDonald’s Netherlands told Newsweek: "It was intended to reflect the stressful moments that can occur during the holidays in the Netherlands, but we recognize that for many of our guests, the season is 'the most wonderful time of the year'. This moment serves as an important learning as we explore the effective use of AI." Matt Walsh, a conservative political commentator, in a post on X viewed over 3 million times: "It sucks. We should relentlessly mock and deride and bully anyone or any company that uses AI like this." Jacksfilms, an entertainment account on X wrote in a post viewed over 1 million times: "Hi! Please be nice to my team as many of them will be laid off/replaced by AI." The account @USA_Polling, in a post on X viewed over 800,000 times: "wow this looks like f****** s***." The account @ArtofSpongebob, in a post on X viewed over 600,000 times: "The message of this ad is 'the holidays suck' and it’s solution is to spend as much time in McDonald’s as possible. Forget your friends and family…have a Big Mac." What’s Next More high-profile companies may receive similar criticism in coming years over the usage of AI in advertisements, as this kind of content continues to be contentious.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/amnesty-international-the-us-must-reflect-and-recommit-to-respecting-human-rights-opinion-11184137
Article: On this Human Rights Day, we honor the Universal Declaration of Human Rights (UDHR)—the foundational 1948 document affirming that “all human beings are born free and equal in dignity and rights,” which the U.S. From targeting protestors to treating immigrants cruelly, from sending militarized forces into our communities to extrajudicially killing (murdering) more than 80 people in the Caribbean and Pacific, the Trump administration’s assault on human rights must stop. At least 10 international students and activists have faced similar targeting for Palestinian rights advocacy, including Leqaa Kordia, a 32-year-old Palestinian woman detained since March 13, 2025, after a protest at Columbia University. I recently met with lawyers and people previously detained in the Everglades Detention Facility, known as “Alligator Alcatraz” who shared devastating reports of torture, denial of medical care and inhumane conditions without access to attorneys. At a visit to the Krome North Service Processing Center, another immigrant detention center in Florida, I saw these conditions with my owns eyes and spoke to people detained who said they’ve “lived through hell.” Militarized forces have taken over city streets—especially threatening to brown and Black communities—even as local officials and some federal judges demanded President Trump stop.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/nation-world/grubhub-2025-most-popular-food-report/507-218642f0-1c6b-489d-9719-3e68ab320f6e
Article: For 2025, Grubhub said its users were "Foodmaxxing, a cultural shift where meals, snacks, drinks and grocery orders were designed for maximum nutritional value, functional payoff, and yes, a little extra aesthetic appeal for their social feeds." Grubhub's breakout star of the year were beans, having jumped 135% in grocery orders this year.

Link: https://abc7.com/post/sophie-kinsella-author-best-selling-shopaholic-novels-dies-55/18271512/
Article: Sophie Kinsella, author of the best-selling 'Shopaholic' novels, dies at 55 Sophie Kinsella, the author of "Confessions of a Shopaholic" and a series of millions-selling sequels died Monday, her family said. "We can't imagine what life will be like without her radiance and love of life." Kinsella, who also published under her real name, Madeleine Wickham, announced in April 2024 that she had been diagnosed in late 2022 with glioblastoma, an aggressive form of brain cancer. "I did not share this before because I wanted to make sure that my children were able to hear and process the news in privacy and adapt to our 'new normal,'" she said at the time. Starting in 2000 with "The Secret Dreamworld of a Shopaholic," (titled "Confessions of a Shopaholic" in the United States), about a financial journalist who writes about money matters but fails miserably at managing her own, Kinsella published 10 "Shopaholic" novels, along with other fiction.

Link: https://abc7.com/post/diana-ross-headline-dick-clarks-new-years-rockin-eve-2026-historic-star-packed-record-breaking-celebration/18269624/
Article: This year's telecast delivers its biggest lineup ever, plus a record-breaking run time and live countdowns coast-to-coast LOS ANGELES -- The number one New Year's Eve special on television just landed its headliner — and she's nothing short of legendary! The full list of performers include: 4 Non Blondes, 50 Cent, 6lack, AJR, BigXthaPlug, Chance the Rapper, Charlie Puth, Chappell Roan, Ciara, Demi Lovato, DJ Cassidy's Pass the Mic Live! & Wyclef Jean, Filmore, Goo Goo Dolls, Jess Glynne, Jessie Murph, Jordan Davis, KPop Demon Hunters: The Singing Voices of HUNTR/X - EJAE, Audrey Nuna and REI AMI, Leon Thomas, LE SSERAFIM, Lil Jon, Little Big Town, Madison Beer, Maren Morris, sponsored by Carnival Cruise Line, Mariah Carey, New Kids on the Block, OneRepublic, Pitbull, Post Malone, Rick Springfield, Russell Dickerson, The All-American Rejects, Tucker Wetmore and Zara Larsson. This year's broadcast will also be the longest NYRE telecast ever, adding an extra 90 minutes of programming and featuring the "soundtrack of the year." GRAMMY-winning hometown native Chance the Rapper will lead the first-ever "Dick Clark's New Year's Rockin' Eve" live Central Time Zone countdown from Chicago, and NFL legend Rob Gronkowski returns alongside multihyphenate performer Julianne Hough, who makes her NYRE co-hosting debut as they take over Los Angeles.

Link: https://abc7.com/videoClip/50-year-hockey-tradition-thanksgiving/18249789/
Article: 50-year hockey tradition brings high school friends back home MONTGOMERY TOWNSHIP, Pennsylvania -- Whether it's 1975 or 2025, their instructions are the same: meet at Fellowship Park the day after Thanksgiving to play hockey.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c0mpx9yn831o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Porn company starts age checks after £1m Ofcom fine The UK's media regulator says a porn company it fined £1m for failing to comply with the Online Safety Act has started to include age checks on some of its websites. An Ofcom spokesperson said since the decision, AVS has now implemented a "highly effective age assurance method on certain websites", which was able to tell whether or not a child was using the site.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/10/nvidia-backed-starcloud-trains-first-ai-model-in-space-orbital-data-centers.html
Article: Last month, the Washington-based company launched a satellite with a Nvidia H100 graphics processing unit, sending a chip into outer space that's 100 times more powerful than any GPU compute that has been in space before. Now, the company's Starcloud-1 satellite is running and querying responses from Gemma, an open large language model from Google , in orbit, marking the first time in history that an LLM has been trained in outer space. Nvidia -backed startup Starcloud trained an artificial intelligence model from space for the first time, signaling a new era for orbital data centers that could alleviate Earth's escalating digital infrastructure crisis. Johnston, who co-founded the startup in 2024, said Starcloud-1's operation of Gemma is proof that space-based data centers can exist and operate a variety of AI models in the future, particularly those that require large compute clusters. We can do that with our satellite." In a statement to CNBC, Google DeepMind product director Tris Warkentin said that "seeing Gemma run in the harsh environment of space is a testament to the flexibility and robustness of open models." In addition to Gemma, Starcloud was able to train NanoGPT, an LLM created by OpenAI founding member Andrej Karpath, on the H100 chip using the complete works of Shakespeare. Starcloud — a member of the Nvidia Inception program and graduate from Y Combinator and the Google for Startups Cloud AI Accelerator — plans to build a 5-gigawatt orbital data center with solar and cooling panels that measure roughly 4 kilometers in both width and height. "We've linked in the telemetry of the satellite, so we linked in the vital signs that it's drawing from the sensors — things like altitude, orientation, location, speed," Johnston said. "You can ask it, 'Where are you now?' and it will say 'I'm above Africa and in 20 minutes, I'll be above the Middle East.' And you could also say, 'What does it feel like to be a satellite? It'll give you an interesting answer that you could only have with a very high-powered model." Starcloud is working on customer workloads by running inference on satellite imagery from observation company Capella Space, which could help spot lifeboats from capsized vessels at sea and forest fires in a certain location.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/10/former-gitlab-ceo-raises-8-million-for-kilo-to-compete-in-vibe-coding.html
Article: Members of the Kilo Code team, including Scott Breitenother, its co-founder and CEO, and Sid Sijbrandij, its co-founder and previously the CEO of GitLab, gather for the startup's all-team gathering in Amsterdam in October 2025. It's the most widely used service for startup OpenRouter's application programming interface that gives developers access to a variety of AI models, including Grok Code Fast 1 from Elon Musk's xAI. "If he didn't have access to Kilo, it would have taken him a few days to implement." GitLab, which has been testing a platform for AI agents to perform tasks, is paying attention, and was interested in what Kilo was building. The company said that it paid Kilo $1,000 in exchange for a right of first refusal for 10 business days should the startup receive an acquisition proposal before August 2026.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nfl/browns-prediction-is-good-news-for-quarterback-shedeur-sanders-11186905
Article: Shedeur Sanders earned the Cleveland Browns starting quarterback job for the rest of the 2025 season after he accounted for nearly 400 yards and four touchdowns in a thrilling 31-29 loss to the Tennessee Titans in Week 14. He knows there are always going to be plays that he can be better and those type of things, but he's very intentional about getting better each and every game he's out there." Despite his 1-2 record as the team's starting quarterback, Sanders got some good news in the form of a draft prediction from ESPN's Field Yates. More Football: NFL Reaches Punishment Decision After Jaxson Dart Incident vs Patriots Yates revealed his latest mock draft that has the Browns selecting Ohio State star wide receiver Carnell Tate with the No. While the Browns seem to have hit a home run in rookie tight end Harold Fannin Jr., no Browns wide receiver has reached 40 receptions for 500 yards so far this season.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/map-reveals-cities-hit-hardest-delistings-11185257
Article: In the face of sluggish demand and widespread cancellations of home-purchase agreements, a growing number of American sellers are calling it quits, taking their properties off the market altogether, according to new data shared by Realtor.com. In October, delistings nationwide were up 45.5 percent since the beginning of the year and 37.9 percent compared to a year earlier, a record growth that cemented 2025 as the year with the highest national delisting rate since Realtor.com began tracking the data in 2022. market to the flow of new listings, which it described as the "ratio of unsuccessful sellers to new sellers." It found that Miami had the highest delisting-to-new-listing ratio in October, at 45.1 percent, down from 60 percent in August but up from 34 percent a year earlier. "It's clear Miami sellers would strongly prefer not to budge much on price and would rather delist and wait the market out instead," Realtor.com senior economist Jake Krimmel said in the report. While delistings always increase in the city this time of the year, Amanda Snitker, a real estate agent and the chair of the Denver Metro Association of Realtors' Marketing Trends Committee, told Realtor.com that the recent surge was being driven by sellers' frustration. "It isn't necessarily about a specific home, which makes it hard for sellers to make decisions that appeal to buyers." Houston took the third spot with a ratio of 36.6 percent, down from 40 percent in August, but up from 31 percent in October 2024. What People Are Saying Realtor.com senior economist Jake Krimmel said in the report: "Sellers came to market and inventory in many metros boomed, but the buyers never really showed up this summer. Between higher than expected interest rates and home prices, low consumer sentiment, and broader economic uncertainty, demand was extremely low." He added: "The delisting trend is a perfect personification of the stagnant and frustration-filled housing market. With buyers and sellers far apart, the sellers' solution is to pull that trump card and delist, rather than cut prices." What Happens Next According to Realtor.com, the surge in delistings observed across the country shows that more homeowners are "retreating when their price expectations aren't met, underscoring how affordability pressures are weighing on seller confidence." This, ultimately, shows that many sellers can afford to be picky and wait until conditions in the U.S.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/map-shows-states-heavy-snow-strong-clipper-11185819
Article: The National Weather Service (NWS) said the system was expected to bring heavy snow and high winds to the upper Midwest on Tuesday, then across the Great Lakes area on Wednesday. "This clipper system is forecast to quickly intensify, producing an expanding area of very strong and gusty winds to accompany the snow." The "maturing" clipper would move into the lower Great Lakes by Wednesday morning, "spreading wintry weather into the Interior Northeast," it said. A forecast map from the agency showed that areas potentially facing heavy snow on Wednesday include northeastern Ohio and northwest Pennsylvania, parts of Upstate New York, and portions of Vermont and New Hampshire. Also accompanying the storm are powerful wind gusts that are sweeping in on the back side of the storm across the Plains, Midwest and the Northeast," AccuWeather meteorologist Brandon Buckingham told Newsweek on Wednesday morning. The highest snowfall totals from this system are expected to focus across Wisconsin and central Michigan, along with northern New York near the Adirondacks where six to 12 inches of snow is expected, Buckingham said. "Additional snow is expected behind this clipper in the form of lake effect snow between Wednesday night and Thursday night in the favored lake effect belt zones of Michigan, Pennsylvania, New York and the high terrain of West Virginia," said Buckingham. The NWS explains that lake effect snow—a common occurrence across the Great Lakes region in late fall and winter— forms when cold air masses move over the open waters of the Great Lakes. "This clipper is not expected to be as intense as the current storm, but it can still produce a narrow strip of three to six inches of snow with locally higher amounts from southern Minnesota to central Indiana by the end of the day on Friday." Yet another storm will start out in Montana Thursday and Friday, race across the Plains and Midwest by Saturday, and likely head toward the East Coast Saturday night into Sunday. It could intensify as cold air meets the Atlantic, bringing a brief shot of snow from the mid-Atlantic to New England later this weekend, though the forecast is still uncertain at this time, said Buckingham.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/ncaa/archie-manning-has-strong-reaction-to-lane-kiffin-leaving-ole-miss-for-lsu-11186670
Article: Lane Kiffin dominated college football headlines for several days after making the bold decision to leave Ole Miss—despite the Rebels being in the College Football Playoff—to accept the head coaching job at LSU in Baton Rouge. Opinions on Kiffin’s departure are still rolling in, and one of the most recent came from former Ole Miss legend Archie Manning, father of Peyton, Eli, and Cooper, and grandfather of current Texas Longhorns QB Arch, who is named after him. I sure hope so.” More news: Big 12 Coach Admits College Football is Broken After Missing Out on CFP More news: Nick Saban Has Strong Reaction to Notre Dame’s College Football Playoff Snub Archie Manning is widely regarded as one of the greatest Ole Miss players of all time, a star dual-threat quarterback—unlike his sons Peyton and Eli, who both went on to legendary football careers. Now, he can vicariously live through his son, Arch, who just completed his first full regular season as Texas’ starting QB, leading the Longhorns to a huge season-finale win over No. While Archie still cheers for the Rebels—where Kiffin coached for the last six years—he spent most of his NFL career with the New Orleans Saints, making Louisiana his home for quite some time.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/local/tarrant-county/fort-worth-isd-teacher-inappropriate-communication-investigation-north-side-high-school/287-fe72ffc3-d9e9-4851-939e-7e46c48ac0c7
Article: FORT WORTH, Texas — A staff member at North Side High School in Fort Worth ISD has been placed on administrative leave after he was accused of inappropriate communication, officials said. Manny De La Cruz, principal of North Side High School, said in a letter to parents, which was obtained by WFAA, that they are "aware of an online post circulating this evening that alleges inappropriate communication by a Northside High School staff member." "Please know that Fort Worth ISD is actively reviewing the matter and is following all appropriate procedures to determine the facts and respond accordingly," the principal continued in the letter. We will continue to monitor the situation and share updates when appropriate." The Fort Worth Police Department confirmed in a statement Wednesday that they were notified of an allegation of inappropriate communication involving a Fort Worth ISD teacher. "We appreciate the community’s understanding and cooperation as we work to ensure a thorough and proper investigation." Fort Worth ISD told WFAA via email that the district "took swift action in alignment with district policy" upon learning the allegations.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/world/ukrainian-officials-expected-to-present-new-peace-proposals-to-u-s-negotiators
Article: negotiators Wednesday, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy said, a day ahead of his urgent talks with leaders and officials from about 30 other countries supporting Kyiv’s effort to end the war with Russia on acceptable terms. President Donald Trump’s push for a settlement and calls for an election in Ukraine, Zelenskyy said his country would be ready for such a vote within three months if partners can guarantee safe balloting during wartime and if its electoral law can be altered. READ MORE: What to know about peace talks on Russia’s war in Ukraine The French government said Ukraine’s allies — dubbed the “Coalition of the Willing” — will discuss the negotiations Thursday by video. Zelenskyy’s openness to an election was a response to comments by Trump in which he questioned Ukraine’s democracy and suggested the Ukrainian leader was using the war as an excuse not to stand before voters. “To hold elections, two issues must be addressed: primarily, security — how to conduct them, how to do it under strikes, under missile attacks; and a question regarding our military — how they would vote,” Zelenskyy said. Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov praised Trump’s role in the Ukraine peace effort, saying in a speech to the upper house of parliament that Moscow appreciates his “commitment to dialogue.” Trump, Lavrov said, is “the only Western leader” who shows “an understanding of the reasons that made war in Ukraine inevitable.” Trump’s peace efforts have run into sharply conflicting demands from Moscow and Kyiv. Zelenskyy met this week with the leaders of Britain, Germany and France in London, the heads of NATO and the European Union in Brussels, and then to Rome to meet the Italian premier and Pope Leo XIV. Zelenskyy said three documents were being discussed with American and European partners — a 20-point framework document that is constantly changing, a document on security guarantees, and a document about Ukraine’s recovery. Military aid for Ukraine declines Europe’s support is uneven, however, and that has meant a decrease in military aid since the Trump administration this year cut off supplies to Kyiv unless they were paid for by other NATO countries. “If this slower pace continues in the remaining months (of the year), 2025 will become the year with the lowest level of new aid allocations” since the war began, it said.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/10/traders-say-fed-2026-rate-outlook-will-have-the-most-market-impact-today.html
Article: The central bank's so-called dot plot , which anonymously shows 19 individual members' expectations, indicated a median estimate of 3.4% for the federal funds rate — currently 3.75% to 4.00% — at the end of next year. "We think forward guidance will pivot in a neutral-to-hawkish direction as the Fed goes on hold for at least the first few meetings of 2026," he wrote in a note to clients. "I continue to believe that [Jerome] Powell will tell us today that what would need to be triggered in order to get another rate cut or two in his last three meetings as Chair will have to be another deceleration in inflation and/or a further rise in the unemployment rate.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/10/rivian-rivn-ai-day-avs-evs.html
Article: Joel Angel Juarez | Reuters DETROIT — Rivian Automotive will let artificial intelligence take the wheel to try to convince investors that its future can be more lucrative than its past. The all-electric vehicle maker is set to host its first "Autonomy and AI Day" Thursday as its core business of producing and selling EVs hasn't been as fruitful as expected since its initial public offering in 2021. The company also continues to lose billions of dollars annually, despite significant cost reductions and gains in software revenue thanks to a multiyear $5.8 billion joint venture deal with German automaker Volkswagen. CEO RJ Scaringe has always sold the company as a technology play in varying forms – from initially touting its cloud-based tech and "vertically integrated ecosystem" to more recently highlighting new "zonal" software architecture and AI aspirations. It has tactically brought its software and automation efforts in house to unlock future growth potential for investors and to try to expand its customer base amid slowing sales of EVs and regulatory changes. "Over the longer term, we believe what will differentiate Rivian's autonomous capabilities will be our end-to-end AI-centric approach," Scaringe said last month during the automaker's most recent quarterly investor call. Morgan Stanley this week downgraded Rivian to underweight, citing the EV deceleration and Rivian not having the "scale or balance sheet to support the capital intensity" of reinvesting in the current "industry hype cycle" around AVs and AI. "We are taking a more cautious view on the Auto Industry heading into 2026 after a surprisingly resilient 2025," Morgan Stanley analyst Andrew Percoco wrote in a Sunday investor note. Scaringe has said the AI Day will include in-depth looks at the computing power of Rivian's new vehicles, such as its upcoming "R2" SUV; its autonomous vehicle platform; and data flywheel in which data inputs are used to continuously improve products. Rivian is currently viewed as lagging Tesla and even legacy automakers such as General Motors , Ford Motor and German luxury brands when it comes to its advanced driver assistance systems, or ADAS. While Rivian is regularly compared with Tesla, its AI Day is expected to focus more on vehicles and supporting software initiatives rather than non-core businesses such as humanoid robots like Tesla has done. "Management will likely provide updated timelines on its next generation features and perhaps better dimension the cost/resources required to achieve its ambitions," Deutsche Bank analyst Edison Yu said in an investor note. "High level, the company has alluded to a vertically integrated, AI-centric autonomy platform that digests raw, multi-modal sensor data to train large models." Advanced driver assistance systems and autonomous vehicles have once again become a focus for investors and auto companies as AI technologies have grown over the past year. watch now The automotive industry has been working toward true AVs for a while, though it has seen little success other than from Google -backed Waymo and, increasingly, Tesla's ADAS features. "We believe RIVN will attempt to show why they should be seen as a serious players in the US AV space, which currently is largely seen as a two player game between Tesla and Waymo," Barclays analyst Dan Levy said in a Friday investor note. Wall Street analysts expect Rivian will focus on its in-house software enabling more advanced ADAS features, including the ability for its vehicles to eventually be able to drive themselves in certain circumstances. The highest level 5, is a fully autonomous vehicle, with each stage from level 0 adding more technologies and allowing human drivers to be more "out of the loop." watch now Vehicles on U.S. roadways today have varying levels of autonomy but nearly all are categorized as level 2 — allowing drivers to have their hands off the wheel in certain circumstances — or below, including those with cruise control and "adaptive cruise control." More recently, many companies have focused on growing their ADAS systems past level 2, where vehicles can largely drive themselves under certain conditions.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/10/us-to-inspect-tourists-social-media-history-from-past-5-years-.html
Article: Tourists — including those from Britain, Australia, France, and Japan — will be mandated to provide five years of their social media history as part of their applications to visit the U.S., according to a notice posted by the U.S. Tourists from nations that are included in the U.S.' Visa Waiver Program can apply to the Electronic System for Travel and Authorization (ESTA), to visit the country for 90 days or less, with a fee of $40. The border force said it will also collect "several high value data fields," including applicants' email addresses from the past 10 years, their telephone numbers used in the past five years, and names and details of family members.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/before-and-after-photos-progress-white-house-east-wing-demolition-11186056
Article: A new set of photographs has revealed the progress made by workers on the ongoing demolition and reconstruction of the White House East Wing to make way for President Donald Trump's new ballroom. Why It Matters Trump said in a post on Truth Social on December 6 that the project will be double the size originally anticipated, but is ahead of schedule and under budget. The White House had previously said in July, when announcing the project, that it would be completed "long before" the end of the president's second term and cost approximately $200 million. The administration has dismissed pushback against the expansion as "manufactured outrage" from "unhinged leftists and their Fake News allies." It says the space will be a "bold" and "necessary" addition to keep the "executive residence as a beacon of American excellence." ... What People Are Saying The White House, in a statement on October 21: "In the latest instance of manufactured outrage, unhinged leftists and their Fake News allies are clutching their pearls over President Donald J. Trump’s visionary addition of a grand, privately funded ballroom to the White House — a bold, necessary addition that echoes the storied history of improvements and additions from commanders-in-chief to keep the executive residence as a beacon of American excellence." President Donald Trump wrote on Truth Social on December 6: "Caitlin Collins of Fake News CNN, always Stupid and Nasty, asked me why the new Ballroom was costing more money than originally thought one year ago.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/woman-films-rockettes-in-nyc-then-she-notices-something-truly-special-11187027
Article: A woman filming the Radio City Rockettes dance company in New York City was enjoying their outdoor performance when suddenly she realized she was watching far more special than she expected. As an activist, Mesher has given public speeches about her disability, noting on her website that "she loves connecting with her limb different community, and meeting friends with differences alike." Mesher joined the Rockettes in 2019, becoming the first member of the dance company with a visible disability. The Rockettes have become a symbol of New York itself, and for many Americans, especially during the holidays, seeing the Rockettes perform is part of the ritual of seeing New York City. 'I am so proud' In an email to Newsweek, Mesher said she spotted the video shortly after it was posted, and she was touched and surprised by the outpouring of support. I am so proud that people were not only seeing me as a disabled woman, but also were acknowledging my dancing abilities." Mesher added that being a part of the Rockettes "means more to me than I can really put into words." "Being part of the Rockettes organization is an honor on its own, but having the opportunity to represent people with visible disabilities on a stage that iconic feels incredibly meaningful," she said. "Especially this year, as it is the 100th anniversary of the Radio City Rockettes, it is so impactful to be representing different communities on the Radio City Music Hall stage.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/entertainment/celebrity-news/meghan-markles-new-tabloid-war-heats-up-11185987
Article: had his leg amputated at a hospital in the Philippines last week following a 14 inch blood clot and necrosis in his foot that doctors said would have threatened his life had they not operated. On Wednesday, Meghan's spokesperson confirmed a letter from the duchess has now been delivered to him at his hospital bed in Cebu and the aide also took a swipe at the newspaper at the same time. Meghan and the Mail's New War of Words A spokesperson for the duchess said in a statement to Newsweek and others: "Given that a Daily Mail reporter has remained at her father’s bedside throughout, broadcasting each interaction and breaching clear ethical boundaries, it has been exceedingly difficult for the duchess to contact her father privately, despite her efforts over the past several days. "With the support of reliable and trusted contacts, her correspondence is now safely in his hands." A spokesperson for DMG Media, publisher of the Mail, clapped back in a statement to Newsweek: "When Thomas Markle was taken ill in the Philippines he contacted Caroline Graham and asked her to travel from LA to be with him. "As soon as Mr Markle gave consent for his contact details, the name of his hospital and his room number to be provided to his daughter’s spokesman, Caroline shared them. "It is entirely untrue that each interaction has been broadcast, and the suggestion that Caroline has breached ethical boundaries is demonstrably false and vehemently denied." Meghan's History With the Mail This is not Meghan's first letter to her father. In fact, she found the process so harrowing that Harry blamed the court case for a miscarriage she experienced in July 2020, though medical experts say there is no proven link between lost pregnancies and stress. These harmful practices don't happen once in a blue moon—they are a daily fail that divide us, and we all deserve better." The Impact on Meghan's Reputation Private emails and text messages sent by Meghan were at one point handed to the Court of Appeal and showed Meghan had intentionally phrased her letter so that it would play well with the public in the event it was leaked. "Obviously everything I've drafted is with the understanding that it could be leaked so I have been meticulous in my word choice but please do let me know if anything stands out to you as a liability," she told Kensington Palace aide Jason Knauf. "Given I’ve only ever called him daddy it may make sense to open as such (despite him being less than paternal), and in the unfortunate event that it leaked it would pull at the heartstrings." "Honestly Jason, I feel fantastic, cathartic and real and honest and factual," she added after writing the letter. "If he leaks it then that's on his conscience but at least the world will know the truth, words I could never voice publicly." Meghan's Attitude to Communicating With Her Father In a witness statement to the Court of Appeal, Meghan described fearing that Thomas Markle's communications were being monitored by journalists in the lead up to her 2018 wedding, although he had not yet developed a relationship with the Mail. Do you have a question about King Charles III and Queen Camilla, Prince William and Princess Kate, Meghan and Harry, or their family that you would like our experienced royal correspondents to answer?

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/mlb/blue-jays-get-bo-bichette-red-sox-update-amid-rumors-insider-11186759
Article: However, CBS Sports Julian McWilliams revealed that the Red Sox are not looking at Bichette anymore, "unless his market changes." This is both good news and bad news for the Blue Jays.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/trump-a-plus-review-economy-clashes-with-americans-perceptions-11186280
Article: President Donald Trump on Tuesday credited himself with overcoming the economic "disaster" left by his predecessor and gave his economy an “A+++++” rating, but the experiences of most Americans paint a far gloomier picture of financial conditions in 2025. During a campaign-style event at a casino in Pennsylvania, while standing under a banner reading “LOWER PRICES BIGGER PAYCHECKS,” Trump said his administration was bringing costs down “rapidly” following “the highest inflation in history,” and once again declared concerns about affordability to be a “hoax” manufactured by his opponents. Why It Matters Prices have continued to rise since Trump took office in January, and weaknesses within the labor market have weighed on Americans’ perceptions of the economy this year. While the administration has taken steps it believes will lessen Americans’ economic burden, such as rolling back certain food tariffs and fuel-efficiency standards, Democrats have seized on the affordability issue, and some Republican voices have expressed unease about how the economy could impact their midterm success. What To Know During his rally on Tuesday, said to be the first in a series of affordability-focused appearances across America's swing states, Trump said Democrats “blew up our economy,” but that it was now prospering like never before thanks to tariffs and the "unleashing" of American energy. Some 76 percent of Americans in a mid-November Fox News poll said the economy was either "not so good" or "poor," and three times as many believe they have been hurt by Trump’s economic policies as helped by them. A New York Federal Reserve survey of American households in November found that expectations of their current and future financial situations deteriorated further, though inflation expectations remained steady, and perceptions of employment conditions improved modestly compared to October. And the Conference Board’s latest survey revealed that consumer confidence fell to its lowest level since April in November, as assessments of both the business and labor markets sank, and the Expectations Index dropped further below the threshold that signals an upcoming recession. economy was performing “poorly, in part because of Trump’s policies on tariffs and immigration, but not disastrously, in part because of the AI investment boom.” “His claim that 'prices are coming down tremendously' is obviously untrue,” Portes told Newsweek. “Prices are rising by about 3 percent a year, and that rate has accelerated slightly in the last year.” But the White House continues to maintain that Trump is making “substantial progress” in addressing cost-of-living issues, citing lower gas prices, declining mortgage rates and moderate growth in real wages. And you're getting much higher wages.” The White House, in a press release on Tuesday: “The Trump Administration’s whole-of-government effort will continue driving prices down, boosting take-home pay, and strengthening the economy so all Americans can feel relief.” Senator Bernie Sanders told CNN on Tuesday: “If this is an A+++++ economy, God help us if we ever get to a B or a C.” Moody’s Chief Economist Mark Zandi wrote on LinkedIn: “Many Americans are deeply unhappy with their financial situation, and with good reason. Addressing the affordability squeeze will be challenging, but revisiting tariffs and immigration policy could help.” What Happens Next Tuesday’s rally in Pennsylvania kicked off a series of campaign-style events aimed at promoting Trump’s economic agenda to voters ahead of next year's midterm elections, according to Reuters and Axios.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/dad-looks-after-son-doorbell-captures-moment-nearly-die-11186277
Article: Loredie Olivo, 29, had been away for just three hours while working her shift as a preschool practitioner, a job she said is conveniently "just an eight-minute walk or one-minute drive" from their home in Cambridge. She captioned it: "When you go to work for 3 hrs and you ask your husband to have your son and he tells you they nearly die so you check the ring doorbell." The ground, still slippery from the rain, sends Bradley sideways as he steps onto the muddy bank. Are you OK?’ I also asked what he had been thinking, walking on that side when the grass was wet and quite muddy." Mason said: "Watch, mommy, we nearly fell down." "I couldn’t help but laugh as well," Loredie added. "He then told me that I should be proud of him for not letting go of our son, even though, in the video, it appeared as if Mason might have hurt himself," Loredie said.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/nation-world/sophie-kinsella-confessions-of-a-shopaholic-author-dead/507-f33108ca-bd82-4201-9778-f9c37e96cc63
Article: “We can’t imagine what life will be like without her radiance and love of life.” Kinsella, who also published under her real name, Madeleine Wickham, announced in April 2024 that she had been diagnosed in late 2022 with glioblastoma, an aggressive form of brain cancer. “I did not share this before because I wanted to make sure that my children were able to hear and process the news in privacy and adapt to our ’new normal,'" she said at the time. I wasn’t the child walking around saying, ‘I’m going to write a novel one day.’” Kinsella enrolled at Oxford University to study music but switched to the politics, philosophy and economics program after one year. Kinsella told The Associated Press in an interview that the letters were "one of the most fun bits of writing.” There was also a love story with a handsome businessman whom Becky met while on assignment. Kinsella also wrote “The Undomestic Goddess”, “Remember Me?” and “Twenties Girl.” A young adult novel, “Finding Audrey,” was released in 2015, followed by the children’s book series “My Mummy Fairy and Me.” Her novel “Can You Keep a Secret?” was adapted into a film starring Alexandra Daddario and Tyler Hoechlin in 2019.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/sports/soccer/world-cup/world-cup-dallas-hotel-price-hike/287-0c9f7568-b9af-4fd4-89a1-9433cd470387
Article: Contributing factors to that are obviously ticket sales, which are climbing on the resale market, but also the prices for lodging, whether fans choose to rent an Airbnb or book a hotel. According to Airbnb, the average nightly rate for a home during the World Cup is expected to be about $300, with the average host earning roughly $4,000 over the course of the tournament. An analysis conducted by The Athletic showed that the average per-night rate of 96 hotels in 16 host cities was $1,013, compared to $293 for the same hotels 21 days earlier, a 328% increase. The Athletic reviewed six hotels per host city, where they took data for the cheapest available rooms from randomly selected business or tourist hotels on the Marriot Bonvoy and Hilton Honors apps. Hotels across the United States, Canada and Mexico have hiked prices for rooms by hundreds of dollars per night during the FIFA World Cup in 2026, with an analysis by The Athletic revealing an average increase of more than 300 per cent around opening matches in the 16 host… pic.twitter.com/LV1953LocH — The Athletic | Football (@TheAthleticFC) December 10, 2025 According to the Dallas Sports Commission, DFW will see more than 100,000 visitors per day during the tournament.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/nation-world/mitt-romney-sister-in-law-cause-of-death-carrie-romney/507-c38e3986-6086-4889-b7f1-d3d0a195f12a
Article: “Our family is heartbroken by the loss of Carrie, who brought warmth and love to all our lives,” the Romney family said in a statement to People at the time of her death.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/football/articles/cn81y63wn27o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: We're not in the same room and we never know which way they're going to go." The plan both sides have in place has to be constantly tweaked - after all ITV might well pick one of the matches the BBC had their eyes on, and vice versa.

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/12/10/nx-s1-5639788/sophie-kinsella-dead-confessions-of-a-shopaholic
Article: Her death was announced on Instagram on Wednesday: "Despite her illness, which she bore with unimaginable courage, Sophie counted herself truly blessed — to have such wonderful family and friends, and to have had the extraordinary success of her writing career.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/economy/watch-live-powell-holds-news-briefing-after-fed-decision-on-interest-rates
Article: Powell’s term as chair ends in May and President Donald Trump will nominate a replacement, possibly as soon as this month, who will almost certainly push for lower borrowing costs. WASHINGTON (AP) — The Federal Reserve will almost certainly reduce its key interest rate Wednesday, but the bigger question for financial markets and the economy is what signals Chair Jerome Powell may send regarding the central bank’s next steps. In addition to a likely rate cut, the Fed could signal that the bar for another reduction when they next meet in late January will be higher than it has been this fall. “They would love to take a pass (in January), push it off to March, and just wait for a couple of more inflation reports to come in,” Tom Porcelli, chief economist at Wells Fargo, said. READ MORE: More people crowdfunded for basic needs like food and housing in 2025, GoFundMe reports The Fed’s 19-member rate-setting committee is deeply divided between those who support reducing rates to bolster hiring and those who’d prefer to keep rates unchanged because inflation remains above the central bank’s 2% target. The government said last week in a delayed report that the Fed’s preferred inflation gauge remained elevated in September, with both overall and core prices rising 2.8% from a year earlier. job openings stayed level at just below 7.7 million in October By contrast, if they show hiring has stabilized while inflation remains elevated, they may hold off on additional cuts for several months. On Wednesday, the Fed will also issue their quarterly set of economic projections, which include forecasts for where they will set rates at the end of this year and next. The math doesn’t add up In an interview with Politico published Tuesday, Trump said “yes” when asked if reducing rates “immediately” was a litmus test for his new Fed chair. In an interview Tuesday on CNBC, when asked how many more rate cuts he would support, Hassett did not give a specific answer and said, “What you need to do is watch the data.”

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/politics/listen-live-supreme-court-considers-alabamas-appeal-to-execute-man-with-an-intellectual-disability
Article: WASHINGTON (AP) — The Supreme Court will hear arguments Wednesday in a case that could make it harder for convicted murderers to show their lives should be spared because they are intellectually disabled. The issue in Smith’s case is what happens when a person has multiple IQ scores that are slightly above 70, which has been widely accepted as a marker of intellectual disability. The Supreme Court has held in cases in 2014 and 2017 that states should consider other evidence of disability in borderline cases because of the margin of error in IQ tests. Alabama Attorney General Steve Marshall said Smith hasn’t met his burden of showing an IQ of 70 or below, and the state wrote in its brief that the discussion of a holistic approach is an unjustified expansion of the Supreme Court rulings. LISTEN: Supreme Court appears to back Republican appeal to end limits on party spending in federal elections “He has multiple scores in the 70s,” Marshall said in a phone interview. Slaughter, seems likely to back Trump’s power to fire independent agency board members Rights groups focused on disabilities wrote in a brief supporting Smith that “intellectual disability diagnoses based solely on IQ test scores are faulty and invalid.” Smith was convicted and sentenced to death for the beating death of Durk Van Dam in Mobile County. A federal judge in 2021 vacated Smith’s death sentence, though she acknowledged “this is a close case.” Alabama law defines intellectual disability as an IQ of 70 or below, along with significant or substantial deficits in adaptive behavior and the onset of those issues before the age of 18.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/world/daughter-of-venezuelas-machado-accepts-nobel-peace-prize-in-her-mothers-absence
Article: OSLO, Norway (AP) — Venezuelan opposition leader María Corina Machado’s daughter accepted the Nobel Peace Prize in Norway on her mother’s behalf Wednesday, and said in a speech written by Machado that Venezuela shows the world “we must be willing to fight for freedom.” Machado has been in hiding and hasn’t been seen in public since Jan. Jørgen Watne Frydnes, chair of the Norwegian Nobel committee, told the award ceremony that “María Corina Machado has done everything in her power to be able to attend the ceremony here today — a journey in a situation of extreme danger.” “Although she will not be able to reach this ceremony and today’s events, we are profoundly happy to confirm that she is safe, and that she will be with us here in Oslo,” he said to applause. “That is why we all know, and I know, that she will be back in Venezuela very soon.” Machado said in an audio recording of a phone call published on the Nobel website that many people had “risked their lives” for her to arrive in Oslo. “I am very grateful to them, and this is a measure of what this recognition means to the Venezuelan people,” she said, before indicating that she was about to board a plane. And as soon as I arrive, I will be able to embrace all my family and my children that I’ve have not seen for two years and so many Venezuelans, Norwegians that I know that share our struggle and our fight.” Show of solidarity Prominent Latin American figures attended Wednesday in a signal of solidarity with Machado, including Argentine President Javier Milei, Ecuadorian President Daniel Noboa, Panamanian President José Raúl Mulino and Paraguayan President Santiago Peña. Watne Frydnes said that “Venezuela has evolved into a brutal authoritarian state,” and he described Machado as “one of the most extraordinary examples of civilian courage in recent Latin American history.” READ MORE: Former lawmaker Maria Corina Machado dominates opposition’s presidential primary in Venezuela Machado won an opposition primary election and intended to challenge President Nicolás Maduro in last year’s presidential election, but the government barred her from running for office. ‘Fight for freedom’ “More than anything, what we Venezuelans can offer the world is the lesson forged through this long and difficult journey — that to have democracy, we must be willing to fight for freedom,” Sosa said as she delivered the lecture written for the occasion by her mother. Past winners unable to attend Five past Nobel Peace Prize laureates were detained or imprisoned at the time of the award, according to the prize’s official website, most recently Iranian activist Narges Mohammadi in 2023 and Belarusian human rights advocate Ales Bialiatski in 2022. Gustavo Tovar-Arroyo, a Venezuelan human rights activist who was forced to flee into exile in 2012, said that Machado’s supporters “did the best for her to be here as she deserves. But we knew the risk.” He added that they are “disappointed that she cannot be in the ceremony, but this is part of what we do when we fight against a dictatorship, a tyranny or a criminal regime.

Link: https://www.nytimes.com/2025/12/08/world/middleeast/israel-jerusalem-unrwa-police-raid.html
Article: Israeli authorities raided a vacant compound of a United Nations agency in East Jerusalem on Monday, seizing property there and prompting accusations from the agency chief that Israel was violating its legal obligations as a U.N. The operation by Jerusalem municipal officials and Israeli police targeted a site that has been controlled by the United Nations Relief and Works Agency for Palestine Refugees, known as UNRWA.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/record-flooding-pacific-northwest-storms-atmospheric-river/story?id=128273281
Article: Record flooding possible in Pacific Northwest as storms continue in Midwest, Northeast An atmospheric river brings rain and flooding to the Pacific Northwest, in Fall City, Washington, December 9, 2025. In the last two days, 2 to 4 inches of rain fell at lower elevations and 4 to 10 inches was recorded at higher elevations across western Washington and Oregon. A storm that dumped snow in Minneapolis and Green Bay, Wisconsin, on Tuesday will move through the Great Lakes and the Northeast on Wednesday, bringing snow to higher elevations and rain to lower elevations.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Health/wireStory/happened-canadian-teen-critically-ill-h5n1-bird-flu-116653081
Article: Andy Watson, director of communications for the Office of the Provincial Health Officer in British Columbia, said in an email to MedPage Today that the office does not provide patient status updates due to privacy. The office "won't be providing any updates on the status of the teenaged patient or this now complete investigation unless there is a need from a public health perspective to do so," Watson said in the email. During a press briefing 2 weeks ago, Provincial Health Officer for British Columbia Bonnie Henry, MD, MPH, said the teenager remained in critical care at BC Children's Hospital in Vancouver. While the individual was stable, they were "still very sick." "Our thoughts remain with them and their family and we remain hopeful as they have made some progress in the last few days that they will recover from this very severe infection," Henry said during the briefing. "It may be that as we get older, we have some exposure to different influenza viruses, particularly with the N1 component, that might give us some protection from severe illness," she said. A pet dog had been sick at the time of the patient's onset of illness, but a thorough investigation of the dog turned up no evidence of H5N1 infection, Henry said. Genetic testing showed the patient was infected with the same H5N1 strain seen in wild birds in British Columbia -- clade 2.3.4.4b, genotype D1.1 -- and that it most closely matched that of wild birds found in the Fraser Valley area in October.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/10/nvidia-report-china-deepseek-ai-blackwell-chips.html
Article: "We haven't seen any substantiation or received tips of 'phantom datacenters' constructed to deceive us and our OEM partners, then deconstructed, smuggled, and reconstructed somewhere else," a Nvidia spokesperson said in a statement.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/10/bulgarian-court-rejects-lebanons-extradition-request-over-beirut-blast?traffic_source=rss
Article: A Bulgarian court has rejected Lebanon’s request to extradite Igor Grechushkin, a Russian-Cypriot shipowner wanted in connection with the 2020 Beirut port explosion, a hammer blow for the city that came during the first months of the coronavirus pandemic and amid a deepening economic crisis. Ekaterina Dimitrova, Grechushkin’s lawyer, told reporters that the Sofia City Court ruled Lebanon had not provided “sufficient evidence to ensure that the death penalty will not be imposed on him or, if imposed, will not be carried out”. Advertisement Authorities in Lebanon say the explosion was triggered by a fire in a port warehouse where nearly 3,000 tonnes of ammonium nitrate had been stored for years without proper safeguards, despite repeated warnings to officials.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/red-sox-pursuing-trade-for-116m-star-after-kyle-schwarber-whiff-report-11187109
Article: The Boston Red Sox were reportedly interested in adding Kyle Schwarber to the roster, but they seemingly didn't make an official offer to the star as he re-signed with the Philadelphia Phillies. "The Red Sox’ wide search for major offensive upgrades at the Winter Meetings has sent them to the trade market, where they have explored possible deals for at least four different All-Stars, according to a league source," Healey wrote. "They have discussed second baseman Ketel Marte with the Diamondbacks, shortstop Corey Seager with the Rangers, third baseman Isaac Paredes with the Astros, and infielder/outfielder Brendan Donovan with the Cardinals, a source said." Marte might be the top position player on the trade block this season.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/mlb/blue-jays-eye-pitching-help-3-outfielders-could-reportedly-be-traded-11187085
Article: But sweeping changes could still be coming to the rest of the roster, as the Blue Jays are reportedly heavily involved in the sweepstakes for top free agents Bo Bichette and Kyle Tucker. Another area for improvement that the Blue Jays surely won't overlook is the bullpen, considering three late solo home runs cost the Blue Jays that Game 7 against the Dodgers. On Wednesday, Ken Rosenthal and Will Sammon of The Athletic reported that the Blue Jays were considering trading an outfielder to land an impact reliever, and that Nathan Lukes, Myles Straw, and Joey Loperfido were the main candidates to watch in such a swap. "One way for the Blue Jays to add a reliever is by trading one of their lesser outfielders, an option they are considering, according to people briefed on their plans," wrote Rosenthal and Sammon. "Nathan Lukes, Myles Straw and Joey Loperfido all would be possibilities to move, along with a few others." "Lukes projects to be the Jays’ starting left fielder unless they sign Kyle Tucker. Bo Bichette and Louis Varland both said during the postseason that Straw was the most important player in the clubhouse." Of the three options, Lukes would be the toughest for Blue Jays fans to say goodbye to, which may also mean he's the best piece to trade if Toronto is serious about landing an impact name. Meanwhile, it would be a surprise to see a team covet Straw just one offseason after he was salary-dumped by the Cleveland Guardians, but he's always been a good defender and showed some signs of life against left-handed pitchers this year.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/property-taxes-pennsylvania-11185486
Article: Why It Matters Between 2019 and 2024, property taxes surged by 30 percent nationwide, according to the Institute on Taxation and Economic Policy, as values for all properties ballooned due to a surge in demand and a lack of supply. Some of these counties, including Dauphin, York and Lancaster, may soon face a property tax increase as local authorities say hikes are needed to deal with inflation and rising costs, including that for health insurance. But the highest property tax hike is being considered in Pittsburgh, where City Councilor Barbara Warwick said that increasing the tax by 30 percent next year is the only way to close the budget’s gap. What People Are Saying Kyle Kopko, executive director of the County Commissioners Association of Pennsylvania, said in a statement reported by WGAL8: "Just because of all these different factors coming together at just the right time, I think many counties really see no other alternative." He added: "We’re […] having an older workforce, just generally speaking, not only within government but across the entire Commonwealth. Well, it’s either through cuts, which a lot of people don’t want to do because they still want to have high-quality services from their governments, or it leaves tax increases as the next line of defense." Warwick said in a statement reported by Pittsburgh’s NPR news station 90.5 WESA: "Times are tough for everyone right now, but after 11 years without a tax increase, the city needs additional revenue in order to keep providing the core services that our residents deserve and depend on." She added: "It is our responsibility to fill these budgetary gaps without cutting the things that make Pittsburgh such a special place to live." Pittsburgh Councilor Anthony Coghill said: "I’m not a fan [of the tax hike]. That will make the city less affordable." What Happens Next If implemented, many of the property tax hikes suggested by county authorities in Pennsylvania would come on top of previous increases introduced last year.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/worker-shocked-by-what-colleague-leaves-in-fridge-afraid-to-even-touch-it-11184781
Article: In a post to Reddit via his account u/doodybot on December 8, he shared a photograph from the office refrigerator, which at first appears normal: almond milk, yogurt, a bottle of water. "It's a shame they have to," one user sympathized with whoever had locked up their creamer, while one admitted: "I went the other way, and replaced [my coffee creamer] with a baggie I labelled 'breast milk.'" One user wrote: "When I was pregnant and in office I wrote 'the pregnant owner of this sandwich will cut you if you steal this.' I wasn’t going to waste money on a fridge cage right before maternity leave, but someone was going around just taking bites of people's food and leaving it. Zach told Newsweek that he has noticed the creamer being moved around in the refrigerator, "so I guess the owner unlocked it and used their creamer." He added: "I’m afraid to even touch it. This person is clearly aggravated with the situation!" A 2024 survey from Furniture At Work on 1,000 workers found that 12 percent of people had something stolen from them at work, while 10 percent admitted to stealing from the workplace, whether this be stationery, food or even money. When it comes to the admitted thieves, 17 percent of those admitted to stealing food from the office, with almost one in five admitting to taking something from the communal refrigerator.

Link: https://abc13.com/post/woman-dies-driver-crashes-parked-cars-she-walked-third-ward-hpd-says/18271707/
Article: Woman killed after being thrown under car when man crashes into parked vehicles in Third Ward: HPD A woman has died after a man crashed into a parked cars as she tried to get around them. HOUSTON, Texas (KTRK) -- The Houston Police Department said a man is in custody after allegedly crashing into parked cars and killing a woman who was trying to step around them.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cvg17q98zp4o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Don't let Trump interfere with UK democracy, Davey tells PM 57 minutes ago Share Save Becky Morton Political reporter Share Save Reuters Liberal Democrat leader Sir Ed Davey has urged the prime minister to stand up to Donald Trump, describing the US president's new national security strategy as "deeply alarming". Trump continued to attack European leaders in an interview with Politico on Tuesday, when he branded them "weak" and said they had failed to control migration or take decisive action to end the war in Ukraine. Raising the US strategy during Prime Minister's Questions, Sir Ed told the House of Commons: "Quite apart from the irony of President Trump accusing others of trampling on basic principles of democracy, it repeats far-right tropes of civilisational erasure and threatens that the US government will cultivate resistance in Europe. So will the prime minister pick up the phone and make it clear to President Trump that any attempts to interfere with our democracy are totally unacceptable?" Sir Keir replied: "On the question of Europe and President Trump's comments, what I see is a strong Europe, united behind Ukraine and united behind our longstanding values of freedom and democracy. "And I will always stand up for those values and those freedoms." Sir Ed hit back: "I didn't hear about standing up to President Trump." The PM has sought to build a close relationship with Trump and the government has pointed to a deal on trade as among the positive results of this. House of Commons Sir Ed Davey described the US national security strategy as "deeply alarming" Meanwhile, Downing Street has defended the Labour mayor of London, Sir Sadiq Khan, after he was branded a "disaster" and "incompetent" by Trump. The US president's latest remarks in his long-running feud with the London mayor came during his Politico interview, where he also claimed Sir Sadiq was elected "because so many people have come in". She said the mayor was "doing an excellent job in London", adding: "The prime minister is hugely proud of the mayor of London's record and proud to call him a colleague and a friend." It comes after Downing Street was forced to deny it was failing to stand up for Sir Sadiq on Tuesday, when a No 10 spokesman declined to criticise the president's attack on the mayor. Instead the spokesman had said: "The prime minister has a strong relationship with the US president and a strong relationship with the Mayor of London and on both is committed to working together to deliver stronger outcomes for the British people right across the country."

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/clyz2vyzek9o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Judge rules Epstein grand jury records from 2019 case can be released A federal judge in New York has ruled the US Department of Justice can publicly release grand jury records from Jeffrey Epstein's 2019 sex trafficking case. The latest ruling comes a day after another judge made a similar ruling in the case of Ghislaine Maxwell, who was convicted in 2021 for her role in facilitating Epstein's abuse.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/tennis/articles/c14vek7e4x7o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Announced on Wednesday, the WTA deal will help with the tour's commitment to have equal prize money at events where both men and women feature by 2027 and at non-combined events by 2033. "Our mission statement when we founded the WTA was that any girl born in this world, if she was good enough, would have a place to compete, be respected and make a living playing tennis," King told BBC Sport.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/world/european-leaders-meet-to-discuss-stricter-migration-policies
Article: BRUSSELS (AP) — European leaders will call for a toughening of migration policies on Wednesday in a move critics say bends to pressure from far-right groups and harms basic human rights protections for vulnerable people. In Strasbourg, France, representatives from the Council of Europe — 46 countries from Iceland to Azerbaijan — are expected to debate making deporting migrants easier for signatories to key treaties. “The best way of fighting against the forces of hate and division is to show that mainstream, progressive politics can fix this problem.” Illegal border crossings into the EU were down 22% from January to October this year, according to Frontex, the EU’s border and coast guard agency. The EU has spent billions of euros (dollars) to deter irregular migration, paying countries in Africa and the Middle East to intercept migrants trying to cross the Mediterranean of the Atlantic. At the same time, European nations facing labor shortages and an aging population are in desperate need of more workers and have been investing in programs to attract and train foreign workers. The secretary-general of the Council of Europe, Alain Berset, said ahead of the Strasbourg meeting that the European Convention on Human Rights was “the final safeguard of individual rights and freedoms across our continent.” “The convention’s future and Europe’s direction are inseparable,” he said.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/politics/a-democrat-wins-miami-mayors-race-for-the-first-time-in-nearly-30-years
Article: She campaigned as a proud Democrat despite the race being officially nonpartisan and beat Trump-backed candidate Emilio Gonzalez, a former city manager, who said he called Higgins to congratulate her. MIAMI (AP) — Democrat Eileen Higgins won the Miami mayor’s race on Tuesday, defeating a Republican endorsed by President Donald Trump to end her party’s nearly three-decade losing streak and give Democrats a boost in one of the last electoral battles ahead of the 2026 midterms. The victory provides Democrats with some momentum heading into a high-stakes midterm election when the GOP is looking to keep its grip in Florida, including in a Hispanic-majority district in Miami-Dade County. “Tonight’s result is yet another warning sign to Republicans that voters are fed up with their out-of-touch agenda that is raising costs,” said Ken Martin, the chair of the Democratic National Committee, in a statement. Ruben Gallego and former Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel traveled to Miami on Sunday and Monday to rally voters for the Democrat who served as a Miami-Dade county commissioner for seven years. When she first entered politics in 2018, she chose to present herself to voters as “La Gringa,” a term Spanish speakers use for white Americans, because many people did not known how to pronounce her name. Republicans’ anxiety grows Republicans in Florida have found strong support from voters with heritage from Cuba, Venezuela and Nicaragua, because they likened some members of the Democratic party’s progressive wing with politicians from the governments they fled. However, some local Republicans are growing increasingly frustrated since November’s elections when Democrats scored wins in New Jersey and Virginia, where both winning gubernatorial candidates performed strongly with nonwhite voters. Maria Elvira Salazar, a Republican whose district is being targeted by Democrats and includes the city of Miami, called the elections elsewhere a “wake-up call.” She said Hispanics also want a secure border and a healthy economy but some relief for “those who have been here for years and do not have a criminal record.” “The Hispanic vote is not guaranteed,” Salazar said in a video posted on X last month. “Hispanics married President Trump, but they are only dating the GOP.” READ MORE: More people crowdfunded for basic needs like food and housing in 2025, GoFundMe reports David Jolly, who is running to represent Democrats in the Florida governor’s race next year, said the mayoral election was good news for Democrats in what used to be a battleground state.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/world/aid-deliveries-into-gaza-fail-to-meet-ceasefire-terms-analysis-shows
Article: JERUSALEM (AP) — Aid deliveries into Gaza are falling far short of the amount called for under the U.S.-brokered ceasefire, according to an Associated Press analysis of the Israeli military’s figures. That means COGAT estimates that a total of just over 25,700 trucks of aid have entered Gaza — well under the 33,600 trucks that should have entered by Sunday, under the terms of the ceasefire.’ READ MORE: Hamas wants more pressure on Israel before ceasefire’s next phase Throughout the conflict, the U.N. This week, United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs stressed a “dire” need for more aid to enter Gaza, saying Israeli restrictions on aid have bottlenecked recovery efforts. Food remains scarce in Gaza, aid groups say Humanitarian groups say lack of aid has had harsh effects on many of Gaza’s 2 million residents, most of whom were forcibly displaced by war. “These obstacles include insecurity, customs clearance challenges, delays and denials of cargo at the crossings, and limited routes available for transporting humanitarian supplies within Gaza.” Israel temporarily stopped all aid entry at least once in response to alleged Hamas violations of the truce. Israel said that Hamas has failed to return the bodies of the hostages in the time period established by the ceasefire, while Hamas has said it struggled to find the bodies due to the destruction left by Israel in the Palestinian territory. READ MORE: Qatari prime minister says Gaza ceasefire is at a critical moment as first phase winds down “Once phase one is completed, phase two will begin,” the office said in a statement. Hamas militants and Red Cross crews continued to comb the ruins of Gaza City for the final body this week, while the militant group Islamic Jihad claimed it had handed over the last hostage body in its possession.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/arts/sophie-kinsella-author-of-the-millions-selling-shopaholic-novels-dies-at-55
Article: “We can’t imagine what life will be like without her radiance and love of life.” Kinsella, who also published under her real name, Madeleine Wickham, announced in April 2024 that she had been diagnosed more than a year earlier with glioblastoma, an aggressive form of brain cancer. “I did not share this before because I wanted to make sure that my children were able to hear and process the news in privacy and adapt to our ’new normal,'” she said at the time. I wasn’t the child walking around saying, ‘I’m going to write a novel one day.’” Kinsella enrolled at Oxford University to study music but switched to the politics, philosophy and economics program after one year. ‘Shopaholic’ success An otherwise normal shopping excursion sparked the idea for writing her first “Shopaholic” novel “I remember looking around me and thinking… “We all shop… We talk about it. Kinsella told The Associated Press in an interview that the letters were “one of the most fun bits of writing.” There was also a love story with a handsome businessman whom Becky met while on assignment. “Just because you are interested in frivolous things doesn’t mean that you can’t be bright and have great ideas.” The publishers said yes, and “Shopaholic” was published in 2000 under her pseudonym. Bloomwood’s further adventures followed in books including “Shopaholic Takes Manhattan” and “Shopaholic Ties the Knot” and “Shopaholic & Sister.” Along with “Bridget Jones” author Helen Fielding and others, Kinsella’s work was called “chick lit” by the media. “Just because you are interested in frivolous things doesn’t mean that you can’t be bright and have great ideas and the rest of it.” The first two “Shopaholic” books were adapted into the 2009 film “Confessions of a Shopaholic,” starring Isla Fisher and Hugh Dancy. Kinsella also wrote “The Undomestic Goddess”, “Remember Me?” and “Twenties Girl.” A young adult novel, “Finding Audrey,” was released in 2015, followed by the children’s book series “My Mummy Fairy and Me.” Her novel “Can You Keep a Secret?” was adapted into a film starring Alexandra Daddario and Tyler Hoechlin in 2019.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/10/were-raising-our-ge-vernova-price-target-as-shares-deservedly-hit-all-time-highs.html
Article: "We have a lot of margin expansion into the next decade," Strazik told Jim Cramer in an interview on "Squawk on the Street." He added, "It's a healthy mix of price, volume, and productivity. And that's driving the expanded margins." In addition to margin expansion, Strazik emphasized the company's expectation to grow its total backlog from $135 billion to over $200 billion by the end of fiscal 2028. At the event Tuesday evening, Strazik said, "Our ambition is much greater than our 2028 financials." He pointed to the backlog, saying, "you can then extrapolate that out for how much more growth there is in this business into the 2030s." The marker of natural gas turbines, which are in high demand to provide additional energy to AI data centers, offered some positive updates for fiscal 2025 and set a high bar for 2026. The company also reaffirmed fiscal 2025 adjusted EBITDA margin guidance of 8% to 9%, but issued a big hike in its free cash flow outlook to $3.5 billion to $4 billion from $3 billion to $3.5 billion. In its long-term guidance by fiscal 2028, GE Vernova raised expectations for revenue to $52 billion from the prior guidance of $45 billion; adjusted EBITDA margin to 20% from 14%; and cumulative free cash flow from 2025 to 2028 to $22 billion-plus from the $14 billion. See here for a full list of the stocks.) As a subscriber to the CNBC Investing Club with Jim Cramer, you will receive a trade alert before Jim makes a trade.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/10/this-stock-is-moving-away-from-it-and-into-ai-and-is-breaking-out-how-to-capture-gains-with-options.html
Article: Historically known as a content-delivery (CDN) provider, Akamai has recently repositioned itself as an edge-native cloud and AI compute platform, leveraging its global infrastructure footprint to offer lower-latency, lower-cost inference workloads. Trade timing & outlook AKAM breaking out of its $84 resistance and recent retest as support coincides with outperformance versus the S & P 500, suggesting an attractive risk-to-reward entry at these levels. This entails: Buy to Open the Jan 16, 2026 $85 call @ $3.90 Sell to Open the Jan 16, 2026 $95 call @ $0.60 Max Reward: $670 per contract if AKAM closes above $95 at expiration. All opinions expressed by the CNBC Pro contributors are solely their opinions and do not reflect the opinions of CNBC, NBC UNIVERSAL, their parent company or affiliates, and may have been previously disseminated by them on television, radio, internet or another medium.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/video/newsfeed/2025/12/10/why-the-battle-for-kordofan-could-be-critical-for-sudans-future-2?traffic_source=rss
Article: Why the battle for Kordofan could be critical for Sudan’s future NewsFeed Why the battle for Kordofan could be critical for Sudan’s future Recent fighting and attacks in Sudan’s Kordofan region have shifted the focus to a region which could be crucial to the outcome of the war and the future of Sudan.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/video/al-jazeera-world/2025/12/10/el-palestino-more-than-a-club?traffic_source=rss
Article: Former midfielder Roberto Kettlun reveals how joining Palestino reconnected him with his roots and led him to play for the Palestinian national team and live in Jerusalem, confronting a reality he had heard about only through family stories. From emotional family ties to international controversy, including the famous 2014 kit featuring the map of historic Palestine, the film shows how every Palestino match is an act of representation, a reminder to the world that Palestine is alive.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/features/2025/12/10/one-year-after-the-fall-of-al-assad-a-reporter-returns-to-damascus?traffic_source=rss
Article: ‘May God protect the government’ For years, many Syrians – even in the diaspora – avoided giving their real names or having their photos taken out of fear of repercussions for themselves or loved ones back in Syria. When Moataz’s friend heard he was from Canada, he told him that Syria was good to visit for a week or two, but that it’s better to live in Canada. Syrian shop owners I spoke to in the al-Salhiye and al-Hamadiyeh souqs told me that they no longer feared security forces would raid their shops, but that business had largely still not improved. There, we found tens of thousands of people looking for any sign, whisper or remnant of their loved ones who had been disappeared in the nefarious Syrian prison network built by the Assad regime over decades. In earlier trips around the country, including to Suwayda for a day in February 2025, I found many Syrians from minority backgrounds sceptical of Ahmed al-Sharaa and his new government. At an upscale restaurant in the Abou Roummaneh neighbourhood in Damascus, a lawyer told me he was angered by a conservative French newspaper after it discussed his views on the political situation and called him a “Christian lawyer”. In it, I expressed scepticism over the Western obsession with minority rights when they had so clearly ignored that under al-Assad, and that the only universalism was the ability to be imprisoned, tortured or disappeared. “The concerns of minorities are real and not to be dismissed, but I also hope a focus on a particular minority group does not overshadow or dismiss the wider struggle for universal rights that thousands of Syrians are demanding across sects and regions,” I wrote at that time. “After one year of the fall of the Assad regime as human rights campaigner and a person who worked for so long for many years with survivors of many atrocities inside Syria, I’ve personally witnessed stages and how the regime used aid to starve civilians, worked with chemical weapons survivors, worked with families of the missing.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/politics/justice-department/new-york-judge-orders-release-jeffrey-epstein-grand-jury-records-rcna248393
Article: In his order, Judge Richard Berman cited the law that Congress passed last month that required the DOJ to release all of its records related to Epstein, calling the act's language "clear." "The Court hereby grants the Government's motion in accordance with the Epstein Files Transparency Act and with the unequivocal right of Epstein victims to have their identity and privacy protected," he wrote in the four-page ruling. He explained that he agreed with attorneys for survivors of Epstein, who he said wrote to the court to say that disclosure “CANNOT come at the expense of the privacy, safety, and protection of sexual abuse and sex trafficking victims.” Berman also referenced language from the law that laid out the type of personal material that should be withheld, including survivors’ personal and medical files. He argued at the time that the government had not reached the necessary bar to release the documents and said "the Government has already undertaken a comprehensive investigation into the Epstein case and, not surprisingly, has assembled a ‘trove’ of Epstein documents, interviews and exhibits." “The government’s 100,000 pages of Epstein files and materials dwarf the 70 odd pages of Epstein grand jury materials,” the August ruling said. Berman also said in August that a factor in his decision not to approve the government’s motion was “possible threats to victims’ safety and privacy.” In 2019, Epstein died by suicide in jail, where he was awaiting trial on federal sex trafficking charges. In July, Trump disavowed supporters who pushed for the release of the files, calling them “weaklings.” Shortly before the legislation passed — once it became clear the bill had overwhelming support — the president reversed course and called for Republicans to vote for it.

Link: https://www.today.com/video/trump-touts-economy-as-concerns-grow-over-rising-prices-254115397523
Article: Copied As President Donald Trump continues to face growing dissatisfaction with his handling of the economy, he touted his economic agenda at campaign-style event in Pennsylvania on Tuesday, test-driving a new message to voters ahead of next year’s critical midterms: "You're getting lower prices, bigger paychecks," he said.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/map-flu-rates-us-11186719
Article: What To Know According to the CDC’s outpatient respiratory illness activity map, which is based on data reported to ILINet—which monitors visits for respiratory illness that includes fever plus a cough or sore throat, also referred to as influenza-like illness (ILI)—the states with the most visits in the week ending November 29 were Louisiana, Colorado, and New York, all three of which were classified as having "high" ILI activity levels. Meanwhile, states included in the "minimal" category for visits in the week ending November 29 were Maine, New Hampshire, Vermont, Pennsylvania, Delaware, West Virginia, Virginia, Kentucky, Tennessee, Alabama, Mississippi, Indiana, Illinois, Wisconsin, Minnesota, the Dakotas, Nebraska, Arkansas, Oklahoma, Iowa, Kansas, Wyoming, Montana, Arizona, Utah, Nevada, Alaska, and Washington. The CDC noted in its report that the data represents visits for ILI, not laboratory confirmed influenza and may capture patient visits due to other respiratory pathogens that cause similar symptoms.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/shopper-christmas-wrapping-paper-closer-look-design-11172627
Article: Piper Smythe, 23, is from Springfield, Massachusetts, and says she's noticed a major rise in the use of AI, both online and in real life—especially as the festive season approaches. And on December 4, Smythe took to her Threads account @pipers.jpeg, where she posted to the AI community: "I fear it's reached the wrapping paper now." She shared a photo of a brand-new roll of gift wrapping paper she spotted at a chain store, with blue artwork in a traditional style depicting Santa Claus, plants and candy canes. It was valued at close to $260 billion US dollars in 2025, and it's projected to surge to more than 1,200 billion by 2030, according to estimates from Statista Market Insights. Smythe's post had a big reaction, racking up more than 7,000 likes, as one commenter complained: "It's crazy bc they really could just reprint the same designs they've already been re-printing every year." "Is nothing sacred?!," came another tongue-in-cheek comment, as another described it: "AI is becoming as inescapable as the micro plastics in our blood." Another argued: "I don't even mind the use of AI but if you're going to use it the product should be WAY cheaper." But others didn't see an issue if AI was used, as one wrote sarcastically: "Because all wrapping paper is hand printed and carefully inspected of course," while another pointed out that wrapping paper is something "we buy just to tear up." For Smythe, however, the rise of AI is a sign of something bigger, as she told Newsweek: "So many things are mass-produced now, and seeing a company strip away the final piece of human involvement really discourages me from buying a product. It just feels lazy." She said some people may not want to buy anything created with AI out of principle, but "I think many of the people buying these products may not even realize that they're AI-generated.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nfl/philadelphia-eagles-asking-price-predicted-jalen-hurts-trade-11187656
Article: Jalen Hurts put forth what may very well have been the worst performance of his career during the Philadelphia Eagles' loss to the Los Angeles Chargers on Monday night, and it has led to some wild speculation. Hurts turned the ball over five times — including twice on one play — while failing to log a single touchdown in the Eagles' 22-19 defeat, sparking conjecture that perhaps Philadelphia would be better off rolling with backup quarterback Tanner McKee. Read more: Giants Linked to Bizarre Trade for Browns Coach Kevin Stefanski Of course, the chances of Philly benching Hurts in favor of McKee this season seem slim to none, but the fact that it's even a discussion among some people illustrates just how rough of a time Hurts has been having in 2025. Hurts has become so polarizing, as a matter of fact, that Bleacher Report's Alex Kay even wonders if the Eagles could trade Hurts, specifically if he loses his starting job. "Expect plenty of interest for his services if he's being shopped around, as the QB is under contract through the 2028 season after signing a five-year, $255 million extension ahead of the 2023 campaign." ... Yes, there would certainly be interest in Hurts, who led Philadelphia to a Super Bowl championship last February and has notched to trips to the Super Bowl over the last three years, but how much would rival teams actually be willing to surrender in return for the 27-year-old?

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nfl/eagles-jalen-hurts-malik-willis-signing-tanner-mckee-trade-11184905
Article: It is highly unlikely that the Philadelphia Eagles will consider trading Jalen Hurts over the offseason, but there is a reasonable chance the team will inject some new life into the quarterback room come next March. Mina Kimes and Ben Solak of ESPN discussed the QB situation in Philadelphia just one day after Hurts threw four interceptions in a 22-19 overtime loss to the Los Angeles Chargers, as the defending Super Bowl champion Eagles continue reeling down the stretch. It's whether they trade McKee if they get offers for him." Solak agreed that dealing McKee is a likely outcome in Philadelphia, as the second-best option is to start him over Hurts, which doesn't feel tenable yet -- even with the Eagles on a three-game losing streak and playing in a fashion that calls back to their late-season collapse of 2023 and subsequent early playoff exit. Because [Eagles GM Howie Roseman's] belief in QB2 is less, 'Develop a guy to keep him here in case I need him,' and is more churn and burn." Willis, a third-round pick of the Tennessee Titans in 2022, is currently Jordan Love's backup QB with the Green Bay Packers.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/wrestling/wwe-smackdown-star-teases-end-of-current-persona-11187535
Article: His last match occurred on the November 21 edition of "SmackDown," where he teamed with The Motor City Machine Guns, Rey Fenix, and Shinsuke Nakamura in a losing effort against The MFT faction. More news: Nikki Bella Reunites With Ex-Boyfriend At WWE Raw Roberts pitched a darker, more physically imposing version of Zayn, suggesting he abandon his signature look to signify the change.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/new-rescue-dog-keeps-hiding-under-car-tears-when-woman-realizes-why-11186427
Article: Jaeger and Reilly had experienced a life-changing moment of their own in 2023, during a road trip from California down to Costa Rica, when they decided to stop off in a small fishing village in Mexico. “We also had our senior dog, Timmy, who was truly our entire world.” When they finally returned to the U.S., Jaeger and Reilly were sad to discover Timmy was unwell didn’t have much time left. A 2017 study published in The New England Journal of Medicine details the case of a Texas woman who was admitted to hospital with symptoms matching those of a heart attack. Doctors later determined she had suffered from takotsubo cardiomyopathy, a temporary heart issue brought on by stress that is often referred to as “broken-heart syndrome.” In this instance, it had come about following the death of her beloved senior dog. “The grief was devastating but in that heartbreak, we realized something: it wasn’t our travels that truly made us happy, it was the dogs, they gave us so much purpose,” Jaeger said. We decided to turn our grief into something meaningful, to give other street dogs the same chance we gave Ola.” That was the moment Expedition Ola was born, with Jaeger and Reilly heading off in their van to rescue more street dogs like Ola. Hiding under the truck was the only familiar thing he could cling to.” The footage had viewers on TikTok emotional, with one writing: "I think I am gonna cry." ... When we turned around to admire the sunset, we saw tiny Tio running after us, our hearts just exploded.” That was the moment Tio realized something important: he was safe. “We’ve watched his first tail wag… his first real smile… his first time playing wave tag… his first joyful sprint through the sand dunes.” Jaeger continues to post video updates on Tio and the other dogs in their care in the hope those watching will realize “anyone can make a difference.” “We’re just two humans living out of a truck camper, learning as we go, doing our best to show up with love and compassion,” she said.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nfl/rams-puka-nacua-ignites-locker-room-drama-after-violating-nfl-rules-11184788
Article: More news: Jon Gruden Makes Opinion of Philip Rivers’ Potential NFL Comeback Crystal Clear “Hey, bro, don’t livestream,” an unidentified Rams player asked behind Nacua as he went live to his over 450,000 and growing followers on Instagram. I’m looking at it.” Nacua then got up from his visitor locker at State Farm Stadium and talked to his fans while making light of the situation, even at one point showing the back of one of his teammates while he was still getting dressed.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/ncaa/alabama-crimson-tide-ty-simpson-blunt-reality-check-cfp-11187574
Article: The Alabama Crimson Tide and star quarterback Ty Simpson were able to squeak into the College Football Playoff and are preparing to face off against the Oklahoma Sooners in the first round on December 19.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nfl/colts-make-big-quarterback-move-after-philip-rivers-announcement-11187450
Article: Backup quarterback Riley Leonard, who led Notre Dame to a national title game appearance last season, also suffered a knee injury and could miss Sunday's game against the Seattle Seahawks. Earlier this season backup Anthony Richardson landed on injured reserve after he sustained a fractured orbital bone in a freak accident prior to the Colts' Week 6 win over the Arizona Cardinals. More Football: NFL Reaches Punishment Decision After Jaxson Dart Incident vs Patriots Following Jones' season-ending injury, news broke that the Colts were considering the signing of legendary quarterback Philip Rivers. The quarterback hasn't stepped foot on the NFL field since his retirement after the 2020 season when he threw for 4,169 yards with 24 touchdowns and 11 interceptions while leading the Colts to the playoffs. on injured reserve, signed kicker Blake Grupe and quarterback Brett Rypien to the 53-man roster from the practice squad and signed center Jimmy Morrissey to the practice squad," the team said in a statement.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/jeffrey-epstein-files-released-update-grand-jury-records-11187599
Article: It also comes just one day after a federal judge has granted the Justice Department's request to unseal records from the sex trafficking case involving Ghislaine Maxwell, the longtime associate and girlfriend of Epstein.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/new-map-reveals-democrats-targets-to-win-power-in-2026-midterms-11186940
Article: What To Know The Democratic Legislative Campaign Committee (DLCC) and the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee (DCCC) have pinpointed districts and chambers they aim to flip, defend, or fortify as part of a broader effort to counter Trump’s push for Republican legislative dominance. After the Supreme Court permitted a Republican-drawn map in Texas—despite lower court findings of likely racial gerrymandering—analysts say the new lines could deliver the GOP up to five additional seats. According to DLCC's mapping, critical battleground states for Democrats in both legislative and congressional contests include: Alaska (House and Senate) Arizona (House and Senate—potential for new Democratic trifecta) Michigan (Defend Senate, flip House for Democratic trifecta) Minnesota (Defend Senate, retake House) New Hampshire (Opportunity to flip both chambers, break GOP trifecta) Pennsylvania (Defend and expand the House majority) Wisconsin (Targeting both chambers after past gains) For the U.S. House, the DCCC’s attention is similarly trained on new swing districts—especially in California’s 48th, Florida’s 15th, North Carolina’s 3rd and 11th, and Texas’s 35th congressional districts, according to The Hill . What People Are Saying The DLCC said: "The 2026 midterms are a historic opportunity to fundamentally shift the state legislative balance of power by capturing new majorities, supermajorities, and trifectas, while flipping seats in every chamber on the ballot and breaking GOP supermajorities." DCCC Chair Suzan DelBene said : "The DCCC is confident we can win anywhere, and we are full speed ahead while Republicans are running scared. In particular, it seems they've really focused on Indiana." Regarding California's Proposition 50, City of San Diego Councilmember Marni Von Wilpert said : "With these new lines, CA-48 becomes one of the most competitive races in America, and a must-win seat to flip the House." What Happens Next Court challenges to new maps in both Texas and California remain pending, leaving the ultimate impact of redistricting on the House balance uncertain. The DLCC said: "Majorities in many states could come down to just a few districts and a few votes per precinct and the DLCC’s national strategy to bring attention and resources to this fight will make all the difference."

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/pete-hegseth-reacts-to-legal-win-on-transgender-military-ban-11187004
Article: A federal appeals court’s decision to allow the Pentagon’s restrictions on military service by transgender personnel to remain in effect has garnered a response from Defense Secretary Pete Hegseth, who publicly touted the ruling as a validation of the administration’s approach to military readiness. And THE LAW.” He added that the decision amounted to a “major legal victory” for the Defense Department and argued that maintaining high and uniform medical and readiness standards “ensures a lethal, cohesive, deployable U.S. Why It Matters The appeals court’s decision to allow the ban while litigation continues has immediate and far-reaching implications, affecting not only the status of thousands of active-duty personnel but also offering insight into how courts may treat future challenges to transgender-related policies. Evidence Cited To Support the Policy Those materials included a 2021 Defense Department study—The “AMSARA Study” mentioned in the order—that indicated that up to 40 percent of individuals with a gender dysphoria diagnosis could become nondeployable within two years and a 2025 literature review that concluded that transgender individuals are significantly more likely to receive psychiatric diagnoses and attempt suicide. Reactions and Ongoing Legal Fight Hegseth’s policy—implemented at the direction of the administration’s January 2025 executive order—bars individuals with a diagnosis or history of gender dysphoria from military service, with limited waiver exceptions. District Court Judge Ana Reyes previously found that challengers were likely to succeed on the merits, concluding that the policy appeared rooted in disapproval of transgender identity rather than military necessity. She wrote that the policy rested on “denigration and vitriol” and lacked evidence-based justification, warning that the stay “makes it all but inevitable that thousands of qualified service members will lose careers they have built over decades.” Pillard said the government had supplied “no evidence” showing that the exclusion of transgender service members was tied to military needs. Reyes after she blocked the ban earlier this year: “Since ‘Judge’ Reyes is now a top military planner, she/they can report to Fort Benning at 0600 to instruct our Army Rangers on how to execute High Value Target Raids,” and in a speech declaring the Armed Forces were shedding what he called “wokeness,” said bluntly: “No more pronouns. No more dudes in dresses – we’re done with that s**t.” What Happens Next With the appeals court allowing the transgender ban to move forward, the Pentagon can immediately resume enforcing the policy while the case proceeds through full appellate briefing and argument, a process that could take months and may ultimately reach the Supreme Court.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/us-f-35-carriers-west-pacific-china-threat-11186161
Article: The United States has deployed three naval vessels—including two aircraft carriers—capable of operating F-35 stealth fighter jets—across the Western Pacific this week amid China's rapidly growing sea power and expanding maritime activity in the region. Why It Matters The F-35 is a family of jets that comes in three variants: the A model, which operates from conventional runways; the B model, designed for short takeoffs and vertical landings from ships without full-length flight decks; and the C model, built for aircraft carrier operations. The George Washington is expected to return to its home port in Japan, Yokosuka Naval Base, on Thursday for "rest, replenishment and maintenance," according to a notification from Japan's Ministry of Foreign Affairs to the Yokosuka city government. In the South China Sea, the amphibious assault ship USS Tripoli, designed to project power from sea to shore, arrived in Da Nang, Vietnam, with the cruiser USS Robert Smalls on Monday for a visit marking the 30th anniversary of U.S.-Vietnam relations. Knapper said: "The visit by USS Tripoli and USS Robert Smalls coming as we close out celebrations to mark 30 years of bilateral relations is proof that the U.S.-Vietnam partnership has never been better…It is so heartening to see the warm welcome U.S. service members have received here in Da Nang, a city that holds a special place in the history of our bilateral relations and recently faced challenges following multiple typhoons." ...

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/little-girl-finds-moms-high-school-pics-what-says-humbled-11187208
Article: "We met in college, and I don’t think he’d ever seen them." Feeling well and truly humbled, the matter was made worse by the fact that Sadie had just had a baby. A third commented, "It’s the shaky laugh before she had to deliver the blow." "I worked in a pre k with 4 year old they were full of compliments," one said. I heard it all the time." One user joked that it was a "low blow." "Tons of people—mostly women—sharing their stories of out of pocket and hilarious things that their kids have said to them," Sadie said of the reaction.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/blue-jays-get-massive-update-in-427-million-kyle-tucker-sweepstakes-11187264
Article: The Toronto Blue Jays, New York Yankees, and Los Angeles Dodgers are seemingly the top three teams in the Kyle Tucker sweepstakes, considering he's projected to sign a massive $427 million contract, per Jim Bowden of The Athletic. But Ken Rosenthal and Katie Woo of The Athletic reported on Wednesday that the Dodgers might be unwilling to offer Tucker a six- or seven-year deal, instead opting for a three- or four-year deal with a much higher average annual value. "The club, however, would entertain a shorter three-to-four-year deal with a high annual average value, similar to what Alex Bregman landed last spring when he signed a three-year, $120 million contract with the Boston Red Sox." This is a huge update for the Blue Jays, who have been seen as the favorites for Tucker alongside the Dodgers.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/map-states-highest-home-foreclosure-rates-11185491
Article: Foreclosure rates continue rising across the country as American homeowners appear to be struggling with higher costs and growing economic uncertainty, according to the latest data shared by ATTOM, a leading curator of land, property, and real estate data. consumer debt is currently at an all-time high, having increased by $197 billion to reach $18.5 trillion in the third quarter of the year, according to the Federal Reserve Bank of New York's latest report. While mortgage delinquencies stayed flat at 3 percent in September, the latest data made available by Cotality, rising foreclosure rates suggest American borrowers are struggling to keep up with their mortgage payments. The five states with the worst foreclosure rates were: Delaware: 1 in every 1,924; South Carolina: 1 in every 1,973; Nevada: 1 in every 2,373; New Jersey 1 in every 2,511; Florida: 1 in every 2,565. What People Are Saying Rob Barber, CEO at ATTOM, said in the report: "November marks the ninth straight month of year-over-year increases in foreclosure activity, underscoring a trend that has steadily taken shape throughout 2025." He added: "Foreclosure starts were up 17 percent from last year and completed foreclosures rose 26 percent. The data suggests the market is still normalizing as some homeowners contend with higher housing costs and shifting economic pressures." Hannah Jones, senior economic research analyst at Realtor.com, said in a report: "Foreclosure pressure is felt hardest in states or counties with tight budgets and lower household financial resilience. New Jersey may be more sensitive to economic headwinds, especially in areas where buyers purchased their home at higher rates." Molly Boesel, senior principal economist at Cotality, said in a statement: "The national delinquency rate has remained relatively stable over the past year and quarter. Even so, delinquencies remain low by historical standards, at just a quarter of the peak levels experienced during the Great Financial Crisis." She added: "However, we’re seeing signs of stress beneath the surface and some indication that borrowers who fall behind are struggling to catch up, progressing into later stages of delinquency. This is particularly evident at the metro level, where the share of areas with rising overall delinquencies declined from 70 percent in September 2024 to 48 percent in September 2025.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/worker-border-agents-fried-chicken-11186959
Article: The incident occurred at Brother’s Food Mart, where assistant manager Wayne Davis said he saw two unmarked vehicles pull into the parking lot and several individuals step out wearing Border Patrol vests, according to WWLT. DHS Secretary Kristi Noem has said the operation aims to remove "the worst of the worst from New Orleans," criticizing what she described as insufficient cooperation from the city’s leadership with federal immigration enforcement efforts. What To Know Davis told WWLT he was assisting a customer at the counter when he noticed the agents approaching and immediately walked to the entrance to secure the door. Border Patrol Chief Gregory Bovino, who has been leading enforcement operations in cities across the country, was also seen in the footage standing outside the locked door during the exchange. Louisiana state law makes it illegal to interfere with federal immigration activity, but legal experts say private businesses generally may refuse entry to non-customers and that ICE typically needs a judicial warrant to enter nonpublic areas. What People Are Saying In response to the incident, a spokesperson for the Department of Homeland Security told Newsweek: "As these people wake up to the media's lies and smears and see the murders, rapists, and domestic abusers our brave law enforcement are removing from their community to make it safer, we hope they will thank law enforcement for what they are doing." Attorney Michael Gahagan told WWLT: "It's their properties, their private property, forbidding you from coming in is not the same as preventing [agents] from doing their job." What Happens Next Immigration enforcement operations will continue as part of the federal initiative, with ICE and Border Patrol maintaining an increased presence in the region.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/in-n-out-burger-quietly-remove-option-ordering-system-11186376
Article: The origins of “6-7” have been widely debated online, but the phrase has been linked to a Skrilla track “Doot Doot” that is frequently used in edits and jokes, including videos tied to NBA player LaMelo Ball’s height (6’7”). The song features the now famous lyrics: “6-7, I just bipped right on the highway (bip, bip).” Reports of 6-7 Ban According to People, an employee at a Los Angeles-area location said the number was removed about a month ago and added that In-N-Out also bans “69” from appearing in its ticket system. In a viral video reposted across X, TikTok and Reddit, an employee appears to tell a customer: “We have taken 67 out of our system, so whenever we’re taking orders, it goes 66 to 68—because of people like you.” While the company has not broadly announced the change, the move reflects how viral micro-trends can spill offline—turning ordinary service moments into flashpoints for disruption. In-N-Out employee says they have removed order number “67” completely from their system 👀pic.twitter.com/rrlCuFQdF7 — No Jumper (@nojumper) December 7, 2025 Internet Reacts As news of In-N-Out removing the 67 order number spread online, people shared their reactions on Reddit and X.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/newsweek-new-noteworthy-products-you-need-to-try-dec-10-2025-11176068
Article: Made with real milk chocolate and coated in vibrant blue and white candy shells, M&M'S Milk Chocolate Christmas candies add a festive touch to candy dishes, stockings and gifts, bringing holiday joy to every bite! With 28 cooking presets and smart features like guided prompts, an interior light and a temperature probe, it makes air frying, baking, roasting and dehydrating effortless for any home cook.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/bonnie-blues-publicist-update-indonesia-arrest-11186571
Article: Bonnie Blue is set to appear in court this week after her publicist issued a new update on her detention in Indonesia, saying she has been questioned daily and denied access to her phone. According to local reports, she had been involved in a sex game with a group of Australian and British tourists, an incident that could have breached the country’s strict morality and pornography laws. On Wednesday, her publicist told Newsweek that Blue has been arrested and that immigration officials have "multiple charges that they’re investigating her on," adding that she is due to make a court appearance this week. A spokesperson for the police force told Indonesian news outlet Kumparan News: "When they were raided, they were making collab content about a game where the winner would sleep with Bonnie Blue. She claims to hold the title of most sexual partners within 12 hours—1,057 and faced intense public scrutiny for her planned stunt, dubbed the "petting zoo," which she planned to stage in central London. What To Know Local media say police confiscated several items during the Bali raid, including video production equipment, a blue pickup truck referred to as the “BangBus,” and multiple packets of condoms. 44 of 2008, the creation, distribution or involvement in pornographic material can result in long prison terms of up to 15 years and fines reaching roughly 6 billion rupiah (around $359,477). What People Are Saying Indonesian immigration expert Philo Dellano told News.com.au that, while prosecution remains possible, it is more likely that Blue will be deported and prohibited from returning to Indonesia.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/local/fort-worth-major-fire-apartment-complex-officials/287-5e6dde16-4c2a-40a6-8e89-7761b8467e9d
Article: Example video title will go here for this video Next up in 5 Example video title will go here for this video Next up in 5 To stream WFAA on your phone, you need the WFAA app.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/world/separatist-group-in-yemen-threatens-to-rekindle-civil-war
Article: DOHA, Qatar (AP) — A separatist group has seized control of an oil-rich region in southern Yemen, shattering a relative calm in the country’s stalemated civil war — a significant move in a country located along a key international trade route that also threatens to bring new risks to the Persian Gulf region. The new fighting pits the STC against the forces of the internationally recognized government and its allied tribes, even as they are both members of the camp fighting against the Houthi rebels in the country’s broader civil war. Secessionists advance this month Earlier this month, STC forces marched to Hadramout and took control of the province’s major facilities, including PetroMasila, Yemen’s largest oil company, after brief clashes with government forces and their tribal allies. This took place after the Saudi-backed Hadramout Tribal Alliance seized the PetroMasila oil facility in late November to pressure the government to agree to its demands for a bigger share of oil revenues and the improvement of services for Hadramout’s residents. A fragile situation has been shattered The escalation shattered the relative quiet in Yemen’s war, which has been stalemated in recent years after the Houthis reached a deal with Saudi Arabia that stopped their attacks on the kingdom in return for ceasing the Saudi-led strikes on their territories. “The UAE seems to be the main winner, expanding its influence in the Yemeni crisis.” The United Arab Emirates, meanwhile, insisted that its approach was in line with Saudi Arabia’s goal of “supporting a political process” to settle the multi-layer conflict in Yemen.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/politics/judge-says-justice-department-can-unseal-records-from-epsteins-2019-sex-trafficking-case
Article: Berman reversed his earlier decision to keep the material under wraps, citing a new law that requires the government to open its files on Epstein and his longtime confidant Ghislaine Maxwell. NEW YORK (AP) — Secret grand jury transcripts from Jeffrey Epstein’s 2019 sex trafficking case can be made public, a judge ruled Wednesday, joining two other judges in granting the Justice Department’s requests to unseal material from investigations into the late financier’s sexual abuse. The Justice Department asked the judges to lift secrecy orders after the Epstein Files Transparency Act, passed by Congress and signed into law by President Donald Trump last month, created a narrow exception to rules that normally keep grand jury proceedings confidential. READ MORE: Most Americans want the Epstein files released, poll finds Lawyers for Epstein’s estate told Berman last week that the estate took no position on the Justice Department’s unsealing request. Questions about the government’s Epstein files have dominated the first year of Trump’s second term, with pressure on the Republican intensifying after he reneged on a campaign promise to release the files. Berman was matter of fact in his ruling Wednesday, writing that the transparency law “unequivocally intends to make public Epstein grand jury materials and discovery materials” that had previously been covered by secrecy orders. In court filings, the Justice Department informed Berman that the only witness to testify before the Epstein grand jury was an FBI agent who, the judge noted, “had no direct knowledge of the facts of the case and whose testimony was mostly hearsay.” The agent testified over two days, on June 18, 2019, and July 2, 2019.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/politics/watch-live-senate-meets-ahead-of-dueling-health-care-proposal-votes
Article: At the same time, Democratic Leader Chuck Schumer called the Republican plan “phony” and said the bill is “dead on arrival.” Both the Republican plan, which would replace the subsidies with new savings accounts, and a Democratic bill to extend the enhanced Affordable Care Act tax credits for three years lack the bipartisan support needed for passage. WASHINGTON (AP) — The Senate is heading toward dueling partisan votes on health care this week after Republicans said Tuesday that they had united around a plan, for now, that would allow COVID-era health care subsidies to expire. With Republicans and Democrats unable to agree — or even really negotiate with each other — millions of people could see increases in their premium payments when the tax credits expire in January. Both sides blame the other for the increasingly likely failure of Congress to act, bringing the issue into the midterm election year with political talking points but little in the way of compromise on the subsidies that have helped keep costs down for many of the more than 24 million Americans. Tentative GOP unity after years of disagreement The Republican unity around a single plan, in the Senate at least, comes as the party has wrangled for more than a decade over how to replace former President Barack Obama’s signature law, also known as Obamacare. Mike Crapo, the chairman of the Senate Finance Committee, emerged this week from many different proposals from Republican senators, including some that would have extended the tax credits with new limits. Josh Hawley, who had his own bill to reduce taxes on health care, said the consensus bill “isn’t perfect, but I’m willing to give it a go.” “I just think that Republicans can’t do nothing,” Hawley said after the meeting. “I think we ought to be doing everything we can to try and get down the cost of health care.” READ MORE: 4 tips for navigating higher ACA health care premiums Thune said there will now be “something out there that Republicans will be able to talk about and support and vote for, and then we’ll see.” There was less consensus in the House, where moderate Republicans who are up for reelection have been pushing Speaker Mike Johnson, R-La., to extend the subsidies with new reforms while the right flank of the party has demanded deeper reforms to the ACA. The legislation would then make payments to the new health savings accounts for the next two years, for enrollees making less than 700% of the federal poverty level who pick lower-cost, higher-deductible bronze or catastrophic health insurance plans. Cassidy and Crapo say their bill provides better support to Americans than the expiring subsidies do because it hands money directly to the people, giving them the power to decide how to spend or save it — a message President Donald Trump has echoed in recent weeks. Republicans say the plan could also cut down on fraud in the health care system, pointing to a Government Accountability Office report that found some fake recipients were able to get coverage. The bill also includes new language limiting the use of Affordable Care Act money for abortion — a dealbreaker for moderate Democrats who say they would have been willing to negotiate on the issue. Ron Wyden, the top Democrat on the Senate Finance Committee, said the GOP proposal “leaves middle-class Americans saddled with sky-high premiums, and Big Insurance makes out like bandits by selling junk plans to families that desperately need health coverage.” “Instead of working with Democrats to stop this health cost crisis, Republicans are selling snake oil,” Wyden said.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/politics/judge-orders-trump-to-end-national-guard-troop-deployment-in-los-angeles
Article: District Judge Charles Breyer in San Francisco granted a preliminary injunction sought by California officials who opposed President Donald Trump’s extraordinary move to use state Guard troops without the governor’s approval to further his immigration enforcement efforts. The Republican administration extended the deployment until February while also trying to use California Guard members in Portland, Oregon as part of its effort to send the military into Democratic-run cities over the objections of mayors and governors. The troops were stationed outside a federal detention center in downtown Los Angeles where protesters gathered and later sent on the streets to protect immigration officers as they made arrests. READ MORE: California bans face coverings for most law enforcement officers during operations The administration said courts could not second-guess the president’s decision that violence during the protests made it impossible for him to execute U.S.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/3rd-judge-grants-doj-motion-unseal-grand-jury/story?id=128280059
Article: The federal judge who presided over the 2019 criminal case against convicted sex-offender Jeffrey Epstein has became the third judge to grant a Justice Department motion to unseal grand jury materials and other undisclosed evidence from the government's investigative files. District Judge Richard Berman of the Southern District of New York issued a four-page order Tuesday that determined that Congress -- in passing the Epstein Files Transparency Act last month -- clearly indicated that the materials from his criminal case should be publicly disclosed and that traditional rules of grand jury secrecy were overridden by the act. This is the third -- and final -- ruling on the Justice Department's motions to lift restrictions on materials related to criminal investigations and prosecutions of Epstein and his convicted co-conspirator, Ghislaine Maxwell. New York State Sex Offender Registry via AP, File Judge Rodney Smith granted a similar request from the Justice Department for records associated with the first federal investigation of Epstein in Florida in the mid-2000s. Berman, who presided over Epstein's 2019 arraignment in New York and ordered him detained pending trial, stressed the need to protect the privacy and safety of alleged victims if and when the records from the case are publicly disclosed by the DOJ. "The Court hereby grants the Government's motion in accordance with the Epstein Files Transparency Act and with the unequivocal right of Epstein victims to have their identify and privacy protected," Berman wrote.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/powerball-jackpot-surges-930-million-wednesday-night-drawing/story?id=128276737
Article: Juliana Yamada/Los Angeles Times via Getty Images The Powerball jackpot last rolled Monday night, when no ticket matched the white ball numbers -- 8, 32, 52, 56, 64 -- and red Powerball 23.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/10/why-a-fed-rate-cut-could-boost-private-equity-dealmaking-after-ipo-logjam.html
Article: Investors are firmly focused on the Fed's rate-setting Federal Open Market Committee, which is predicted to lower borrowing costs by a quarter percentage point at its latest meeting on Wednesday, bringing the benchmark rate to between 3.5% and 3.75%. Michael Bruun, global co-head of private equity at Goldman Sachs Alternatives, said a lower overall cost of capital is one of several factors — along with the reduction of credit spreads, lower volatility, and a stabilization of valuation — which are shaping a better outlook for private equity. A third straight cut from the Fed would reinforce the downward trend in financing costs, potentially enabling greater use of leverage among private equity shops and strengthening the nascent pick-up in dealmaking in both corporate M & A and public market exits. If you look at global M & A right now, we are up almost 40% year-to-date," Bruun told CNBC's "Squawk Box Europe" on Wednesday, pointing to an acceleration in the second half as volatility has receded. The end of zero interest rates in 2022 brought IPOs and M & A activity — a key exit strategy for the private equity sector — to an abrupt halt . "We have to accept that the overall balance between public and private markets has shifted over the past few years, and there's a lot more opportunities to stay private for longer," Bruun said, adding that equity markets have become much more selective around public debuts. Companies with large intrinsic value, companies that are strategic in their sectors, are still receiving a lot of interest, and as rates come down, we see an opening of the IPO market," he added. He continued: "We remain constructive on the IPO market as an exit route, but we think it will represent a smaller portion of the overall exit formation versus a decade ago." Broad-based opportunities Bruun said that corporates were driving an increasingly larger share of private equity exits, where companies are becoming "very deliberate" in their dealmaking, shedding non-core assets which open attractive carve-out opportunities for private equity companies, while also pursuing larger, strategic transactions. He said there was a "very large backlog of unharvested assets", including in Europe, where there is $1 trillion of assets with a lifetime of more than six years, "all of which needs to get transacted over the coming quarters." That pipeline, he said, supports "a benign outlook in terms of deal formation... We think that that backlog is really starting to move." A more constructive exit environment could help further unlock distributions for private equity limited partners — and another Fed rate cut could ultimately provide an added sweetener for this improved backdrop. Many of these areas, he added, are "in flux right now and where there is good value to be made." Regarding AI, he said there were opportunities beyond large language models, such as AI implementation among corporates.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/10/zelenskyy-warns-russia-china-stepping-up-military-industrial-cooperation?traffic_source=rss
Article: Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy has said that China is moving to “intensify cooperation” with Russia, particularly in the military-industrial sphere, amid deepening ties between the strategic partners since Moscow launched its full-scale invasion of its neighbour. In comments on social media on Wednesday, Zelenskyy said a report from the head of Kyiv’s foreign intelligence had noted the dependence of the Russian state on “Chinese investment, technologies, and political priorities”. The Ukrainian leader said that Kyiv’s partner intelligence services had also noted the moves by Beijing and Moscow to ramp up their cooperation in the military-industrial sector, adding he had instructed Ukraine’s foreign intelligence service to monitor the cooperation “more substantively” for how it related to Ukraine’s and its Western allies’ interests. The report also observed a growing trend of the “de-sovereignisation of parts of Russian territory” in Beijing’s favour – primarily through the use of resource-rich land, and the sale of precious resources to China, he said. It has claimed neutrality in the conflict, maintaining a low profile amid international efforts to negotiate peace, despite calls for it to use its influence over Moscow – which relies heavily on China to blunt the impact of Western sanctions – to help bring an end to the conflict. Advertisement In September, the Chinese and Russian leaders outlined their vision of a new, multilateral international order at the Shanghai Cooperation Organisation (SCO) summit, while last month, Chinese President Xi Jinping pledged to expand investment and deepen economic relations between the countries in a meeting with Russian Prime Minister Mikhail Mishustin, describing the enhanced ties as a “shared strategic choice”. ‘Coalition of willing’ to meet Zelenskyy’s warning came as he said Ukrainian officials ​​were expected to hand US negotiators their latest proposals to end the war shortly, amid US President Donald Trump’s push for a settlement. Zelenskyy is due to discuss the status of those negotiations in a video call on Thursday with the leaders of about 30 of Ukraine’s allies, members of the so-called “coalition of the willing” led by France and the United Kingdom. Ukraine’s European allies are backing Zelenskyy’s effort to ensure that any deal to end the war is fair and deters future Russian aggression in Europe, amid concerns that Trump’s push for a swift settlement will result in an outcome heavily weighted in the Kremlin’s favour. Responding to comments from Trump that suggested the Ukrainian president was using the war as an excuse not to hold an election, Zelenskyy also said the country would be ready to hold a vote within three months if its partners guaranteed security during wartime, and provided its electoral law could be altered. “To hold elections, two issues must be addressed: primarily, security – how to conduct them, how to do it under strikes, under missile attacks; and a question regarding our military – how they would vote,” Zelenskyy said. In a Russia-controlled part of Ukraine’s southern Kherson region, three people were killed and two wounded by Ukrainian shelling of a hospital, a Russia-installed governor, Vladimir Saldo, said on Telegram. Advertisement Elsewhere, Russian drones hit the gas transport system in Ukraine’s southern Odesa region, Deputy Energy Minister Mykola Kolisnyk said, while heavy fighting was continuing to rage in Pokrovsk, in the eastern Donbas region, where Ukraine’s military said it was fending off a Russian mechanised assault.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/economy/2025/12/10/trumps-12bn-aid-package-are-tariffs-bleeding-us-farmers?traffic_source=rss
Article: US President Donald Trump has announced a $12bn aid package for farmers, offering financial assistance to a core part of his political base that has been hit hard by falling crop prices and the impact of his trade policies. Unveiling the plan at the White House in Washington, DC alongside Agriculture Secretary Brooke Rollins and several farmers on Monday, Trump said: “Maximising domestic farm production is a big part of how we will make America affordable again and bring down grocery prices.” Rollins said the Farmer Bridge Assistance programme’s initial phase would provide $11bn for row crop farmers – those who cultivate crops such as corn, soya beans and cotton in rows. It also comes after China curbed its purchases of US soya beans in retaliation for steep US trade tariffs, which have also caused the cost of fertiliser and other agricultural products to soar. In October, following a meeting with Chinese President Xi Jinping in South Korea, Trump said Beijing had committed to buying 12 million metric tons of US soya beans by the end of this year, and 25 million metric tons annually for the next three years. On November 7, he asked the Department of Justice to investigate foreign-owned meatpackers in the US, which he claims are driving up costs, though he has provided no supporting evidence for this. Compared to last year’s Thanksgiving Day, potatoes this year on the November US holiday were up by 3.7 percent, bread rolls 3.9 percent and apples 5.3 percent – all outpacing the 3 percent annual inflation rate, government data shows. Earlier this year, Cornell University in Ithaca, New York, estimated that in the first half of this year, the number of farm bankruptcies was 60 percent higher than a year before. Libby Schneider, deputy executive director of the Democratic National Committee, said Trump’s aid package does not go far enough: “Farmers don’t want handouts – they want their markets back,” she said in a statement.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/features/2025/12/10/could-ukraine-hold-a-presidential-election-right-now-as-trump-demands?traffic_source=rss
Article: “They talk about a democracy, but it gets to a point where it’s not a democracy any more,” Trump told Politico, referring to the presidency of Zelenskyy who was elected in April 2019 with more than 70 percent of the vote, but whose five-year term would, under normal circumstances, have expired in 2024. Last month, Trump unveiled a 28-point peace plan for Ukraine with short and vague clauses which offer few security guarantees for Kyiv and are widely seen as a Moscow wish list. “Trump doesn’t care what’s going to happen to Ukraine and Ukrainians, what’s more important to him is that the war is settled somehow, and he can show his leadership and response to Ukraine and to Europeans,” Romanenko said. He added that he would ask his Public Servant party, which dominates the Verkhovna Rada, Ukraine’s lower house of parliament, to draft a law to allow voting during martial law. An election would likely be a logistical nightmare as millions of Ukrainians have been displaced or fled to Europe or other nations where embassies and consulates would not be able to handle the volume of voters. Two years after the full-scale invasion, Russia held a presidential election – even though hostilities were raging in four partly-occupied Ukrainian regions, which Moscow declared part of its territory in September 2022.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/science/science-news/early-human-fire-evolution-rcna247493
Article: “This is a 400,000-year-old site where we have the earliest evidence of making fire, not just in Britain or Europe, but in fact anywhere else in the world,” said Nick Ashton, one of the study’s authors and a curator at the British Museum. “We know that around this time period, brain size was increasing towards its present levels,” said Chris Stringer, the research leader on human evolution at the Natural History Museum London and another author of the Nature study. And indeed, you know, allow the evolution of a bigger brain.” Stringer said the finding does not represent the start of humans’ ability to make fire, just the earliest example that researchers feel confident about. On the surface, this is a very compelling case that groups knew how to make fire,” said Dennis Sandgathe, a senior lecturer in the archeology department at Simon Fraser University in Canada, who was not involved in the research. In this new Nature study, the researchers point to the presence of sediments that contain fire residue, the presence of stone tools like fire-cracked flint hand axes and two small fragments of iron pyrite that geologic analysis suggests is extremely rare and was likely brought to the site by humans to make fire. In an email, Wil Roebroeks, a professor emeritus of paleolithic archaeology at Leiden University in the Netherlands, wrote that much of the evidence here is “circumstantial.” Roebrokes noted that later Neanderthal sites, dated to around 50,000 years ago, featured flint tools that showed traces of wear that indicated they’d been struck by pyrite to make sparks — a “smoking gun” of human fire production. “The authors did an excellent job with their analysis of the Barnham data, but they seem to be stretching the evidence with their claim that this constitutes the ‘Earliest evidence of fire making,’” Roebroeks wrote. “We have to be careful that we don’t take any one example of something … and just project that as an indication that from this point on, everybody is making fire,” Sandgathe said, adding that he had reviewed studies of nearly 100 modern hunter-gatherer groups whose ways of life were documented in detail by observers.

Link: https://abc7.com/post/justice-department-can-unseal-records-epsteins-2019-sex-trafficking-case-judge-says/18271976/
Article: Justice Department can unseal records from Epstein's 2019 sex trafficking case, judge says Secret grand jury transcripts from Jeffrey Epstein's 2019 sex trafficking case can be made public, a judge ruled Wednesday, joining two other judges in granting the Justice Department's requests to unseal material from investigations into the late financier's sexual abuse. Berman reversed his earlier decision to keep the material under wraps, citing a new law that requires the government to open its files on Epstein and his longtime confidant Ghislaine Maxwell. The Justice Department asked the judges to lift secrecy orders after the Epstein Files Transparency Act, passed by Congress and signed into law by President Donald Trump last month, created a narrow exception to rules that normally keep grand jury proceedings confidential. Questions about the government's Epstein files have dominated the first year of Trump's second term, with pressure on the Republican intensifying after he reneged on a campaign promise to release the files. Berman was matter of fact in his ruling Wednesday, writing that the transparency law "unequivocally intends to make public Epstein grand jury materials and discovery materials" that had previously been covered by secrecy orders. In court filings, the Justice Department informed Berman that the only witness to testify before the Epstein grand jury was an FBI agent who, the judge noted, "had no direct knowledge of the facts of the case and whose testimony was mostly hearsay." The agent testified over two days, on June 18, 2019, and July 2, 2019.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cjwy9n786n0o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Iceland becomes fifth country to boycott Eurovision Iceland had previously indicated it intended to skip the 2026 contest, but wanted to wait until the issue could be discussed by its board of directors on Wednesday. "Participation of Israeli national broadcaster, Kan, in the contest has created disunity among both members of the European Broadcasting Union (EBU) and the general public," Icelandic broadcaster RÚV said in a statement. That meeting came hours before the deadline for countries to confirm whether they will join what's supposed to be a celebratory 70th anniversary edition of the song contest in Austria next May. However, its presence has been an increasing source of tension, because of the war in Gaza and concerns over the voting and campaigning processes, including accusations that Israel's government tried to influence the public vote at this year's event. A new raft of measures to protect the integrity of the vote was approved at an EBU summit last week, after which most countries confirmed they would travel to Vienna for the 2026 contest.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cwyv57geklko?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: King supports persecuted Christians in Advent service 27 minutes ago Share Save Sean Coughlan Royal correspondent, Westminster Abbey Share Save PA Media King Charles attended a candle-lit service with guests from many faiths King Charles remembered the plight of Christians facing persecution around the world, as he attended an atmospheric, candle-lit Advent service at Westminster Abbey. The service, with a strong Orthodox Christian influence, along with Anglican and Catholic prayers, warned against religious discrimination, with a message from the King supporting those "in areas where it is not easy to live out one's faith". PA Media King Charles spoke to Cardinal Timothy Radcliffe, who gave the sermon The service, conducted by the Dean of Westminster, the Very Reverend Dr David Hoyle, brought together a range of representatives of Christian denominations, including the Most Reverend Hosam Naoum, the Anglican Archbishop of Jerusalem and the Middle East. The sermon was given by Cardinal Timothy Radcliffe, a senior Catholic clergyman, who spoke of the importance of rejecting intolerance and and the "massive persecution of Christians in so many places". He remembered the death of a bishop in Algeria, Pierre Claverie, who had been killed by Islamist extremists in 1996, and who was later mourned by both Christians and Muslims. The congregation also heard the testimony of Ribqa Nevash, who spoke of the pressure on Christians in present-day Pakistan, saying churches had been burned and Christians had faced discrimination because of their religion.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c33mp5rem05o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Leon to close stores and cut jobs in restructure 23 minutes ago Share Save Rachel Clun Business reporter Share Save Getty Images Leon has announced it will close several of its restaurants and cut jobs as part of a major restructure of the High Street food chain. The company employs about 1,000 staff and Leon has not said how many workers will be affected but added it would try to find jobs in the stores that remain open in the first instance.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/american-football/articles/cy84vg56pq0o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: After spending the first 16 years of his NFL career with the Chargers franchise, Rivers joined the Colts in 2020 and led them to an 11-5 record, falling at the first hurdle in the play-offs. The Colts, who were this season's pacesetters before losing their past three games to slip to 8-5, have promoted Brett Rypien from their practice squad to their active roster, making the 29-year-old eligible for Sunday's game at the Seattle Seahawks. Rivers' eldest child is the same age as Colts rookie Leonard, 23, and leading up to this year's draft - when he was a sixth-round pick by Indianapolis - Leonard worked with Rivers as the veteran lives in his hometown of Fairhope, Alabama.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/science/un-says-world-must-jointly-tackle-issues-of-climate-change-pollution-biodiversity-and-land-loss
Article: The most comprehensive global environment assessment ever undertaken calls for a new approach to jointly tackle the most pressing environmental issues including climate change and biodiversity loss that threaten over 1 million plant and animal species with extinction. “You can’t think of climate change without thinking of biodiversity, land degradation and pollution,” said Bob Watson, one of the lead authors and a former top NASA and British climate scientist. “You can’t think of biodiversity loss without thinking about the implications of climate change and pollution.” “You can’t think of climate change without thinking of biodiversity, land degradation and pollution.” They’re “all undermining our economy,” worsening health and poverty and threatening food and water security and even national security, Watson said. “It has to be done rapidly now because we’re running out of time.” Global tipping point The report lays out a dire future if the world continues on its current path. Emissions of heat-trapping greenhouse gases — primarily from burning fossil fuels such as coal, gas and oil — reached a new high in 2024, despite decades of negotiations between countries to curb emissions. Ten years ago, almost 200 nations signed the Paris Agreement with the goal of limiting future warming to no more than 1.5 degrees Celsius (2.7 degrees Fahrenheit) since preindustrial times to avoid or lessen the most catastrophic effects of climate change. What’s more, climate change is a threat multiplier, meaning that it makes things like land degradation, deforestation and biodiversity loss worse, said Katharine Hayhoe, a climate scientist at Texas Tech University and chief scientist at the Nature Conservancy, who wasn’t involved in the report.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/nation/north-carolinas-governor-scraps-medicaid-rate-cuts-amid-legal-challenges-and-republican-opposition
Article: Dev Sangvai announced Wednesday the state agency would restore reimbursement rates for doctors, hospitals and other medical providers of Medicaid services that otherwise generally had been cut by 3% to 10% starting Oct. Josh Stein is canceling Medicaid reimbursement rate reductions he initiated two months ago, a decision that protects short-term access to care for vulnerable patients while a political fight with Republican legislators to enact additional funding is resolved. The first-year governor had said the reductions, while painful for Medicaid patients and providers, were unavoidable because a stopgap spending measure the legislature approved in the summer fell $319 million short of what was needed to address population changes and rising health care costs. The governor was pushed to relent as Medicaid consumers such as children with autism and providers like adult care homes have successfully sued the health department so far and blocked certain rate reductions. As part of the reversal, Sangvai said, the providers will receive retroactively reimbursements for the difference between the reduced and full rates for claims that were filed after the reductions took effect. The Medicaid shortfall continues, however, an offshoot of GOP leaders being unable to pass a conventional two-year budget — largely over differences about additional income tax reductions and teacher pay. But senators also wanted legislation to allocate previously received federal money to help build a standalone children’s hospital in Wake County by two university medical schools and for rural health investments.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/nation/trumps-push-for-mass-deportation-hits-child-care-workers-who-are-already-facing-shortages
Article: WASHINGTON (AP) — Not long after President Donald Trump took office in January, staff at CentroNía bilingual preschool began rehearsing what to do if Immigration and Customs Enforcement officials came to the door. As ICE became a regular presence in their historically Latino neighborhood this summer, teachers stopped taking children to nearby parks, libraries and playgrounds that had once been considered an extension of the classroom. She got out of the car and ran into the preschool, McLaughlin said, emphasizing the teacher was “arrested in the vestibule, not in the school.” The man who had been driving went inside the preschool, where officials arrested him. The proportion of immigrants in some places, particularly large cities, is much higher: In the District of Columbia, California and New York, around 40% of the child care workforce is foreign-born, according to UC Berkeley’s Center for the Study of Child Care Employment. Those from Latin America help satisfy the growing demand for Spanish-language preschools, such as CentroNía, where some parents enroll their kids to give them a head start learning another language. Fear is affecting even those in the US legally At CentroNía, one staff member was detained by ICE while walking down the street and held for several hours, all the while unable to contact colleagues to let them know where she was. When the city sent mental health consultants to the school earlier this year as part of a partnership with the Department of Behavioral Health, school leadership had them work with teachers rather than students, worried their anguish would spill over to the classroom. In the ensuing commotion, the school went into lockdown: Children were pulled off the playground, and teachers played loud music and had children sing along to drown out the yelling.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/politics/ice-arrests-of-afghans-are-on-the-rise-following-d-c-national-guard-attack-immigration-lawyers-say
Article: Coming just days after the shooting of two National Guard troops by an Afghan national suspect, federal authorities have carried out increased arrests of Afghans in the U.S., immigration lawyers say as Afghans both in and outside the country have come under intense scrutiny by immigration officials. “His wife was trying to hold back tears, but I could see her in the rearview mirror silently crying.” They had fled Afghanistan under threat by the Taliban because the wife’s father had assisted the U.S. In Sacramento, home to one of the nation’s largest Afghan communities, volunteers monitoring ICE activities say they witnessed at least nine arrests at the federal building last week after Afghan men received calls to check in there. Tricia McLaughlin, a spokesperson for the Department of Homeland, said in an email that the agency “has been going full throttle on identifying and arresting known or suspected terrorists and criminal illegal aliens that came in through Biden’s fraudulent parole programs and working to get the criminals and public safety threats OUT of our country.” Rahmanullah Lakanwal, the 29-year-old Afghan suspect in the shooting, was granted asylum earlier this year, according to advocate group #AfghanEvac. “A lot of these people kept our troops safe and served side by side with our soldiers for two decades in Afghanistan.” Cuffed after reporting to ICE In Sacramento, Afghan men arrived one by one to the ICE office Dec. 1 after being asked to immediately report there, drawing the attention of volunteers who have been at the federal building for more than six months to monitor ICE activities and alert immigrants. “What will happen to our futures?” Iqbal Wafa, an Afghan immigration consultant in Sacramento, said officials told his client when he went to his appointment last week that interviews for Afghans are canceled, and he observed interviews for other Afghan immigrants were canceled as well inside the federal building in Sacramento. He said the pause on his green card application process has “created a lot of challenges” and for many Afghans like him their “spirit is down.” A family left crying Garcia said she listened through the wall of the waiting room at the ICE office and heard agents handcuff the father of the family she was helping.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/10/fed-risks-pushing-10-year-yield-to-danger-zone-for-stocks-if-powell-co-are-too-hawkish-today.html
Article: Treasury yield could could rise if the Federal Reserve comes off too hawkish at Wednesday's policy meeting — and that could be bad news for stock investors, according to Piper Sandler. Michael Kantrowitz, the firm's chief investment strategist, said Chair Jerome Powell taking a less dovish stance could push the yield toward 4.25%, which he called a "line in the sand." Data shows that's the level when the S & P 500 since 2023 has started producing median negative weekly returns. "While no level is ever exact, the past three years show that moves above ~4.25% tend to coincide with weaker equity returns and a doubling in realized equity volatility." Here's how the S & P 500 moves in a median week depending on the 10-year yield's level when it's on the rise: Kantrowitz's data comes as investors gear up for what they're expecting to be a "hawkish cut" from the Fed.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/10/jim-cramer-says-buy-nvidia-if-you-dont-own-it-and-consider-these-2-stocks-too.html
Article: See here for a full list of the stocks.) As a subscriber to the CNBC Investing Club with Jim Cramer, you will receive a trade alert before Jim makes a trade.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/video/newsfeed/2025/12/10/are-israel-hamas-entering-the-second-phase-of-gaza-ceasefire?traffic_source=rss
Article: The Gaza ceasefire agreement is preparing to enter phase two, even as the first phase fell short of its promises; with Israel limiting aid deliveries and continuing to kill hundreds of Palestinians in strikes across the Strip.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/oreo-launching-two-new-products-usvery-first-time-11187765
Article: A statement from Oreo, quoted by Just Food, reads: “Oreo Zero Sugar presents a valuable opportunity for an iconic brand to truly disrupt the category, as well as expand the Oreo portfolio by providing more choices for consumers.” The statement continues: “This innovation also reflects Mondelez International’s broader commitment to choice, offering options that cater to a wider range of lifestyles and dietary preferences.” Oreo Zero Sugar cookies are already available in China and Europe and the company cited its experience in these markets, as well as a recent trial run in the U.S., that convinced it to launch the product nationwide from next month. The no-sugar Oreos are the culmination of four years of development, with the aim being to create a sugar-free Oreos variant that tastes as close to the original recipe as possible. Zero sugar products have proven a key driver for companies like Coca-Cola, whose third quarter results exceeded Wall Street expectations thanks, in part, to the demand for zero sugar drinks.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/australia-banned-social-media-kids-experts-parents-must-know-11184809
Article: The eSafety commissioner has said such platforms must show they have taken "reasonable steps" to prevent minors from opening accounts, or they could face fines of up to $49.5 million. We know that, for teens, maintaining friendships is a key contributor to happiness and well-being and are deeply saddened that young Aussies can no longer connect with their nearest and dearest via Snapchat," a spokesperson for Snapchat told Newsweek. According to Hoskinson, bans often push teens into less-regulated digital spaces: "Instead of protecting them, a ban like this could actually make things riskier." 'Without Education and Platform Accountability, Little Will Change' Media professor Andrew Selepak described the policy as short-sighted, arguing that regulating young people instead of the platforms themselves cannot meaningfully improve safety. "Banning young people under the age of 16 from using social media to address the issue of the effects of social media on young people is like putting a Band-Aid on a gunshot wound. Ethical tech advocate Olivia DeRamus, founder of Communia, a social-media platform for women, told Newsweek that, while online safety is nuanced, governments sometimes need to take "dramatic deplatforming action" when major social-media companies fail to prioritize children’s safety. While it's likely under-16s will find ways around the ban, we only see Big Tech platforms making safety improvements when under immense pressure from governments, so it's possible it will ultimately cause platforms like Meta to make critical changes, despite loopholes," DeRamus said. Aliah Singh, a K-12 school counselor and co-founder of CultivaTeen Roots, an online platform that supports parents and caregivers of tweens and teens, told Newsweek that, while the ban may have some benefits, adolescents could find a way around it. National digital parenting expert Abby Brody told Newsweek: "The main risk is that families may feel falsely reassured by a policy that is far easier to announce than to implement.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/fifas-sportswashing-peace-prize-opinion-11188232
Article: The global soccer federation had no transparent process for the award, which appears to be cravenly created for Trump, who was disappointed in October when Venezuelan opposition leader María Corina Machado was awarded the Nobel Prize instead of him. According to a post on Infantino’s Instagram, the FIFA Peace Prize aims to “recognise exceptional actions for peace and unity.” Human Rights Watch has written to Gianni Infantino to request details of the Peace Prize’s nominees, judges, terms of reference and selection process. By concocting this award, Infantino risks turning the 2026 FIFA World Cup to be held in the U.S., Canada and Mexico into yet another sportswashing event in a world that already has far too many. Outside the limelight, the authorities evicted hundreds of thousands of residents to make way for Olympic venues, detained journalists and set up designated “protest zones” but prohibited anyone from protesting there. Both the Sochi 2014 Winter Olympics and the 2018 FIFA World Cup were vehicles for President Vladimir Putin to project Russian prestige, while wielding a staggering crackdown on civil society and LGBTQ rights. The Qatar 2022 World Cup led to preventable deaths of thousands of migrant workers who built stadiums and infrastructure worth $220 billion to elevate Qatar’s status on the world stage. FIFA’s own human rights committee concluded the soccer body had “a responsibility” to financially compensate families of those who were harmed or died building World Cup infrastructure in Qatar, but FIFA has paid no compensation to those families. Human Rights Watch has documented how the Trump administration arrested and summarily deported noncitizens, including people who had a lawful right to apply for asylum and have their claims heard. A new report by Human Rights Watch documented the arrest and return of an asylum seeker who took his children to the Club World Cup soccer tournament final, was detained, separated from his children and deported. Trump policies on refugees, crackdowns on free speech, maritime strikes that amount to extrajudicial killings and deportations of asylum seekers are at odds with any credible “peace prize.” Gianni Infantino and his FIFA colleagues should use their leverage to demand that the Trump administration do what’s right for the games: roll back discriminatory travel bans, refrain from abusive immigration enforcement operations in and around World Cup venues, protect children’s rights and commit to uphold freedom of assembly and speech.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/ncaa/lane-kiffin-lsu-linked-to-4000-yard-qb-in-massive-transfer-portal-move-11187965
Article: Lane Kiffin has caused quite a stir already at LSU in only his first week as the Tigers’ new head coach, and he might already be making moves to secure his star quarterback for the 2026 season. Head coach and mentor Kenny Dillingham has already wished his former protege luck in his future endeavors, as he is set to be one of the top candidates transferring this offseason. More news: Future First-Round QB Fuels Transfer Portal Buzz After Skipping Team Gala LSU recently announced that Garrett Nussmeier will not play in their Bowl game, and the university is already hot on the trail to find its next starting QB heading into the new year.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/dunkins-limited-time-offer-dog-lovers-11186054
Article: Dunkin’ is teaming up once again with its partner BARK—a U.S.-based dog toy and treat company—to launch a limited-edition holiday collection of dog toys, to help raise money for the Joy in Childhood Foundation. Essential reading: Conventional Wisdom: National Security Edition What To Know Dunkin’ and BARK—which started their charitable partnership five years ago—are releasing two limited-edition dog toys that have been designed to resemble two popular ‘Dunkin' menu items: The Cold Brew and the Chocolate Frosted Donut. These toys are available to buy from participating Dunkin' locations and online, while stocks last: Dunkin’ Cold Brew Toy: This is a stuffed, plush dog toy that represents Dunkin’s cold brew drink, complete with a ‘whip-n-flip’ straw. According to the official press release, each toy is available with a $16 donation to the Joy in Childhood Foundation, which was set up to “bring joy to children battling illness or hunger.” All donations will fund the Joy in Childhood Foundation's initiatives, one of which is Dogs for Joy, which puts highly trained facility dogs into children's hospitals across America. Dunkin’ announced in September that the Dunkin’ Joy in Childhood Foundation had supported 50 facility dogs in 33 hospitals, and since the beginning of the partnership in 2020, Dunkin' and BARK have raised over $10 million for the Joy in Childhood Foundation through the sale of these limited-edition, Dunkin’-themed dog toys. What People Are Saying Director of the Joy in Childhood Foundation Mollie Collum, previously said: “With each toy, we’re spreading joy twice over—once to your pup, and again to kids who need it most.” She also said in a statement made last year about a Dunkin’ x BARK collaboration: “We’ve raised more than $10 million to bring joy to kids facing hunger and illness. This latest collection will expand our reach and deepen the nationwide impact of our foundation’s programs.” Dave Stangle, vice president of Brand Marketing at BARK, said in a previous statement about the partnership with Dunkin’: “This collaboration allows us to connect with more dogs and dog parents by tapping into daily rituals many people bring their dog on, like coffee runs. In the official press release, Dunkin’ said: “With a $16 donation to the Joy in Childhood Foundation, guests will receive a limited-edition Dunkin’ Cold Brew or Chocolate Frosted Donut toy, perfect for gifting to the dog lover in your life. Each donation fuels Foundation programs like Dogs for Joy®, which places highly trained facility dogs full-time in children’s hospitals across the country.” What Happens Next The Dunkin’ x BARK holiday dog toys are available as long as supplies last in stores and online.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/map-billionaires-private-cities-malaysia-honduras-11187941
Article: The city is described as a "frontier community for techno-optimists" and "society-as-a-service." Members have to pay $1,500 a month to gain access to the hub’s coworking spaces, Wi-Fi and office pods. Venture capitalist and PayPal cofounder Peter Thiel is one of the lead investors in the project, which like its predecessors, is built around the ideas of laissez-faire economics and a tech-forward, crypto world. "As the warrior-kings once sought the sacred Grail, so too shall we build an empire where true power flows from heroic courage and alignment with the divine order," Praxis’s Declaration of Ascent reads. There are some drawbacks from disappearing from the rest of society that could prevent these cities’ ascent, even for tech billionaires with widespread influence, said Alex Beene, a financial literacy instructor for the University of Tennessee at Martin. What People Are Saying Patri Friedman, the grandson of economist Milton Friedman and the founder of Pronomos Capital, told the Financial Times: "This whole movement is about reinventing governance for the 21st century, inspired by startups and the internet." Alex Beene, a financial literacy instructor for the University of Tennessee at Martin, told Newsweek: "While the idea of a billionaire planning a city for themselves and those like them seems like a new concept, the reality is societies designed around the needs of those with incredible wealth and power have been consistently planned throughout history—and mostly with underwhelming results. That's because wealth is not the only thing driving the mindsets of many of these highly successful individuals." Kevin Thompson, the CEO of 9i Capital Group and the host of the 9innings podcast, told Newsweek: "A playground for the people, sold as a place where 'community' and ‘innovation’ will thrive. Whether it’s co-working hubs, membership-only access, or Elon’s vision of a city built from scratch, these are privately funded societies designed to strip away traditional government oversight and societal pressures, at least for those who can afford the buy-in." What Happens Next There are many looming questions over how these cities will operate in reality.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/atlantic-city-mayor-daughter-beat-sneaking-boyfriend-11187698
Article: Defense attorney Louis Barbone told jurors during opening arguments that Small and his wife found sexually explicit text messages between their daughter and her boyfriend and discovered he was sneaking into the family's home to have sex with the girl, NJ.com reported. What To Know Prosecutors allege that the mayor punched, beat and threatened his then-15-year-old daughter in a series of incidents largely motivated by his disapproval of her relationship with her boyfriend, The Philadelphia Inquirer reported. She said that after her parents learned that she had sneaked her boyfriend into the house, her father was "mad and disappointed." She told the jury that her father hit her with a belt and punched her in the legs, the outlet said. He called the teenager's behavior "rebellion on steroids." Assistant Prosecutor Elizabeth Fischer told jurors that when the teenager began having problems in her dating life and with school, she needed her parents to guide her, but she was instead "met with violence." Fischer said the teenager felt like she had nowhere to turn because of her father's political status, and she felt like no one would believe her, NJ.com reported. What People Are Saying Defense attorney Louis Barbone, discussing how the Smalls viewed their daughter's relationship with her boyfriend, said during opening arguments: "What they're seeing is the abusive nature of the relationship.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nfl/chiefs-prediction-is-good-news-for-quarterback-patrick-mahomes-11187009
Article: The Kansas City Chiefs playoff hopes are dwindling after the team's fourth loss in its last five games with a 20-10 defeat at the hands of the surging Houston Texans. We didn't execute at the right time to win it." "We’re not winning games, but that mindset the guys have in this locker room, in the games we’re not winning, you can never question the fight of this team,” Mahomes continued. But at the end of the day you can never question that [fight], and I think you’ll see that these last four weeks." Mahomes and the Chiefs are longshots for the playoffs, but that could be good news in the NFL draft. The Heisman Trophy finalist is also a legitimate threat in the passing game, with 10.4 yards per catch and three receiving touchdowns this season." Kansas City has failed to hit on a number of running backs including Edwards-Helaire and former seventh-rounder Isiah Pacheco, but Love could provide the spark the offense has been missing.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/ncaa/college-gameday-location-leaked-before-college-football-playoff-11188019
Article: More Football: NFL Reaches Punishment Decision After Jaxson Dart Incident vs Patriots During a recent appearance on the "SVPPod", Stanford Steve appeared to reveal the network's plans for "College GameDay" for the first two games of the playoff. Alabama-Oklahoma going to be the Friday night game on the 19th, Miami-A&M is going to be noon game, Saturday the 20th and TNT will get Ole Miss and Tulane and James Madison-Oregon," he said on the show. The leak from Stanford Steve is somewhat obvious as ABC and ESPN will be broadcasting both the Alabama-Oklahoma game and the Miami-Texas A&M contest while a rival network hosts the other two games.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/judge-trump-california-national-guard-ruling-11188106
Article: District Judge Charles Breyer in San Francisco granted a preliminary injunction sought by California officials, who argued President Donald Trump overstepped his authority by using Guard troops without the governor’s approval to bolster federal immigration enforcement. The administration extended the deployment through February and also sought to use California Guard members in Portland, Oregon, as part of a broader effort to send federal forces into Democratic-led cities over the objections of state and local leaders. It was the first time in decades a president activated a state’s Guard without a governor’s request, marking a significant escalation in the administration’s efforts to carry out mass deportations.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/woman-expects-trap-release-feral-cat-something-unexpected-happened-11185581
Article: “I humanely trapped Uncle Potato on Thanksgiving at a feral cat colony in Tucson, Arizona, where I was trapping other community cats for spay, neuter and vaccines,” Gustafson told Newsweek. Despite his mournful face and crossed eyes, Uncle Potato could not be more affectionate, loving chin scratches and being held “like a baby.” After trapping, Gustafson said Uncle Potato was neutered and vaccinated at the Humane Society of Southern Arizona, then transferred to nearby Whiskers N Wishes Cat Rescue and Sanctuary. Uncle Potato is estimated to be about two years old and weighs 12 pounds, Gustafson explained, with one of his most commented on features being his oversized cheeks and head. Sad Boy’s bonded mate, Lola, still lives on Gustafson’s roof, she added, and Gustafson continues caring for roughly 15 community cats in her neighborhood while trapping hundreds more each year for veterinary care. In the meantime, she said, he already has “many fans” and “many adoption applications.” But Gustafson also offered a gentle reality check: viral cats can pull attention toward rescue—and unintentionally away from the thousands of animals still waiting. Even when outcomes improve over the long term, the most fragile cats are still most at risk—kittens under five months account for 65 percent of all cat non-live outcomes including euthanasia and death-in-care.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/republicans-push-back-trump-admin-military-spending-plan-11187529
Article: That’s what we do in appropriations.” Why It Matters Reconciliation is a fast-track budget process that allows the Senate to pass certain spending bills with a simple majority, avoiding the 60-vote threshold that would require several Democrats to join Republicans, given the chamber's balance of power. Over the weekend, Defense Secretary Pete Hegseth said last year’s reconciliation bill to boost defense spending is “only just the beginning,” noting that defense spending will increase and likely increase further through reconciliation. What To Know Office of Management and Budget (OMB) Director Russ Vought said over the weekend that the White House is not opposed to considering a second budget reconciliation bill this year to advance defense funding. He said the 60-vote threshold for appropriations has meant that “defense increases has led to a ratcheting up of non-defense spending for decades and we’re just never going to be able to get our fiscal house in order with that ratchet.” But some Republicans oppose the move, including Senators Murkowski and Roger Wicker. The Mississippi Republican who chairs the Senate Armed Services Committee told Punchbowl News, “I would prefer to use the regular appropriations process.” House Defense Appropriations Subcommittee Chair Ken Calvert said on Saturday that a second reconciliation bill would be no easy feat, telling Punchbowl News, “It was hard last time. What People Are Saying Secretary of Defense Pete Hegseth said on Saturday: “[The military] will not be distracted by democracy building, interventionism, undefined wars, regime change, climate change, woke moralizing and feckless nation building.” The November National Security Strategy states: “We want the world’s most robust, credible, and modern nuclear deterrent, plus next-generation missile defenses—including a Golden Dome for the American homeland—to protect the American people, American assets overseas, and American allies…We want the world’s most robust industrial base. Cultivating American industrial strength must become the highest priority of national economic policy.” The House Armed Services Committee Republicans said in an X post on Wednesday: "We’re proud of the work we’re doing to carry out President Trump’s Peace through Strength agenda in the FY26 NDAA. We’re looking forward to having him sign this into law so we can deliver on his promise to build the most ready, capable, and lethal fighting force in the world." Senator Jack Reed, a Rhode Island Democrat, told Punchbowl News: “What goes around comes around and, frankly, it would be destructive of one of the few remaining bipartisan issues.” Representative Marjorie Taylor Greene, a Georgia Republican, said in a December 8 X post: "This week we are voting on the National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA) that funds our military and it’s, once again, filled with American’s hard earned tax dollars used to fund foreign aid and foreign country’s wars. These American People are $38 Trillion in debt, suffering from an affordability crisis, on the verge of a healthcare crisis, and credit card debt is at an all time high." House Speaker Mike Johnson said when the National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA) was released: "This year's National Defense Authorization Act helps advance President Trump and Republicans' Peace Through Strength Agenda by codifying 15 of President Trump's executive orders, ending woke ideology at the Pentagon, securing the border, revitalizing the defense industrial base, and restoring the warrior ethos." What Happens Next The House is expected to vote on the NDAA on Wednesday.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/great-pyrenees-does-one-thing-every-walk-same-spot-11186695
Article: In a video to Crowl's TikTok account, @terrissacrowl, on December 7, she asked: "Can someone help me figure out why my full Great Pyrenees does a front roll every time we pass this specific patch of grass?" Crowl paired the question with a montage of her walks with the dog; each time without fail, the pup walks onto the grass and rolls forward, headfirst, tail wagging, mouth open happily. And TikTok users responded in a big way, watching the clip more than 2 million times and left thousands of comments—though perhaps not with the scientific explanation Crowl was hoping for. She's on a roll!" Others shared their own stories, with one writing: "My dog can’t remember a single trick she’s been taught but can remember the exact patch of grass she once found a biscuit laying on and HAS to search for it again every walk we go on." While it is not clear what started the pup's unusual habit, dogs are known to have episodic memories: being able to remember an event from the past without consciously working to remember it, according to a vet-reviewed report from PetMD. Great Pyrenees dogs are known for their loyalty and intelligence, having originally been bred to protect stock from wolves and other large predators on mountaintops, according to the American Kennel Club (AKC).

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/dad-stumped-1st-grader-sons-word-search-whos-responsible-11187213
Article: A study published in The New England Journal of Medicine found crossword puzzles were more effective at improving the memories of older adults with mild cognitive impairment than other digital brain games. That has evidently proven to be a source of some frustration for the Reddit user’s son, prompting his father to take to social media to share his mild annoyance at what has happened. Coloring sheets are much worse for it but it’s definitely spreading everywhere." Whatever the truth might be, the discussion around the puzzle proved almost as interesting as the word search itself, though both ended without much in the way of a resolution.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/russia-warns-nato-embryos-asia-11187283
Article: Sergei Shoigu, who was Vladimir Putin’s defense minister when Moscow launched its full-scale invasion of Ukraine, has said that countries in Asia are forming groups which are aligned with NATO. During a visit to Vietnam, Shoigu, who is now secretary of Russia’s Security Council, told reporters of the emergence of "embryos of NATO in the East," which could threaten Russia and members of ASEAN (Association of South East Asian Nations). Shoigu did not specify any countries, but in November, Russian Deputy Defense Minister Oleg Savelyev told an ASEAN meeting in Kuala Lumpur about Moscow’s concerns at the groups AUKUS, the Indo-Pacific Four, SQUAD and JAPHUS. Russian state media also reported that the Russian Defense Ministry had noted NATO's strengthening position in the Asia-Pacific region, suggesting that the alliance was trying to extend its influence there. In reporting Shoigu’s comments, the Russian ultra-nationalist news channel Tsargrad cited Russian military and political analyst Yevgeny Mikhailov as saying that NATO is increasing its reach in Asia with U.S. What People Are Saying Sergei Shoigu, secretary of Russia’s Security Council, said Wednesday there was "an emergence of small forms which I can call maybe a little rudely, the 'embryos' of NATO in the East." Russian Deputy Defense Minister Oleg Savelyev on November 1: "We believe that there will be likely transformation of these bloc structures in the near future into an Indo-Pacific Alliance, a direct version of NATO." What Happens Next Shoigu's comments reiterate the Kremlin's rhetoric about the threat NATO poses to Russia and reinforces Moscow's claims that the Western alliance is looking to establish itself in the Pacific region to contain China and isolate Russia—a concern expressed by Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov, according to state media.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/mark-allen-geralds-execution-florida-final-words-murder-tressa-pettibone-11186825
Article: Mark Allen Geralds, 58, was given a three-drug injection at the Florida State Prison, northwest of Starke, on Tuesday, and was pronounced dead at 6.15 p.m., The Associated Press said. The FDC's spokesperson Jordan Kirkland said eight people connected with the Pettibones were present at the prison on Tuesday, but it was not clear how many of them witnessed the execution, according to AP. What People Are Saying A victim advocate from Florida's attorney’s office read a statement from the Pettibone family, saying that the family had "endured so much as this long legal journey has seemed unending at times." "Tomorrow, when we wake up, it will be the first time in nearly 37 years that we don't have to worry about another appeal being filed or another law changing that could potentially thwart the justice we have been fighting so hard for for so long," the statement read, according to AP. The family described Pettibone as a "a faithful wife, loving mother, daughter, sister, aunt and dedicated friend." What Happens Next Florida is scheduled to carry out the execution of Frank Athen Walls on December 18.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nba/minnesota-timberwolves-solve-anthony-edwards-problem-julius-randle-trade-11187842
Article: Read more: Knicks Linked to Enticing Trade for Bulls’ Rising Star Donte DiVincenzo is the de facto starting point guard for Minnesota, even though the entire world knows he is a shooting guard. "The 31-year-old's $30.8 million salary will be key in bringing back a high-end starter, and one assumes the Wolves handed Naz Reid that $125 million extension over the summer with an eye toward promoting him if Randle headed out in a trade." The Timberwolves initially acquired Randle in the blockbuster trade that sent Karl-Anthony Towns to the New York Knicks last October. Read more: Lakers’ Leading Trade Candidate Has Emerged Randle is averaging 22.9 points, 7.1 rebounds and six assists over 33.7 minutes per game on 49.9/35.6/83.0 shooting splits this season, so jettisoning him would definitely hurt.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/ncaa/4-star-recruit-explains-delay-signing-with-lane-kiffin-and-lsu-11187493
Article: "I was planning to sign this morning but after speaking with my family, I decided to give myself a couple more days to get to know the new staff," Geralds said in a statement. The delay allowed the Ole Miss Rebels and Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets to pursue Geralds more, and even though they made strong efforts, in the end, he went with LSU. In an interview with the Bengal Tiger, Geralds talked about how being part of a defense at LSU that's packed with the top defensive players in college football made an impact on his decision. Like just be able to have that opportunity," he said in the interview, "like playing alongside other great players, knowing like we can all complement each other, our game." He added, "The four years, three to four years, that we’re in college, and I feel like we just could break some records or like just bring whatever we need to be do at LSU, and I like we already talked about this, like we didn’t been on visit with each other, and I talked about like how great Death Valley is, like how we can’t wait to play in that stadium, and set the quarterback, and do a celebration." More football news: Lane Kiffin’s $91 Million LSU Contract Has 1 Wild Clause in It During his 2024 season at Collins Hill, the four-star defensive player accumulated 114 tackles, 30 tackles for loss and 13 sacks.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/mlb/dodgers-unlikely-to-make-long-term-offer-to-kyle-tucker-report-11187158
Article: The Blue Jays may be willing to commit to Tucker long-term, but The Athletic's Ken Rosenthal and Katie Woo revealed that the Dodgers may not be willing to do the same. "The club, however, would entertain a shorter three-to-four-year deal with a high annual average value, similar to what Alex Bregman landed last spring when he signed a three-year, $120 million contract with the Boston Red Sox." ...

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/japan-earthquake-kuji-today-tsunami-warning-usgs-11187862
Article: A magnitude-5.7 earthquake struck about 67 miles northeast of Kuji, Japan, on Wednesday, rattling coastal communities just days after authorities issued a tsunami warning for the region after a 7.6 magnitude quake. Kuji is a coastal city in far northeastern Iwate Prefecture with a population of about 34,000, set along the rugged Sanriku shoreline known for its history of powerful earthquakes and tsunamis. Surrounded by the Kitakami Mountains to the west and opening onto the Pacific Ocean to the east, Kuji sits along the Sanriku coast, where the Pacific Plate dives beneath the North American Plate, creating a major subduction zone that produces frequent and sometimes powerful earthquakes.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/local/dallas-county/dallas-city-council-funding-plan-dallas-police-and-fire-pension-system/287-0072d4a9-1c6f-44f8-b813-636a2994996f
Article: DALLAS — After about a decade of uncertainty, a legal battle and months of negotiations, the Dallas City Council Wednesday will take up a funding plan for the Dallas Police and Fire Pension System. The vote Wednesday comes after the Dallas Police and Fire Pension System Board of Trustees voted in November to move forward with a deal with the city on a funding plan, officials say. A point of contention between the pension system and Dallas officials had been who will get to approve the final plan, which impacts more than 10,000 current and retired first responders and their families, according to a news release. The pension fund's plan included a quicker increase in contributions -- over three years, instead of five -- and would eventually total $11.6 billion in city contributions over 30 years. Background on legal battle The Dallas Police and Fire Pension System filed a case in August of last year asking a state court to clarify who gets the final say on a plan to shore up the pension fund for first responders, which is facing about a $3 billion shortfall. A Travis County judge sided with the Dallas Police and Fire Pension System in November of last year, ruling the city of Dallas must abide by the plan adopted by the pension system's board and requiring Dallas to find millions more dollars to contribute to the fund.

Link: https://abc7.com/post/shop-holiday-gifting-deals-cozy-cabanas-spa-worthy-body-care-abc-secret-savings/18268357/
Article: See full disclaimer below* CoolCabanas: Cabanas, Mats & Kits 50% off ABC Secret Savings CoolCabanas: Cabanas, Mats & Kits $159 $318 Valid: 12/09/2025 to 12/14/2025 Shop Now Say goodbye to heavy, bulky pop-up tents. The Play Shop Activity Set is packed with colorful cardstock goodies-everything your little one needs to create their own imaginary business, from ice cream to pizza, food trucks, and more.

Link: https://abc13.com/post/hpd-releases-surveillance-video-northwest-houston-smoke-shop-robbery-asks-publics-help-identifying-suspect/18272051/
Article: HPD releases surveillance video of smoke shop robbery, asks for public's help in identifying suspect HOUSTON, Texas (KTRK) -- Police are asking the public to help identify the suspect in a robbery that happened in northwest Houston. The employee can be heard saying, "You gonna take my money and my check?...this is my money." HPD described the suspect as a Black man in his 20s wearing a gray hoodie, black pants, and gray shoes.

Link: https://abc13.com/post/video-captures-plane-landing-florida-highway-crashing-car/18271833/
Article: Video captures plane landing on Florida highway, crashing into car Video captured a small plane apparently losing power before descending quickly to make an emergency landing and crashing on top of a car on I-95.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/football/articles/cvgrkp8w9l0o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Saudi interest in Salah has long been known, with a reported £150m bid from Al-Ittihad rejected by Liverpool in September 2023, but this is the first time a league official has gone on the record about the player since his outburst. Former Liverpool captain Steven Gerrard, who left the club in 2015, said Salah was a "bit emotional and a bit hasty" in giving the controversial interview on Saturday, where he felt he had been "thrown under the bus" after being dropped to the bench. I was a bit emotional, I was a bit hasty'." Gerrard compared the situation to former Liverpool team-mate Luis Suarez and manager Brendan Rodgers, who fell out in 2013 when the Uruguay forward tried to force a move away from Anfield. But he has scored only four goals in 13 Premier League games this season, with the defending champions 10th in the table - but only three points off fourth-placed Crystal Palace. "At the end of the day Liverpool Football Club need Mo Salah back playing well, back scoring goals, because he is the best player, the best scorer, and he will help them get out of this," said Gerrard.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/politics/lumbee-tribe-poised-to-gain-federal-recognition-through-defense-bill
Article: After decades of political maneuvering through Congress and government agencies, the Lumbee Tribe of North Carolina may finally achieve federal recognition through the National Defense Authorization Act the House plans to vote on this week. The Lumbee’s efforts to gain federal recognition — which would come with federal funding, access to resources like the Indian Health Service and the ability to take land into trust — have been controversial for many years both in Indian Country and in Washington. But the political opportunity it represented in the last election could be what pushed it over the finish line, said Kevin Washburn, former assistant secretary of Indian Affairs at the Interior Department and a professor at the University of California, Berkeley School of Law. As a result, their application for recognition was denied for consideration in the 1980s, and the Lumbee Tribe has tried to get Congress to acknowledge them in the decades since. “It is long past time to rectify the injustice it has inflicted on our tribe and our people.” But others, including several tribal leaders, argue that the Lumbee’s historic claims have shifted many times over the last century and that they have never been able to prove they descend from a tribal nation. “A national defense bill is not the appropriate place to consider federal recognition, particularly for a group that has not met the historical and legal standards required of sovereign tribal nations,” said Michell Hicks, chief of the Eastern Band of Cherokee Indians.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/justice-department-unseal-records-epsteins-2019-sex-trafficking-128279998
Article: (New York State Sex Offender Registry via AP, File) NEW YORK -- Secret grand jury transcripts from Jeffrey Epstein’s 2019 sex trafficking case can be made public, a judge ruled Wednesday, joining two other judges in granting the Justice Department’s requests to unseal material from investigations into the late financier’s sexual abuse. Berman reversed his earlier decision to keep the material under wraps, citing a new law that requires the government to open its files on Epstein and his longtime confidant Ghislaine Maxwell. The Justice Department asked the judges to lift secrecy orders after the Epstein Files Transparency Act, passed by Congress and signed into law by President Donald Trump last month, created a narrow exception to rules that normally keep grand jury proceedings confidential. Questions about the government’s Epstein files have dominated the first year of Trump’s second term, with pressure on the Republican intensifying after he reneged on a campaign promise to release the files. Berman was matter of fact in his ruling Wednesday, writing that the transparency law “unequivocally intends to make public Epstein grand jury materials and discovery materials” that had previously been covered by secrecy orders. In court filings, the Justice Department informed Berman that the only witness to testify before the Epstein grand jury was an FBI agent who, the judge noted, “had no direct knowledge of the facts of the case and whose testimony was mostly hearsay.” The agent testified over two days, on June 18, 2019, and July 2, 2019.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/judge-orders-trump-end-california-national-guard-troop-128280164
Article: (AP Photo/Damian Dovarganes, File) The Trump administration must stop deploying the California National Guard in Los Angeles and return control of the troops to the state, a federal judge ruled Wednesday. District Judge Charles Breyer in San Francisco granted a preliminary injunction sought by California officials who opposed President Donald Trump’s extraordinary move to use state Guard troops without the governor’s approval to further his immigration enforcement efforts. The Republican administration extended the deployment until February while also trying to use California Guard members in Portland, Oregon as part of its effort to send the military into Democratic-run cities over the objections of mayors and governors. The troops were stationed outside a federal detention center in downtown Los Angeles where protesters gathered and later sent on the streets to protect immigration officers as they made arrests.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/wall-street-quiet-waits-federal-reserves-announcement-afternoon-128266608
Article: stock market remains largely quiet as Wall Street waits to hear from the Federal Reserve in the afternoon Wall Street is quiet as it waits for the Federal Reserve's announcement in the afternoon Trader Robert Finnerty Jr. Among the market’s big movers was GE Vernova, which flew 9.2% higher after the energy company raised its forecast for revenue by 2028, doubled its dividend and increased its program to buy back its own stock. Wall Street has been bracing for Fed officials to imply fewer cuts to rates in 2026 than this year, and potentially fewer than the two that many traders are expecting now, even after they downgraded their forecasts. With inflation remaining stubbornly above the Fed’s 2% target, Fed officials are notably split about whether high inflation or the slowing job market is the bigger threat to the economy.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/sophie-kinsella-author-millions-selling-shopaholic-novels-dies-128274792
Article: Writer Sophie Kinsella, known for her rom-com "Confessions of a Shopaholic," has died at 55 LONDON -- Writer Sophie Kinsella, whose effervescent rom-com “Confessions of a Shopaholic” sparked a millions-selling series, died Wednesday, her family said. The family said in a statement on Kinsella's Instagram account that "she died peacefully, with her final days filled with her true loves: family and music and warmth and Christmas and joy. Kinsella, who also published under her real name, Madeleine Wickham, announced in April 2024 that she had been diagnosed more than a year earlier with glioblastoma, an aggressive form of brain cancer. “I did not share this before because I wanted to make sure that my children were able to hear and process the news in privacy and adapt to our ’new normal,'" she said at the time. I wasn’t the child walking around saying, ‘I’m going to write a novel one day.’” Kinsella enrolled at Oxford University to study music but switched to the politics, philosophy and economics program after one year. And that’s what she finds herself in all the time.” Bloomwood's further adventures followed in books including “Shopaholic Takes Manhattan,” “Shopaholic Ties the Knot” and “Shopaholic & Sister.” Along with “Bridget Jones” author Helen Fielding and others, Kinsella’s work was often branded “chick lit” by the media. She told the AP in 2004 she didn’t mind the label, interpreting it as signaling a book that is "fun, entertaining and might just have a happy ending.” “Just because you are interested in frivolous things doesn’t mean that you can’t be bright and have great ideas and the rest of it," she said. Kinsella also wrote “The Undomestic Goddess”, “Remember Me?” and “Twenties Girl.” A young adult novel, “Finding Audrey,” was released in 2015, followed by the children’s book series “My Mummy Fairy and Me.” Her novel “Can You Keep a Secret?” was adapted into a 2019 film starring Alexandra Daddario and Tyler Hoechlin. “I hope it’s full of optimism and love most of all.” Araminta Whitley and Marina de Pass, Kinsella’s agents at The Soho Agency, said the writer “had a rare gift for creating emotionally resonant protagonists and stories that spoke to, and entertained, readers wherever they were in the world and whatever challenges they faced.” Bill Scott-Kerr, her publisher at Transworld, said Kinsella leaves behind “a unique voice, an unquenchable spirit, a goodness of intent and a body of work that will continue to inspire us to reach higher and be better, just like so many of her characters.” ___ Rancilio reported from Detroit.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/bill-reduce-brazilian-president-jair-bolsonaros-prison-time-128280001
Article: Brazil's lower house of Congress has approved a bill that could reduce former President Jair Bolsonaro's prison time Congresspeople from parties supporting former President Jair Bolsonaro, sentenced for leading a coup attempt, attend a session to consider a bill to alter sentencing guidelines for certain crimes including coups d'état, in Brasilia, Brazil, Tuesday, Dec. (AP Photo/Eraldo Peres) Congresspeople from parties supporting former President Jair Bolsonaro, sentenced for leading a coup attempt, attend a session to consider a bill to alter sentencing guidelines for certain crimes including coups d'état, in Brasilia, Brazil, Tuesday, Dec. (AP Photo/Eraldo Peres) RIO DE JANEIRO -- Brazil’s lower house of Congress approved a bill Wednesday aimed at reducing the time that former President Jair Bolsonaro spends behind bars following his sentence of more than 27 years for attempting a coup. The bill's centrist sponsor Paulinho da Força said it's aimed at reconciliation and that if it's adopted, the right-wing ex-president’s time behind bars could be reduced to two years and four months. Lawmakers voted 291-148 in favor of the bill following a contentious session in which scuffles broke out as members of Lula's party, which holds only a minority of seats in the chamber, protested the proceedings. Justices said the ex-leader led a criminal organization behind the insurrection, which they said was aimed at overthrowing President Lula da Silva, who had taken office a week earlier following Bolsonaro’s election loss in October 2022. Bolsonaro and his allies also have advocated for an amnesty for the former leader, but the legislation passed Wednesday focuses on reduction of sentences rather than an annulment of convictions. “I’m doing my part, so that we can pacify Brazil, and so that we can discuss the election next year and discuss the projects that matter for Brazil,” he said in a video on Instagram before the vote. Bolsonaro’s defense team has asked for the former president to be allowed to leave prison to undergo health procedures, a lawyer for Bolsonaro confirmed to The Associated Press on Wednesday.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Health/wireStory/north-carolina-gov-stein-cancels-medicaid-rate-cuts-128278164
Article: Josh Stein is canceling Medicaid reimbursement rate reductions he initiated two months ago, a decision that protects short-term access to care for vulnerable patients while a political fight with Republican legislators to enact additional funding is resolved. Dev Sangvai announced Wednesday the state agency would restore reimbursement rates for doctors, hospitals and other medical providers of Medicaid services that otherwise generally had been cut by 3% to 10% starting Oct. The first-year governor had said the reductions, while painful for Medicaid patients and providers, were unavoidable because a stopgap spending measure the legislature approved in the summer fell $319 million short of what was needed to address population changes and rising health care costs. The governor was pushed to relent as Medicaid consumers such as children with autism and providers like adult care homes have successfully sued the health department so far and blocked certain rate reductions. As part of the reversal, Sangvai said, the providers will receive retroactively reimbursements for the difference between the reduced and full rates for claims that were filed after the reductions took effect. The Medicaid shortfall continues, however, an offshoot of GOP leaders being unable to pass a conventional two-year budget — largely over differences about additional income tax reductions and teacher pay. But senators also wanted legislation to allocate previously received federal money to help build a standalone children’s hospital in Wake County by two university medical schools and for rural health investments.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Entertainment/wireStory/5-notable-books-author-sophie-kinsella-died-age-128282569
Article: As the author would remember, she was a 24-year-old financial journalist who, while commuting by train one day, thought to herself, “I want to have a go at this, I want to write a book.” Within two years, she was the bestselling author of “The Tennis Party,” under her real name, Madeleine Wickham. as “40 Love,” her debut novel centered on the misadventures of a weekend tennis party and introduced readers to her conversational touch about everything from love to money to ... “They sleep with each other, they behave very badly, drink a lot of Pimms, thrash tennis balls around, and things come to a head quite intensely.” She published her first several books as Wickham, before becoming a global brand as “Sophie Kinsella.” Spurred by this first “Shopaholic” novel, millions would cheer on the hopelessly indebted financial journalist Becky Bloomwood, who helps keep the economy turning with her “investments” in clothing, household and other products. Becky, meanwhile, will be sent the woman's bill for three tins of cat food, “which, naturally, I'll pay without question.” The 2009 film “Confessions of a Shopaholic,” based on the first two of Kinsella's nine-novel series, starred Isla Fisher and Hugh Dancy. And she has a few secrets she would like to hold on to, whether it's pouring orange juice on the plant of a colleague who annoys her or how she sometimes holds back laughter while having sex — “just normal, everyday little secrets.” This book was adapted into a 2019 movie starring Alexandra Daddario and Tyler Hoechlin. Samantha Sweeting is a London lawyer who can't take it anymore, boards a train to the countryside and finds herself working as a housekeeper, for which she has no known skills. “It’s a story of an uber-professional realizing there’s more to life than work, and starting to appreciate the little things.” Just your typical supernatural adventure, in which 27-year-old Lara Lington is visited by the ghost of her flapper-great aunt Sadie and sent off to retrieve Sadie's long-lost necklace.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Entertainment/wireStory/cbs-appoints-tony-dokoupil-anchor-flagship-cbs-evening-128280760
Article: CBS says Tony Dokoupil will take over at the beginning of next year as anchor of its flagship “CBS Evening News” broadcast FILE - Tony Dokoupil, co-host of "CBS This Morning", looks on before throwing a ceremonial first pitch prior to a baseball game between the Baltimore Orioles and the Texas Rangers, May 27, 2023, in Baltimore. (AP Photo/Julio Cortez, File) FILE - Tony Dokoupil, co-host of "CBS This Morning", looks on before throwing a ceremonial first pitch prior to a baseball game between the Baltimore Orioles and the Texas Rangers, May 27, 2023, in Baltimore. (AP Photo/Julio Cortez, File) CBS News appointed Tony Dokoupil as anchor of the “CBS Evening News” on Wednesday, charging him with taking on ABC's dominant David Muir on one of the flagship shows for broadcast television.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/10/oracle-orcl-q2-earnings-report-2026.html
Article: Here's what analysts are expecting, according to LSEG: Earnings per share: $1.64 adjusted $1.64 adjusted Revenue: $16.21 billion Wall Street expects revenue to increase 15% in the quarter that ended Nov. While the move has been a boon for Oracle's revenue and its backlog, investors have grown concerned about the amount of debt the company is raising and the risks it faces should the AI market slow. OpenAI, which sparked the generative AI rush with the launch of ChatGPT three years ago, has committed to spending more than $300 billion on Oracle's infrastructure services over five years. "Customer concentration is a major issue here, but I think the bigger thing is, How are they going to pay for this?" said RBC analyst Rishi Jaluria, who has the equivalent of a hold rating on Oracle's stock.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/sports/liveblog/2025/12/10/live-real-madrid-vs-manchester-city-uefa-champions-league?traffic_source=rss
Article: blinking-dot Live Match Live Match, LIVE: Real Madrid vs Manchester City – UEFA Champions League Follow the build-up, analysis and live text commentary of the game as Madrid host City at the Santiago Bernabeu Stadium.

Link: https://www.latimes.com/sports/story/2025-12-10/starz-tv-show-shohei-ohtani-interpreter-ippei-mizuhara-gambling
Article: California What to know about the Shohei Ohtani interpreter gambling scandal Shohei Ohtani is considered a victim as prosecutors charge ex-interpreter Ippei Mizuhara with bank fraud after $16 million was stolen from the Dodgers star. Advertisement “This is Major League Baseball’s biggest sports gambling scandal since Pete Rose — and at its center is its biggest star, one that MLB has hitched its wagon on,” Chen said in a statement to The Times. “We’ll get to the heart of the story — a story of trust, betrayal and the trappings of wealth and fame.” Lionsgate was having trouble selling the project to companies with media rights agreements with Major League Baseball — Disney, Warner Bros., Discovery, Apple, Netflix and Comcast — because the companies didn’t want to jeopardize their relationships with the league, according to the Hollywood Reporter. Mizuhara befriended Ohtani in Japan when the player who would become the most accomplished hitting and pitching combination in baseball history was an 18-year-old rookie with the Hokkaido Nippon-Ham Fighters. Mizuhara arranged wire transfers from Ohtani’s bank account without the player’s knowledge or permission and impersonated him during more than two dozen phone calls with bank employees, all to feed a gambling habit that accumulated $40 million in losses across thousands of bets. It’s really hard to verbalize how I am feeling at this point.” Ohtani quickly put the episode behind him, leading the Dodgers to World Series championships in 2024 and 2025.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/texas-candidate-files-republican-raising-money-democrats-11188015
Article: Why It Matters Critics allege that Culbert used Democratic-focused tools and platforms, including ActBlue and Democratic media, to raise money and grow her profile without disclosing her intention to run as a Republican, fueling debate over ethical standards in Texas political campaigns. What To Know Culbert, an engineer with a background in improving safety and strengthening industrial processes, ran as the Democratic nominee for the Texas Railroad Commission in 2024, losing to incumbent Christi Craddick, a Republican, by 16.6 percentage points, according to Ballotpedia. According to her 2024 campaign profile, Culbert highlighted her experience as a process safety engineer and her commitment to environmental protection, corporate accountability and transparency at the powerful state agency overseeing Texas' oil and gas industry. Filing as a Republican, I am directing my campaign toward all Texans and stressing that effective statewide leadership must rise above partisan expectations." Her announcement has sparked widespread backlash, with X users responding to her post by pointing out her previous Democratic ties. One user, Blake Allen, an attorney, said: "I don't say this lightly but complete scumbag behavior to solicit donations via ActBlue (posing as a Democrat by doing so) to only then file for office as a Republican. If you donated to her, you should demand a refund." Michael McLean, who called himself an "advocate for city building," wrote: "If you donated to her campaign through ActBlue you can get an automatic refund up to 45 days later. After that you can email ActBlue and they might be able to help claw back funds." Critics and some Democratic activists allege that, prior to this announcement, Culbert continued to engage Democratic audiences—seeking inclusion in Democratic newsletters and blogs, promoting her website and social media profiles in Democratic circles, and using ActBlue, a crowdfunding platform popular among Democratic candidates. Davis, a Democratic political blogger, wrote in a Substack post: "She used my platform, a Democratic platform, to get her website and social media out in front of thousands of Texas Democrats, boost her visibility, and pad her follower counts a full month before the filing deadline, all while knowing she had no intention of running as a Democrat at all." She added: "It's one thing to switch parties. But it's another thing entirely to ask a Democratic journalist to amplify your campaign under false pretenses so you can milk their audience and then turn around and run as a Republican." Texas Railroad Commission candidate Katherine Culbert's campaign website said: "She believes Texas needs regulators who understand how systems function in the real world and who prioritize safety, affordability, and responsible stewardship. Katherine's approach is grounded in data, disciplined engineering practice, and a commitment to public service that puts Texans first." What Happens Next Culbert's switch has energized discussions among activists, donors, political strategists and observers about the ethical obligations of candidates in disclosing their political intentions to donors and supporters. The Texas Railroad Commission's regulatory significance and the heightened political climate in the 2026 election cycle are likely to intensify scrutiny of both her campaign and broader fundraising practices statewide.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/cbs-erika-kirk-bari-weiss-left-right-wing-11187875
Article: The tone of the trailer—released nearly three months to the date after Charlie Kirk's assassination—has been criticized by some online, with journalist Juliet Jeske saying in a post on X, "It sounds like the narrator is happy Kirk died. Everything about this ad just seems inappropriate." Another X user wrote, "The fox newsification [sic] of CBS news [sic] is almost complete." Newsweek has contacted Turning Point USA and CBS News via email for comment. What To Know CBS News officially announced the town hall on December 9, and a post on X about the event read, “A single bullet took Charlie Kirk’s life — leaving Erika Kirk a widow and the leader of one of the most powerful conservative groups in the country. Three months after her husband’s assassination, Erika Kirk will join CBS News for a town hall on faith, grief, and political violence in America.” The event, which will be pre-taped at a New York studio, will see Erika Kirk take questions from evangelicals, religious and political leaders. The town hall will be the first on-camera appearance for Weiss, who was announced as the new editor-in-chief of CBS News in October this year, after parent company Paramount announced that it was acquiring The Free Press, which Weiss founded. One post, from the account @Mollyploofkins on X viewed over 170,000 times, reads “Why is CBS News doing a town hall with Erika Kirk?”, while the social media account for the outlet The Tennessee Holler wrote on X “cbs is fox now.” Erika Kirk has recently done multiple interviews with conservative commentators including Megyn Kelly and last week closed out the New York Times’ DealBook summit. What People Are Saying The account @CantEverDie, in a post in on X viewed over 480,000 times: “the ellisons did a very swift job buying CBS and installing bari weiss as it’s head. they completely ruined a news network that was generally better than most of the rest out there and immediately converted it into fox news 2.” The account @cryptodaaddy, in a post on X viewed over 20,000 times: “this is a tragic story with many layers, let's hope the town hall brings some light to the issues at hand.” The account @Wilson_Valdez, in a post on X viewed over 10,000 times: “The Bari Weiss era of CBS News is here and what Bari Weiss has decided The People want is more Bari Weiss.” What Happens Next The town hall will air on December 13 at 8 p.m.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/trump-mexico-sewage-threat-texas-california-11188420
Article: President Donald Trump on Wednesday accused Mexico of posing a “true threat” to residents of California and Texas, warning that the country must “immediately” address cross-border water and sewage problems. It is a true Threat to the People of Texas, California, and the United States of America!" The post was accompanied by a video that says that "Mexico is sending millions of gallons of untreated sewage water into the Tijuana River." This is a breaking news story.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nba/spurs-receive-crushing-wembanyama-update-before-lakers-nba-cup-clash-11188217
Article: Luka Doncic and LeBron James are expected to be ready and good to go for the game in Los Angeles, but the Spurs received disappointing news on their end for what could have been a showdown of superstars. More news: Giannis Calls Meeting With Bucks Teammates Amid Explosive Trade Rumors While there were positive signs that the Spurs ace would be progressing toward a comeback to face Doncic, James, and the rest of the Lakers, San Antonio is playing it cautious with the current and future face of its franchise. At a time across sports where calf strains have led to players tearing Achilles tendons, most notably Boston’s Jayson Tatum and Indiana’s Tyrese Haliburton in last year’s NBA playoffs, the Spurs won’t risk it.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/man-killed-snowplow-winter-storm-minnesota-11187556
Article: The MSP airport received more than 4 inches of snow between Tuesday and Wednesday morning, according to a post on X by the National Weather Service (NWS) office in Twin Cities on Wednesday morning. "Locations across western MN are currently observing a lull in the activity, however another round of light snow (and much stronger winds) will arrive later this evening." As of Wednesday morning, no winter weather advisories or winter storm warnings were in place for the airport, although NWS Twin Cities had issued a hazardous weather outlook warning of snow showers and breezy conditions through the afternoon hours.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/ncaa/james-franklin-poaches-another-penn-state-coach-11184393
Article: The Penn State Nittany Lions are set to look much different in the post-James Franklin era, particularly because Franklin has had no issue taking several key members of his coaching staff with him to Virginia Tech. These changes started on Tuesday morning when Penn State co-offensive coordinator and tight ends coach Ty Howle accepted a position under Franklin to be the new offensive coordinator of the Hokies. More news: Miami Linked to Elite 5-Star QB Amid Transfer Portal Rumors As Thamel alluded to in his post, this move makes a ton of sense given O'Brien's lengthy history with Franklin. Regardless of whether Franklin's new tenure in Blacksburg works out or not, poaching two highly regarded coaches shows that he still has plenty of influence despite being fired by his former program.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/the-justice-department-just-rewrote-us-discrimination-laws-11187710
Article: Why It Matters The DOJ’s decision to eliminate the use of a legal concept known as "disparate impact" marks a major change in how the federal government addresses allegations of discrimination. For more than 50 years, disparate impact liability enabled civil rights enforcement agencies and courts to use statistical evidence—such as uneven outcomes among racial or ethnic groups—as proof that civil rights law may have been violated, even if no explicit intent to discriminate could be shown. Applied under Title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, the rule means that even neutral policies can violate civil rights if they disproportionately harm protected groups—but recent changes now require proof of intent, making it harder to challenge systemic bias. Dhillon said: "Our rejection of this theory will restore true equality under the law by requiring proof of actual discrimination, rather than enforcing race- or sex-based quotas or assumptions." Attorney General Pam Bondi said: "For decades, the Justice Department has used disparate-impact liability to undermine the constitutional principle that all Americans must be treated equally under the law. This new rule is the most forceful push for color-blind justice since the Supreme Court’s Harvard decision." NAACP-LDF senior policy counsel Amalea Smirniotopoulos said : "The Trump administration cannot claim to value equality by undermining the very laws that keep people protected from discrimination. Removing the Department of Justice’s regulations prohibiting unfair discriminatory policies takes away critical safeguards against the most insidious forms of exclusion." More than 200 former DOJ Civil Rights Division attorneys signed a letter criticizing the administration’s actions. The Administration wants you to believe that career staff who fled the Division 'were actively in resistance mode' and 'decided that they’d rather not do what their job requires them to do'. We left because this Administration turned the Division’s core mission upside down, largely abandoning its duty to protect civil rights." What Happens Next Legal challenges to the new rule are expected, as civil rights organizations argue that eliminating disparate impact liability undermines the intent of federal anti-discrimination laws and could stymie efforts to address systemic inequality.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/green-card-applicant-detained-ice-airport-thanksgiving-11185872
Article: Juan Antonio Nevarez-Porras, 40, a foreman for Renegade Construction since 2016, was traveling with his 16-year-old son, Jonathan, to Nashville, Tennessee, to visit family and attend the 100th anniversary of the Grand Ole Opry, his family said. The man's brother-in-law, country music artist Frank Ray, said Nevarez-Porras was flagged by the Transportation Security Administration, handed over to Border Patrol and then transferred to Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE). "Their reasoning for his stop was that he didn't have 'sufficient documentation for legal status,' even though he had just been issued a work visa valid for five years in March of this year," Ray told Newsweek. Newsweek has documented multiple cases in which green card holders or applicants were caught up in ICE enforcement actions, and immigration agents continue to pursue removals of undocumented immigrants and green card applicants and holders with previous criminal records. Nevarez-Porras' wife of 18 years and their four children are devastated, Ray said, adding, "The immigration system is broken, and the tactics being used make it harder for people to become naturalized citizens." Nevarez-Porras is in federal custody at the Otero County Processing Center in New Mexico, according to the ICE detainee database.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nfl/philadelphia-eagles-legend-sends-wild-threat-after-mnf-loss-11176693
Article: McCoy was so passionate that Patullo is the problem that he actually declared that he would ask the organization to give his jersey number to another player and remove him from their Hall of Fame if the unpopular coach returns in his current role next season. Kevin be on some bullcrap." More news: Giants Linked to Bizarre Trade for Browns Coach Kevin Stefanski It's unprecedented to see someone like McCoy give this kind of ultimatum to their former team. Whether it be Kevin Patullo's playcalling or a disconnect between the offensive players in Philadelphia, major changes certainly need to come if the team is going to repeat as Super Bowl champions this year.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/wrestling/ranking-john-cenas-10-greatest-wwe-feuds-11188187
Article: With his career coming to an end on December 13, it is time to look back on John Cena's career and the extraordinary feuds that he has delivered throughout his illustrious run in WWE. From personal rivalries to competing to be the best in all of WWE, Cena has gone to war with the very best that the company has had to offer over the past 23 years. They crossed paths again in 2010 for a compelling rivalry over the WWE Championship, culminating at "WrestleMania 26." Randy Orton Cena and Randy Orton are perhaps the two defining stars of the past 25 years. Following a brief run as Tag Team Champions, they faced off in a 58-minute classic on "Raw" in London, England, often regarded as one of the best television matches in history. Their original rivalry in 2016 produced some of the most captivating matches of the modern era, with Styles earning a clean victory at "SummerSlam" before Cena took his 16th world title at "Royal Rumble" 2017. Cena avenged the loss the following year at "WrestleMania 29." The rivalry was revisited recently when Cena joined forces with The Rock to turn heel on Cody Rhodes at "Elimination Chamber" 2025.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nba/spurs-urged-to-make-brain-breaker-blockbuster-trade-for-disgruntled-former-mvp-11184290
Article: After a post-Kawhi Leonard purgatory that saw the club mired in mediocrity — and worse — the club now seems to have firmly established itself as a major team of the future. The Spurs haven't even had their best player, All-Star center Victor Wembanyama, available for their last 11 games — but that hasn't mattered, as San Antonio has gone 8-3 across those contests. “If we’re going to play one-on-one, a lot of defenders in this league give me a step, knowing that I’m trying to get downhill,” Fox said of his approach, per Jeff McDonald of the San Antonio Express-News. “If they give me the step, I have the confidence to step back, knowing that I have time and space to knock shots down.” Still, the Spurs have the appetizing youthful prospects and assets, movable contracts, and present-day talent necessary to muster a major trade. On a new episode of "The Bill Simmons Podcast," The Ringer's Bill Simmons and Max Kellerman made the case for this rising power in the West to get in the Antetokounmpo hunt. Your fans can say, 'Well at least we go that.'" The impossible two-way duo of Wembanyama and Antetokounmpo in the Spurs frontcourt could evoke a prior superstar tandem, David Robinson and Tim Duncan, during its first few seasons.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nfl/nick-sirianni-sounds-off-on-calls-to-bench-jalen-hurts-after-chargers-loss-11187876
Article: While the Eagles sit at 8-5 and are still on track for the postseason, they’ve now lost three straight games and are trending downward at the wrong time, with their offense clearly struggling. More news: Jerry Jones Makes Critical Error With George Pickens as Negotiations Loom This season, Hurts is completing 64.7% of his passes for 2,754 yards, 19 touchdowns, and six interceptions, with a QBR of 51.9—the lowest of his career since starting four games in 2020. They’re preparing for a Week 15 matchup against the Las Vegas Raiders (2-11) before closing out the regular season with games against the Washington Commanders, Buffalo Bills, and the Commanders again in Week 18.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nfl/buccaneers-announce-huge-mike-evans-return-update-for-falcons-showdown-11188328
Article: Tampa Bay Buccaneers star receiver Mike Evans has dealt with multiple injuries over the last few seasons, and 2025 has seen him miss multiple games due to a hamstring injury and a broken collarbone. More news: Philip Rivers is Giving Up Hall of Fame Bid to Join the Colts Evans has been a mainstay with the Buccaneers franchise, putting together over 1,000 yards in each of his 11 seasons with the team. That said, he might finally be making it back to the field on "Thursday Night Football." Per Greg Auman, Buccaneers head coach Todd Bowles stated that Evans has "shown everything he needed to show in practice to be activated and make his return." ... The offense has clearly been struggling without its top players, and Mayfield and company will have Evans and Irving back on the field together for the first time in multiple weeks.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/nation-world/watch-plane-slams-car-during-dramatic-i-95-crash-landing/507-1661db3e-a4ca-4dc3-98e3-2b9beb0db5d5
Article: Example video title will go here for this video Next up in 5 Example video title will go here for this video Next up in 5 To stream WFAA on your phone, you need the WFAA app. Dash camera video shows the moment when the twin-engine aircraft came down during rush hour traffic Monday evening , landing on top of a Toyota Camry near Cocoa, along Florida's Atlantic coast, about an hour east of Orlando.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c4gk3d72mvzo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Health Secretary Wes Streeting has been adamant he will not negotiate on that, given resident doctors - the new name for junior doctors - have had pay rises of nearly 30% over the past three years. The doctors' union has agreed to put the offer to members over the coming days - if they support it, the five-day walkout starting on Wednesday 17 December could be called off. The deal also includes emergency legislation being introduced so that the NHS can prioritise doctors who have studied and worked in the UK for speciality training posts that resident doctors move into in year three of their training. If members indicate it is enough to call off these strikes, a formal referendum of resident doctors would follow, giving members time to consider the details of the offer and whether to accept it and end the current dispute, the BMA said. BMA resident doctors committee chairman, Dr Jack Fletcher, said: "This offer is the result of thousands of resident doctors showing that they are prepared to stand up for their profession and its future.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c79x7q325p3o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Toffee Crisp and Blue Riband can't be called chocolate anymore 23 minutes ago Share Save Josh Martin Business reporter Share Save Getty Images Chocolate-flavoured, but no longer chocolate: Toffee Crisp fans may have seen a change in how their confectionery is labelled Toffee Crisp and Blue Riband bars can no longer be called chocolate after maker Nestle changed their recipes. To be described as milk chocolate in the UK a product needs to have at least 20% cocoa solids and 20% milk solids, a level each product fell below once a higher amount of cheaper vegetable fat was used.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/articles/c4g9w60632po?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: The select athletes have now received Individual Neutral Athletes (AIN) status after meeting the International Olympic Committee's (ICC) eligibility criteria, but will not be able to compete under the flag of their country. The Russian Ski Association (RSF), the Belarusian Ski Union (BSU) and 17 athletes from the countries made appeals against the decision to the Court of Arbitration for Sport (Cas) which partially upheld them, clearing the way for previously banned athletes to take part in the Games. Belarusian freestyle skiing aerialist Hanna Huskova, who won gold at Pyeongchang 2018 and silver at Beijing 2022, headlines the initial list alongside Russia's Anastasia Tatalina, who took gold in the women's ski big air at the 2021 World Championships. "Over the course of the upcoming days and weeks, as more eligibility reviews are conducted and more decisions are made, FIS will publish updated versions of the AIN list," the sport's governing body said in a statement. In September the IOC said it would allow neutral athletes to compete at the 2026 Winter Olympics under the same conditions they did at the 2024 Paris Olympics, but that the final decision would rest with individual sports federations. Last year 15 neutral Russians and 17 neutral Belarusians accepted an invitation to compete in Paris on the condition that they did so without flags, emblems or anthems of their country.

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/12/10/nx-s1-5639775/death-cap-mushrooms-california
Article: What to know about death cap mushrooms, blamed for poisonings in California toggle caption William West/AFP via Getty Images California authorities are warning people not to eat foraged mushrooms for the time being after nearly two dozen people were sickened — including one fatally — by a highly poisonous mushroom known as the death cap. The California Department of Public Health (CDPH) said in its advisory that there have been 21 confirmed cases of toxic mushroom poisoning — which it says is "likely" from consumption of death caps — between mid-November and last Friday. "Because the death cap can easily be mistaken for edible safe mushrooms, we advise the public not to forage for wild mushrooms at all during this high-risk season," said CDPH director Dr. An unusually rainy season has created particularly favorable growing conditions for the mushrooms, as was the case in December 2016, when state officials reported 14 cases of death cap poisoning. All of the individuals survived, but three required liver transplants and one child had "permanent neurologic impairment." Death caps may thrive in California, but they are not limited to the state. Death cap mushrooms, or Amanita phalloides, originated in Eurasia but are now found in many other places, including North America and Australia — where they were implicated in a high-profile mass murder case earlier this year. conservation charity Woodland Trust says they have been an "invisible murder weapon for millennia," blamed in the deaths of Roman Emperor Claudius in 54 AD and Holy Roman Emperor Charles VI in 1740.) Sponsor Message They are thought to have arrived in Central California in the 1930s by accident, via the roots of imported European oaks, and have taken hold across the state — and beyond — in the decades since. "It's intriguing because it's from one place, and it's spreading in another place," Anne Pringle, a mycologist at the University of Wisconsin-Madison, told NPR in September, pointing to Northern California as a death cap "hot spot." Death cap mushrooms typically grow near oak, pine and other hardwood trees, often in widely spaced groups. They are typically medium-to-large in size — growing up to 6 inches across and 6 inches tall — with a greenish-gray cap that is initially dome-shaped but flattens out over time. Sponsor Message The Food and Drug Administration (FDA) says AMA poisoning is characterized by the delayed onset of symptoms, starting on average after six to 15 hours, but potentially up to 48 hours. "If this early phase is survived, the patient may appear to recover for a short time, but this period generally will be followed by a rapid and severe loss of strength, prostration, and restlessness caused by pain," the FDA says.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/world/iceland-joins-a-growing-list-of-countries-boycotting-eurovision-over-israels-participation
Article: LONDON (AP) — Iceland’s national broadcaster said Wednesday it will boycott next year’s Eurovision Song Contest because of discord over Israel’s participation, joining four other countries in a walkout of the pan-continental music competition. Broadcasters in Spain, the Netherlands, Ireland and Slovenia told contest organizer the European Broadcasting Union last week that they will not take part in the contest in Vienna in May after organizers declined to expel Israel over its conduct of the war against Hamas in Gaza. READ MORE: Thousands of pro-Palestinian protesters march against Israel’s participation in Eurovision At its conclusion the broadcaster said in a statement that “given the public debate in this country … it is clear that neither joy nor peace will prevail regarding the participation of RÚV in Eurovision. It is therefore the conclusion of RÚV to notify the EBU today that RÚV will not take part in Eurovision next year.” “The Song Contest and Eurovision have always had the aim of uniting the Icelandic nation but it is now clear that this aim cannot be achieved and it is on these program-related grounds that this decision is taken,” the broadcaster said. Members voted to adopt tougher contest voting rules in response to allegations that Israel manipulated the vote in favor of its competitor, but took no action to exclude any broadcaster from the competition. READ MORE: Nemo of Switzerland wins Eurovision as protests over Gaza war overshadow 2024 contest The walkouts cast a cloud over the future of what’s meant to be a feel-good cultural party marked by friendly rivalry and disco beats, dealing a blow to fans, broadcasters and the contest’s finances. Opponents of Israel’s participation cite the war in Gaza, where more than 70,000 Palestinians have been killed, according to the territory’s Health Ministry, which operates under the Hamas-run government and whose detailed records are viewed as generally reliable by the international community.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/world/denmark-to-compensate-thousands-of-indigenous-women-and-girls-in-greenland-over-forced-contraception
Article: COPENHAGEN, Denmark (AP) — Denmark has reached a deal to compensate thousands of Indigenous women and girls in Greenland over cases of forcible contraception carried out by health authorities over decades starting in the 1960s. The Danish health ministry said Wednesday that women who were given contraception against their knowledge or consent between 1960 and 1991 can apply for individual payouts of 300,000 Danish kroner (about $46,000) starting next April. READ MORE: Hundreds of Greenlandic women and girls were forcibly given contraception between 1960 and 1991, report says The Inuits, many of them teenagers at the time, were fitted with intrauterine contraceptive devices, known as IUDs or coils, or given a hormonal birth control injection — either without learning details or giving their consent. An independent investigation published in September found that more than 350 Greenlandic Indigenous women and girls, including some 12 years old and younger, had reported they were forcibly given contraception by health authorities — though more than 4,000 women and girls are believed to have been affected.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/trump-administration-moves-end-major-student-loan-forgiveness/story?id=128268281
Article: The Department of Education has moved to terminate one of former President Joe Biden's most popular student loan forgiveness plans -- impacting millions of Americans -- through a proposed joint settlement with the state of Missouri on Tuesday. Officials in the Trump administration's Education Department, who've decried those policies for months, suggested that the administration is righting a wrong by ending the "deceptive scheme" of student loan forgiveness. ​The Biden administration touted the plan for including $0 payments for anyone making $16 an hour or less, lowering monthly payments for millions of borrowers, and protecting borrowers from runaway interest if they are making their monthly payments. "The law is clear: if you take out a loan, you must pay it back," Under Secretary of Education Nicholas Kent said in a release from Secretary of Education Linda McMahon's department on Tuesday. "Thanks to the State of Missouri and other states fighting against this egregious federal overreach, American taxpayers can now rest assured they will no longer be forced to serve as collateral for illegal and irresponsible student loan policies." Education Secretary Linda McMahon speaks during a press briefing at the White House, Nov. Evelyn Hockstein/Reuters The Biden administration launched the SAVE Plan, which it dubbed the most affordable payment plan ever, after the Supreme Court struck down Biden's previous signature debt relief program in 2023. "The Biden Administration's illegal SAVE Plan would have cost taxpayers, many of whom did not attend college or already repaid their student loans, more than $342 billion over ten years," McMahon wrote in a post on X . "The 7+ million borrowers enrolled in SAVE will face higher monthly loan payments -- and may lose out on months of progress toward loan forgiveness," Michele Zampini, associate vice president of federal policy & advocacy at The Institute for College Access & Success (TICAS) wrote in a statement. Protect Borrowers Deputy Executive Director and Managing Counsel Persis Yu said the move strips borrowers of the most affordable repayment plan that would help millions to stay on track with their loans while keeping a roof over their head. "The real story here is the unrelenting, right-wing push to jack up costs on working people with student debt." The news of the settlement comes as Trump's signature domestic policy agenda, the One Big Beautiful Bill Act , included a provision to terminate all current student loan repayment plans -- such as SAVE and other income-driven repayment plans -- for loans disbursed on or after July 1, 2026. Under that bill, the plans will be replaced with two separate repayment plans: a standard repayment plan and the Repayment Assistance Plan (RAP), a new income-based repayment plan coming July 1, 2026.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/video/trump-strays-economic-policy-talk-rally-pennsylvania-128284640
Article: Trump strays from economic policy talk during rally in Pennsylvania In a Pennsylvania speech the White House billed as President Donald Trump's kickoff event for a tour focused on the economy, Trump passed blame for high costs onto his predecessor.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/study-finds-humans-making-fire-400000-years-ago-128285400
Article: Archaeologists in Britain say they have found the earliest known evidence of deliberate fire-making, dating to around 400,000 years ago Study finds humans were making fire 400,000 years ago, far earlier than once thought Discovery of the first fragment of iron pyrite in 2017, at Barnham, Suffof, England. (Jordan Mansfield/Pathways to Ancient Britain Project via AP) LONDON -- Scientists in Britain say ancient humans may have learned to make fire far earlier than previously believed, after uncovering evidence that deliberate fire-setting took place in what is now eastern England around 400,000 years ago. A team led by the British Museum identified a patch of baked clay, flint hand axes fractured by intense heat and two fragments of iron pyrite, a mineral that produces sparks when struck against flint. Rob Davis, a Paleolithic archaeologist at the British Museum, said the combination of high temperatures, controlled burning and pyrite fragments shows “how they were actually making the fire and the fact they were making it.” Iron pyrite does not occur naturally at Barnham. Chris Stringer, a human evolution specialist at the Natural History Museum, said fossils from Britain and Spain suggest the inhabitants of Barnham were early Neanderthals whose cranial features and DNA point to growing cognitive and technological sophistication. Archaeologists say the Barnham site fits a wider pattern across Britain and continental Europe between 500,000 and 400,000 years ago, when brain size in early humans began to approach modern levels and when evidence for increasingly complex behavior becomes more visible. Nick Ashton, curator of Paleolithic collections at the British Museum, described it as “the most exciting discovery of my long 40-year career." For archaeologists, the find helps address a long-standing question: When humans stopped relying on lightning strikes and wildfires and instead learned to create flame wherever and whenever they needed it.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/10/southwest-airlines-airport-lounges-ceo-bob-jordan.html
Article: Southwest Airlines is "actively pursuing" the possibility of opening a network of airport lounges, CEO Bob Jordan told CNBC on Wednesday, as the airline industry continues to fight over premium travelers. "And you [would] have a lounge network that allows you to offer that premium credit card that provides lounge access." Southwest is discussing airport leases and lounge possibilities, along with its credit card partner, Chase .

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/10/homeland-security-boeing-737-ice-deportations.html
Article: That Virginia company's CEO and chief financial officer hold identical roles in a separate company, Salus Worldwide Solutions, that has a nearly $1 billion contract with DHS to support voluntary "self-deportation," The Post noted.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/10/small-caps-to-beat-large-next-year-as-economy-broadens-out-ma-picks-up-jefferies-says.html
Article: "The smallest of the small is very cheap; Performs better when market broadens out." Meanwhile, lower interest rates alongside a steeper yield curve should also increase small-cap stocks' performance, DeSanctis said. M & A and deal activity have especially picked up for companies with a market capitalization below $1 billion, making up more than 60% of active deal activity, he added. "Companies want to buy growth, scale matters, and getting bigger makes sense these days." One common way to gain exposure to small-cap names is through the iShares Russell 2000 ETF (IWM) , which is up 14% this year.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/10/student-loan-options-save-forbearance.html
Article: Halfpoint Images | Moment | Getty Images Millions of student loan borrowers whose payments are paused may soon have to start paying, under a Trump administration proposed settlement announced this week. But the Tuesday press release notes that SAVE enrollees would have "a limited time to select a new, legal repayment plan." "We don't know exactly how long this is going to take, but borrowers should understand that they will likely have to make the transition from SAVE to a different repayment plan within months," said Nancy Nierman, assistant director of the Education Debt Consumer Assistance Program in New York City. The Education Department said in the release that it would begin outreach to borrowers "in the coming weeks." In the meantime, here's what experts say borrowers need to know about the end of the SAVE forbearance, and how to prepare to resume payments. Why borrowers are still in SAVE People who remain in the SAVE forbearance are those who signed up for the Biden administration's new repayment plan but then got caught in limbo after that program became mired in legal challenges. Circuit Court of Appeals blocked SAVE and sided with Republican-led states that argued former President Joe Biden lacked the authority to establish the student loan repayment plan, which had the most generous terms to date. If you're pursuing the popular Public Service Loan Forgiveness program, you can use the PSLF Buyback option to make payments — and get credit — for months during which you were enrolled in the SAVE forbearance, as long as you were working for a qualifying employer in that period.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/video/2025/12/10/watch-palestine-prepare-for-historic-fifa-arab-cup-clash-with-saudi-arabia?traffic_source=rss
Article: After finishing on top of their group in the opening round of the 2025 FIFA Arab Cup, Palestine will look to continue their historic run when they face Saudi Arabia at Lusail Stadium on Thursday. Having already beaten hosts and favourites Qatar, who were subsequently eliminated at the group stage, Palestine must now overcome a Saudi Arabia side that produced a shock at the Qatar 2022 FIFA World Cup when they defeated the eventual champions, Argentina.

Link: https://www.latimes.com/california/story/2025-12-10/trump-must-end-national-guard-deployment-in-l-a-judge-rules
Article: A federal judge ruled Wednesday that the Trump administration must immediately end the deployment of the National Guard in Los Angeles, the latest legal blow to the president’s embattled efforts to police American streets with armed soldiers. The court said the esoteric law Trump invoked to wrest command of the Guard from the governor afforded him “a great level of deference” to determine whether a rebellion was underway in Los Angeles, as the Justice Department claimed at the time. But unlike in California, the Oregon decision was subsequently vacated, and is now under review by the appellate court, with one of the original judges appearing to contradict his earlier order in lengthy filing Tuesday. (Etienne Laurent / AFP via Getty Images) Advertisement Department of Justice lawyers have argued that, once federalized, state Guard troops would remain under the president’s command in perpetuity, a position Breyer called “contrary to law” in his ruling Wednesday. “Defendants’ argument for a president to hold unchecked power to control state troops would wholly upend the federalism that is at the heart of our system of government.” California leaders cheered the ruling as a turning of the tide in what until now has been an uphill legal battle to constrain the president’s use of state troops. Rob Bonta called it “a good day for our democracy and the strength of the rule of law.” The order was set to take effect on Monday, though it was all but certain to be appealed to the 9th Circuit.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/medicare-coverage-changing-next-month-11188460
Article: The Continuing Appropriations, Agriculture, Legislative Branch, Military Construction and Veterans Affairs, and Extensions Act extended telehealth options that were enacted during the coronavirus pandemic but ended during the government shutdown. A financial literacy expert told Newsweek, in part, "The extension through January 31, 2026, ensures Medicare recipients will continue to have coverage in this area and even retroactively in the time that the extension had yet to be passed.” Why It Matters Medicare telehealth options allow patients to access health care while still at home, which is beneficial for many elderly Americans who may find it difficult to travel to any actual office or have limited doctors in their area. This means individuals who paid out-of-pocket during the lapse in coverage may now be eligible for refunds,” Kevin Thompson, the CEO of 9i Capital Group and the host of the 9innings podcast, told Newsweek. Any claims that were previously returned during the lapse period are now eligible for payment and should be submitted during this extension window.” More than 66 million Americans rely on Medicare for health coverage each year. What People Are Saying Kevin Thompson, the CEO of 9i Capital Group and the host of the 9innings podcast, told Newsweek: “Telehealth has been a lifeline since the pandemic, giving providers the ability to reach patients, especially in rural or underserved areas who lack easy access to in-person care. If these provisions are not extended further, rural residents and individuals with limited mobility could face serious challenges, including long travel times and reduced access to care that telehealth once helped eliminate.” Alex Beene, a financial literacy instructor for the University of Tennessee at Martin, told Newsweek: “During the pandemic, telehealth became a gamechanger for millions of Americans needing medical assistance, but either not able or concerned to go into a medical facility. The extension through January 31, 2026 ensures Medicare recipients will continue to have coverage in this area and even retroactively in the time that the extension had yet to be passed.” What Happens Next After January 30, the telehealth flexibilities will no longer be permissible, but it’s possible that Congress could extend them further. “That’s a material departure from how original Medicare has historically worked and brings it closer to the utilization management frameworks seniors typically associate with Medicare Advantage,” Ganesh Padmanabhan, founder and CEO of Autonomize AI, told Newsweek.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/wrestling/wwe-makes-big-change-to-saturday-nights-main-event-match-11188488
Article: It was previously made official that the December 13 event, headlined by John Cena’s final match, would feature an undercard bout between Je’Von Evans and TNA X Division Champion Leon Slater versus AJ Styles and Dragon Lee. “At Saturday Night’s Main Event, World Tag Team Champions AJ Styles and Dragon Lee will put their title on the line against two of the hottest prospects in NXT, the explosive Je’Von Evans and TNA X Division Champion Leon Slater,” the official write-up stated.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/donald-trump-legal-blow-day-1-immigration-ban-11186504
Article: Why It Matters Three months after an appeals court allowed most of Donald Trump’s Day-1 refugee suspension to take effect, a federal judge has refused to let the government slow the lawsuit challenging it. What To Know How the Legal Fight Began The executive action sparked a legal challenge in February from refugees and resettlement agencies, who alleged the suspension violated the Refugee Act and the Administrative Procedure Act. Discovery Moves Forward Despite Government Objections As the parties awaited the Ninth Circuit’s full opinion, the government asked the district court to put discovery—the phase of a lawsuit where each side must share documents, evidence, and testimony—on hold, arguing it "would experience hardship were it to be forced to engage in the discovery process" before the appellate ruling. Because the underlying merits remain unresolved, Whitehead concluded that maintaining the case’s momentum serves the interests of both judicial efficiency and the parties’ ability to prepare for eventual merits proceedings. What People Are Saying Donald Trump, on Executive Order 14163 (Day-1 order): "Over the last 4 years, the United States has been inundated with record levels of migration, including through the USRAP." Deepa Alagesan, senior supervising attorney at the International Refugee Assistance Project (IRAP), reacting to the preliminary injunction in the Trump refugee-ban case: "Today, the court recognized that President Trump cannot overrule this country’s laws with the stroke of a pen." Melissa Keaney, IRAP, on the funding/agreements ruling: "The court has been clear yet again: the government’s efforts to dismantle the refugee resettlement system are unlawful and are harming refugees." What Happens Next The case now moves into full discovery, requiring the government to hand over documents and testimony while the Ninth Circuit prepares its still-pending full opinion that will determine which claims ultimately survive.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/kfc-brings-back-viral-menu-item-limited-offer-11186835
Article: In August 2025, KFC announced that, “after relentless fan demand," that culminated in “thousands of social media comments and petition signatures,” the wedges would make a temporary return (in time for National Potato Day on August 19) after a successful market test run in Tampa, Florida, where some stores completely sold out. On December 9, KFC announced it was bringing the Potato Wedges back again—but only for a very limited time—by asking fans on social media to “tell us why wedges should stay on the menu forever. Their fate is in your hands.” In an email received by Newsweek, a KFC representative confirmed this by saying: “The brand is calling for fans on social media to gauge just how much the country wants them back permanently.” Alongside the re-re-launch of the Potato Wedges, the KFC Hot & Spicy Wings—another customer favorite—which were dropped from menus nearly two years ago and were also reintroduced to menus for a limited time in August—are also back on the menu as part of a Wing and Wedge bundle for a 72-hour period. According to the official KFC statement announcing the relaunch of the two fan favorites in August, the wings, which are coated in a spicy marinade and double-breaded in KFC’s ‘Extra Crispy’ flour, pair perfectly with “the crispy-on-the-outside, fluffy-on-the-inside wedges.” From December 9, for 72 hours, KFC customers can purchase wedge and wing combos through two special offers: Wings & Wedges Promotion: $9.99 for six Hot & Spicy Wings, a side of Potato Wedges, one dip, and one drink Wings & Wedges Box: $20 for 10 Hot & Spicy Wings, a side of Potato Wedges, 12 chicken nuggets, four biscuits and four dipping sauces ... What People Are Saying In its previous press release, which announced the relaunch of the Wings and Wedges in August, Catherine Tan-Gillespie, president of KFC U.S., said: "Wedge-lovers, we heard you—and we agree it's been five long years without wedges. It's an example of how we're turning feedback into action as we chart our Kentucky Fried Comeback, a bold, brand-wide rally to give people more reasons to fall in love with us all over again." Mariele Berkowitz, a KFC account supervisor, told Newsweek: “This summer, KFC stunned fans by bringing back its iconic Potato Wedges for a limited run…and the internet lost it. But here’s the twist: this round could determine whether Wedges return to the menu for good.” Some of the responses that KFC has received after its recent Potato Wedges post include: “They’re iconic, historic, a masterpiece that defies time. I'm so tired of every place having the same stuff.” What Happens Next KFC’s decision about whether to make the Potato Wedges permanently available lies in the hands of the KFC fan base.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/brian-cashman-sends-message-to-yankees-amid-tough-winter-meetings-11188551
Article: The New York Yankees seem bound to be one of the more aggressive teams in free agency this winter as they look to chase down the Los Angeles Dodgers and win a World Series.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/red-sox-shockingly-targeting-trade-for-325-million-superstar-report-11187510
Article: "The Red Sox’ wide search for major offensive upgrades at the winter meetings has sent them to the trade market, where they have explored possible deals for at least four different All-Stars, according to a league source," Healey wrote. "They have discussed second baseman Ketel Marte with the Diamondbacks, shortstop Corey Seager with the Rangers, third baseman Isaac Paredes with the Astros, and infielder/outfielder Brendan Donovan with the Cardinals, a source said." Seager is in the middle of a massive $325 million deal that would keep him in Boston for the foreseeable future.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/yankees-checked-in-on-4-time-all-star-kyle-tucker-report-11188280
Article: Jon Heyman of the New York Post reported on Wednesday that the Yankees are among the group of teams that have "checked in" on former Chicago Cubs outfielder Kyle Tucker. "Mets, Yankees, and most all big-market teams (and some others — Baltimore Orioles) have checked in on Kyle Tucker, one of 5 players to post at least a 4 WAR each of the last 5 seasons (Aaron Judge, Shohei Ohtani, Juan Soto, Jose Ramirez)," Heyman wrote on X.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/mlb/blue-jays-skipper-sends-message-on-92-5m-sluggers-future-in-toronto-11188361
Article: After inking a five-year, $92.5 million contract to hit in the middle of the Blue Jays order last winter, Santander put up a paltry .565 OPS in 54 regular season games, accounting for negative-1.0 bWAR. Earlier this week, Ben Nicholson-Smith of Sportsnet reported that Santander's role with the team was "less clear" than fellow underperformer José Berríos, which even suggested to some that Toronto could try to cut bait with the designated hitter/outfielder. However, on Tuesday, Toronto manager John Schneider took a firm stance on how his club feels about Santander, saying he expects big things from the 31-year-old in year two of the deal. Santander was coming off a career year with the Baltimore Orioles, joining a former division rival, and shouldering the weight of expectations that came with a big-time bump in payroll.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/when-are-january-2026-snap-payments-coming-11187325
Article: In Alabama, benefits are issued on the day that corresponds to the final two digits of a case number, so those with numbers ending in 01 receive their payments earlier in the month than those with numbers ending in 99. Benefits will be paid on the following dates, according to where you live: Alabama : January 4 to 23 Alaska : January 1 Arizona : January 1 to 13 Arkansas : January 4 to 13 California : January 1 to 10 Colorado : January 1 to 10 Connecticut : January 1 to 3 Delaware : January 2 to 23 District of Columbia : January 1 to 10 Florida : January 1 to 28 Georgia : January 5 to 23 Guam : January 1 to 10 Hawaii : January 3 to 5 Idaho : January 1 to 10 Illinois : January 1 to 20 Indiana : January 5 to 23 Iowa : January 1 to 10 Kansas : January 1 to 10 Kentucky : January 1 to 19 Louisiana : January 1 to 23 Maine : January 10 to 14 Maryland : January 4 to 23 Massachusetts : January 1 to 14 Michigan : January 3 to 21 Minnesota : January 4 to 13 Mississippi : January 4 to 21 Missouri : January 1 to 22 Montana : January 2 to 6 Nebraska : January 1 to 5 Nevada : January 1 to 10 New Hampshire : January 5 New Jersey : January 1 to 5 New Mexico : January 1 to 20 New York : January 1 to 9 North Carolina : January 3 to 21 North Dakota : January 1 Ohio : January 2 to 20 Oklahoma : January 1 to 10 Oregon : January 1 to 9 Pennsylvania : January 3 to 14 Puerto Rico : January 4 to January 22 Rhode Island : January 1 South Carolina : January 1 to 19 South Dakota : January 10 Tennessee : January 1 to 20 Texas : January 1 to 28 Utah : January 5, 11 and 15 Virgin Islands : January 1 Vermont : January 1 Virginia : January 1 to 7 Washington : January 1 to 20 West Virginia : January 1 to 9 Wisconsin : January 1 to 15 Wyoming: January 1 to 4 ... SNAP Lawsuit President Donald Trump's administration recently warned most Democrat-run states that they risk losing federal Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP) funding if they do not comply with new data-sharing requirements. But several Democratic-led states have filed lawsuits to stop the request, saying they already verify SNAP eligibility and have never shared such large amounts of sensitive beneficiary data with the federal government. Department of Agriculture (USDA) spokesperson told Newsweek: "USDA established a SNAP integrity team to analyze not only data provided by states, but to scrub all available information to end indiscriminate welfare fraud.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/nation-world/texas-health-alert-potentially-deadly-bird-flu-poses-threat-to-animals-including-cats/507-07f03f3d-fb8a-4cc4-b4c6-a586d4c034b6
Article: HOUSTON — Days after we learned that HPAI avian influenza, or bird flu, had been detected in Galveston County, the Texas Parks and Wildlife Department (TPWD) issued its own alert. “The public can assist in interrupting HPAI transmission by limiting all unnecessary contact with wild birds and discouraging the congregation of waterfowl around food, water sources and backyard flocks,” a representative with Texas Parks and Wildlife told KHOU 11. Additional precautions for game bird hunters Dispose of carcasses properly Wear gloves when processing Avoid eating or processing any sick birds Clean and disinfect tools between carcasses Cook meat to the proper temperature Bird flu in Galveston County On December 2, the Galveston County Health District said 27 birds had been reported dead. Pet owners should watch for these symptoms: Sudden or unusual lethargy Loss of appetite Fever Difficulty breathing or rapid breathing Eye or nasal discharge Neurologic symptoms, such as stumbling, tremors or disorientation Sudden death If your pet has any of these symptoms, take them to your veterinarian as soon as possible.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/nation-world/hanukkah-2025-when-is-the-first-night-how-is-it-celebrated/507-c9607112-38a2-444c-b538-1391ff07bf1d
Article: The historical Oxford English Dictionary even lists 24 variations for the holiday (hanucha, Chanuchah, Hanuca, Hanucka, Chanuca, Chanucah, Chanucca, Chanuccah, Chanuka, Chanukah, Chanukka, Chanukkah, Hanucah, Hanucca, Hanuccah, Hanucha, Hanuckah, Hanuka, Hanukah, Hanukka, Hanukkah, Khanukah, Khanukka, and Khanukkah) How many candles are used for Hanukkah?

Link: https://abc13.com/post/dyna-taco-truck-shooting-suspect-charged-murder-death-food-operator-north-houston-police-said/18272177/
Article: Suspect charged with murder in deadly shooting of food truck operator in north Houston, HPD says Police said family members discovered the victim's body after he told them he was closing up the truck, and they had not heard from him. "(The victim) was found by his family members that arrived on scene, as they were worried because they had not heard from him since he said he was going to be closing up," HPD Lt. On Wednesday, nearly a week after the deadly shooting, HPD said an investigation identified Angel Adonis Saldivar-James as the suspect who fired the shot that killed 36-year-old Yaddua Barraza Hernandez.

Link: https://abc7.com/post/should-us-follow-australia-ban-young-kids-social-media/18269430/
Article: Gardner and an handful of others staged a protest outside the Apple store at The Grove in the Fairfax District, demanding that Apple add safeguards to its products to protect children. Four years ago, internal documents from Meta, the parent company of Facebook and Instagram, leaked, showing that those social media platforms contributed to suicidal thoughts and body image problems in teenagers. "This will, on a day-to-day basis, protect a lot of kids from exploitation, and predators and inappropriate content that is being pushed at them every day by these companies," said Nicki Petrossi, the host of the "Scrolling to Death" podcast.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c5y20p7xweko?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Ukraine at critical moment, European leaders say after Trump call 21 minutes ago Share Save Jaroslav Lukiv and Chris Mason , Political editor Share Save EPA/Shutterstock European leaders say "intensive work" will continue in the coming days on a US-led plan to end the Russia-Ukraine war, after a joint phone call with President Donald Trump. UK Prime Minister Sir Keir Starmer, French President Emmanuel Macron and German Chancellor Friedrich Merz said they "agreed that this was a critical moment - for Ukraine, its people and for shared security across the Euro-Atlantic region". In the wide-ranging Politico interview published on Tuesday, Trump also claimed Ukraine was "using war" to avoid holding elections, prompting President Volodymyr Zelensky to reply he was "ready" for them. "Intensive work on the peace plan is continuing and will continue in the coming days." The call lasted for about 45 minutes, and was initiated by the Americans last night. Earlier on Wednesday, Zelensky wrote on social media that a 20-point document on how to end the war would be handed over to the US in "the near future" after "our joint work with President Trump's team and partners in Europe".

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/12/10/nx-s1-5639822/national-guard-la-court-judge-trump
Article: Judge blocks Trump's National Guard deployment in LA with sharp rebuke toggle caption Jim Vondruska/Getty Images The Trump Administration must end its deployment of the National Guard to Los Angeles and return control of the troops to the state, according to a ruling by U.S. Judge Breyer granted a preliminary injunction to California officials who opposed President Trump's use of state troops since June, when the administration seized control of the guard — against Governor Gavin Newsom's wishes — to confront protests against immigration enforcement operations in Los Angeles. Sponsor Message The ruling is the latest in a series of legal setbacks for the Trump administration, which has deployed National Guard troops to several Democratic-led cities across the country, claiming they are needed to crack down on crime and protect federal immigration facilities and officers. That number has since dropped to around 100, but the administration has sought to extend the federalization of the state's guard several times, most recently until February, saying it's still necessary. "That is shocking," Judge Breyer wrote in his ruling on Wednesday, saying that adopting that interpretation of the law would "permit a president to create a perpetual police force comprised of state troops, so long as they were first federalized lawfully." Constitutional law scholars have also expressed concerns in recent months around Trump's federalization of various state National Guards, saying the president is pushing the limits of executive power and normalizing the idea of troops on streets. Breyer's ruling went on to say that the administration's "argument for a president to hold unchecked power to control state troops would wholly upend the federalism that is at the heart of our system of government." In response to NPR's request for comment, White House spokeswoman Abigail Jackson asserted that Trump's deployment of the National Guard to Los Angeles was within his "lawful authority." "We look forward to ultimate victory on the issue," Jackson wrote.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/politics/elon-musk-says-doge-was-only-somewhat-successful-and-he-wouldnt-do-it-again
Article: The Tesla and SpaceX CEO, who also owns the social media platform X, still broadly defended President Donald Trump’s controversial pop-up agency that Musk left in the spring before it shuttered officially last month. Yet Musk bemoaned how difficult it is to remake the federal government quickly, and he acknowledged how much his businesses suffered because of his DOGE work and its lack of popularity. Mega billionaire Elon Musk, in a friendly interview with his aide and conservative influencer Katie Miller, said his efforts leading the Department of Government Efficiency were only “somewhat successful” and he would not do it over again. … Instead of doing DOGE, I would have, basically, built … worked on my companies.” Almost wistfully, Musk added, “They wouldn’t have been burning the cars” — a reference to consumer protests against Tesla. Musk was speaking as a guest on the “Katie Miller Podcast,” which Miller, who is married to top Trump adviser Stephen Miller, launched after leaving government employment to work for Musk in the private sector. The two sat in chairs facing each other for a conversation that lasted more than 50 minutes and spanned topics from DOGE to Musk’s thoughts on AI, social media, conspiracy theories and fashion. Musk credited the agency with saving as much as $200 billion annually in “zombie payments” that he said can be avoided with better automated systems and coding for federal payouts.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/science/humans-were-making-fire-350000-years-earlier-than-previously-thought-study-finds
Article: LONDON (AP) — Scientists in Britain say ancient humans may have learned to make fire far earlier than previously believed, after uncovering evidence that deliberate fire-setting took place in what is now eastern England around 400,000 years ago. A team led by the British Museum identified a patch of baked clay, flint hand axes fractured by intense heat and two fragments of iron pyrite, a mineral that produces sparks when struck against flint. Rob Davis, a Paleolithic archaeologist at the British Museum, said the combination of high temperatures, controlled burning and pyrite fragments shows “how they were actually making the fire and the fact they were making it.” Iron pyrite does not occur naturally at Barnham. Chris Stringer, a human evolution specialist at the Natural History Museum, said fossils from Britain and Spain suggest the inhabitants of Barnham were early Neanderthals whose cranial features and DNA point to growing cognitive and technological sophistication. Archaeologists say the Barnham site fits a wider pattern across Britain and continental Europe between 500,000 and 400,000 years ago, when brain size in early humans began to approach modern levels and when evidence for increasingly complex behavior becomes more visible. Nick Ashton, curator of Paleolithic collections at the British Museum, described it as “the most exciting discovery of my long 40-year career.” For archaeologists, the find helps address a long-standing question: When humans stopped relying on lightning strikes and wildfires and instead learned to create flame wherever and whenever they needed it.

Link: https://www.washingtonpost.com/nation/2025/12/10/ndaa-ivf-coverage-military-families/
Article: Congress is set to pass its $901 billion defense policy bill Wednesday without including insurance coverage for military families to get fertility treatment, dealing a blow to service members and advocates who hoped President Donald Trump’s support for family-building policies would push the benefits across the finish line. The proposed language in the annual National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA) — passed by both the House and Senate in earlier versions of the bill — would have expanded the military’s health care program to cover fertility treatments, including embryo transfers for in vitro fertilization cycles and intrauterine insemination for all service members and their families. It covers IVF and other treatments for families experiencing infertility only because of an injury or illness that happened during active duty — excluding a swath of service members trying to have children under circumstances distinct from most American families. The lawmakers behind the provision to expand the benefits say its exclusion from the NDAA’s final cut hurts military families who had built up hope after hearing Trump championing IVF coverage. For decades, Johnson’s home state of Louisiana has banned the destruction of embryos created during IVF, the only state with such a restriction, requiring fertility clinics to ship the embryos out of state. Asked about the measure’s removal from the NDAA, a spokesperson for Johnson said he had repeatedly signaled support for IVF access “when sufficient pro-life protections are in place.” “He will continue to be supportive when it is done responsibly and ethically,” his spokesperson, Athina Lawson, said in a statement Tuesday. Federal and state Republicans have publicly tussled with maintaining an antiabortion position while supporting IVF since last year, when the Alabama Supreme Court ruled that frozen embryos were children and people could face legal consequences for destroying them. Trump, then a presidential candidate, posted on social media that he supported IVF and pressed Alabama lawmakers to “find an immediate solution.” Still, conservatives’ competing views made IVF coverage collateral damage in the defense bill, the provision’s backers said. Tammy Duckworth (D-Illinois), a combat veteran who had two children through IVF and sponsored the provision, said Johnson striking it was another example of Republicans surrendering to “far-right extremists” who don’t support the procedure. In a letter to members of the House and Senate Armed Services committees last month, 15 military advocacy groups wrote that, among other factors, deployments, frequent duty-station moves and exposure to toxins make building families a unique challenge for service members. “We had the opportunity, not once but now twice to add this into the NDAA, and it is not there to help people who already sacrifice so much, up to and including their life,” Deady said. Congressional Democrats who plan to vote for the NDAA condemned the IVF provision’s exclusion, but said they would approve the bill because it had still made strides for service members, namely a nearly 4 percent raise. Adam Smith (D-Washington), a member of the House Armed Services Committee, scorned the NDAA changes that he said were made without broad agreement from lawmakers, the IVF expansion among them. “I am disappointed these items were excluded from the final text and will keep working with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to advocate for them going forward,” Smith said.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/trump-ramps-anti-immigrant-rhetoric-embraces-phrase-hole/story?id=128279166
Article: Anna Moneymaker/Getty Images Trump admits to saying 's---hole countries' Trump on Tuesday also recalled a 2018 meeting in which he told a group of senators behind closed doors that the U.S. ABC News reported that in the 2018 Oval Office meeting with senators, Trump expressed frustration over the visa lottery program and asked those in the room why they would want people from Haiti, Africa and other "s---hole countries" coming into the United States." In his denial then, Trump accused Democrats in the meeting of making up comments attributed to him and said that he "probably should record future meetings." Notably, the president back then did not deny he suggested that America should admit more immigrants from places such as Norway -- comments that were confirmed by multiple sources with direct knowledge of the conversations. Andrew Caballero-Reynolds/AFP via Getty Images But in his speech on Tuesday, Trump embraced the expletive as he boasted about pausing immigration applications from what he called "third-world countries" including "hellholes like Afghanistan, Haiti, Somalia and many other countries." Someone in the audience then yelled the word "s---hole." "I didn't say 's---hole,' you did," Trump quipped. They came in, the Democrats, they wanted to be bipartisan, so they came in and they said, 'This is totally off the record, nothing mentioned here, we want to be honest,' because our country was going to hell." "And we had a meeting, and I say, 'Why is it we only take people from s---hole countries,' right?

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Entertainment/wireStory/james-patterson-500-checks-600-booksellers-128283558
Article: (Photo by Taylor Jewell/Invision/AP, File) NEW YORK -- Melanie Moore, who runs the Ohio-based Cincy Book Bus, is one of hundreds of booksellers who received a pleasant surprise for the holidays: a check for $500 from author James Patterson. All profits from the bookstore go to buy books for kids in need,” Moore said in a statement released through Patterson's publisher, Little, Brown & Company, which announced the bonuses Wednesday. “This gift from James Patterson will be my very first paycheck!” Over the past 20 years, Patterson has donated millions of dollars to schools, libraries, literacy programs and others in the book community. The list for 2025 ranges from Katie Gabriello, social media coordinator for Whitelam Books in Reading, Massachusetts, to store manager Kate Czyzewski of Thunder Road Books in Spring Lake, New Jersey. I’m happy to be able to acknowledge them and their hard work this holiday season.” One of the world's most popular and prolific authors, Patterson received an honorary National Book Award medal in 2015 for his “Outstanding Service to the American Literary Community.”

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/10/stocks-making-the-biggest-moves-midday-plab-avav-cart-gev.html
Article: Check out the companies making the biggest moves midday: Photronics — The maker of flat panel display components rallied more than 37% on better-than-expected results for its fiscal fourth quarter. Maplebear — The grocery delivery platform stumbled 6% after Amazon announced in a blog post that its same-day perishable grocery delivery service, a direct competitor to Instacart, has expanded to more than 2,300 cities and towns. "As a seller of spectrum, SATS shares are either immune or stand to benefit from rising competition among US wireless carriers, creating a unique risk/reward relative to the broader industry," analysts at the bank said.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/10/un-rights-office-in-survival-mode-amid-deep-funding-cuts?traffic_source=rss
Article: Volker Turk, the UN high commissioner for human rights, said on Wednesday that the Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights has $90m less than it needs this year. A significant reduction has also come from the United States, where the administration of US President Donald Trump has repeatedly questioned the role of the UN, withdrawing from UN agencies and supporting a congressional rescission that removed funding for international organisations, including the UN. The warning from Turk comes as the UN Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs (OCHA), which handles humanitarian aid and crisis response, launches a $23bn appeal for 2026 while also facing cuts of its own, acknowledging that a sharp drop in donor support means tens of millions of people in urgent need will be left without assistance. The largest request is for the occupied Palestinian territory, with $4bn mostly aimed at Gaza, where Israel’s genocidal war against the Palestinian people has left almost all 2.3 million residents displaced and dependent on aid. Another $1.4bn is requested for communities affected by violence in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, more than $2bn for emergency support inside Syria, and nearly $3bn for Syrian refugees.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/10/us-federal-judge-halts-trumps-national-guard-operations-in-california?traffic_source=rss
Article: A federal judge has blocked the Trump administration’s deployment of National Guard troops to Los Angeles, California, ordering that they must be returned to the authority of the state governor. President Donald Trump’s deployments of the National Guard to cities across the country have often occurred despite resistance from state and local officials and in the absence of any serious emergency conditions. Democratic officials such as California Governor Gavin Newsom have slammed the troop deployment as an authoritarian power grab meant to stifle dissent in cities seen as hubs of resistance to the Trump administration. Newsom’s office reacted to the Wednesday ruling with a social media post celebrating “Another W (win) for Democracy, L (loss) for the rule of the Don.” Advertisement The US president has frequently used alarming language to attack Democrat-run cities and immigrant communities as filthy and crime-infested, and has said that he could use the military more regularly to fight “the enemy within”.

Link: https://www.latimes.com/environment/story/2025-12-10/zone-zero-early-adopters-fared-better-in-la-county-fires-report-finds
Article: As the Eaton and Palisades fires rapidly jumped between tightly packed houses, the proactive steps some residents took to retrofit their homes with fire-resistant building materials and to clear flammable brush became a significant indicator of a home’s fate. Early adopters who cleared vegetation and flammable materials within the first five feet of their houses’ walls — in line with draft rules for the state’s hotly debated “zone zero” regulations — fared better than those who didn’t, an on-the-ground investigation from the Insurance Institute for Business and Home Safety published Wednesday found. Advertisement On properties where the majority of zone zero land was covered in vegetation and flammable materials, the fires destroyed 27% of homes; On properties with less than a quarter of zone zero covered, only 9% were destroyed. The Insurance Institute for Business and Home Safety, an independent research nonprofit funded by the insurance industry, performed similar investigations for Colorado’s 2012 Waldo Canyon fire, Hawaii’s 2023 Lahaina fire and California’s Tubbs, Camp and Woolsey fires of 2017 and 2018. Travis Longcore, senior associate director and an adjunct professor at the UCLA Institute of the Environment and Sustainability, cautioned that the insurance nonprofit’s results are only exploratory: The team did not analyze whether other factors, such as the age of the homes, were influencing their zone zero analysis, and how the nonprofit characterizes zone zero for its report, he noted, does not exactly mirror California’s draft regulations. Advertisement Meanwhile, Michael Gollner, an associate professor of mechanical engineering at UC Berkeley who studies how wildfires destroy and damage homes, noted that the nonprofit’s sample does not perfectly represent the entire burn areas, since the group focused specifically on damaged properties and were constrained by the active firefight. Nonetheless, the nonprofit’s findings help tie together growing evidence of zone zero’s effectiveness from tests in the lab — aimed at identifying the pathways fire can use to enter a home — with the real-world analyses of which measures protected homes in wildfires, Gollner said. A recent study from Gollner looking at more than 47,000 structures in five major California fires (which did not include the Eaton and Palisades fires) found that of the properties that removed vegetation from zone zero, 37% survived, compared with 20% that did not. Advertisement When looking at California Department of Forestry and Fire Protection data for the entirety of the two fires, the insurance team found that “hardened” homes in Altadena and the Palisades that had noncombustable roofs, fire-resistant siding, double-pane windows and closed eaves survived undamaged at least 66% of the time, if they were at least 20 feet away from other structures. “The spacing between structures, it’s the most definitive way to differentiate what survives and what doesn’t,” said Roy Wright, president and chief executive of the Insurance Institute for Business and Home Safety. At the same time, said Wright, “it’s not feasible to change that.” Looking at steps that residents are more likely to be able to take, the insurance nonprofit found that the best approach is for homeowners to apply however many home hardening and defensible space measures that they can. “As the Board and subcommittee consider which set of options best balance safety, urgency, and public feasibility, we are also shifting our focus to implementation and looking to state leaders to identify resources for delivering on this first-in-the-nation regulation,” Tony Andersen, executive officer of the board, said in a statement. “The need is urgent, but we also want to invest the time necessary to get this right.” Home hardening and defensible space are just two of many strategies used to protect lives and property.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/yankees-gm-hints-team-may-be-open-to-trade-polarizing-all-star-11188844
Article: New York has been rumored to be targeting nearly every big-name free agent, but has yet to pull off a big move aside from bringing back outfielder Trent Grisham on a qualifying offer. In addition to not bringing in more talent, the team lost a key piece of its bullpen when reliever Devin Williams signed with the New York Mets in free agency. “(Chisholm) is somebody who I think is currently part of the solution, someone who has made us better by getting him two deadlines ago and giving us athleticism,” Cashman said, per The Athletic's Chris Kirschner. … But the job is to be open-minded to anything, everything, regardless.” The Yankees boasted one of the best offenses in baseball this season, scoring the most runs and hitting the most home runs.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/entertainment/music/andre-lawrence-interview-corduroy-album-11187360
Article: I made this, one song I was kind of cool at my high school, and I just kept doing it because it was fun and awesome.” Forging the Fabric For Lawrence, skating became a major part of his life, despite his claim that he “wasn't even that nice” on wheels. Lawrence credits those sessions as foundational, saying, “The competitive edge of it has definitely carried on into the way I view rapping.” “I just love rap above all else, and it definitely built that in me, because even with the piano and singing, it didn't really catch me the same way that rapping did," he said. “I was a J Cole fan as a kid, I'd always watched the way he grinded writing,” Lawrence said of what motivated him early on and helped lay the work for a solid lyrical foundation. “Writing when I wake up, I'd write, and I'd write on the subway, and I'd write before bed, and I was constantly writing.” As Lawrence crafted his skill and became more comfortable behind the mic, he began to embrace the beauty of brevity, leading to his latest project, Corduroy. "Then from Dustrial Denim to Corduroy, I was getting so in love with this new indie space while still loving rap, and I was making music with a lot of different people. I want people to think I write good songs.’” Sewing the Seams “It was definitely also this vibe of I don't want to be a boom bap rapper," Lawrence said. "I still want to be a rapper, and I still want to rap, and I want to do right by hip hop, but I didn't like the idea of only rapping sixteens on stage. I don't know, it felt more like me.” The title Corduroy continues the fabric theme of Lawrence’s Dustrial Denim while also alluding to the project’s textured but tough soundscape: “Corduroy has little grooves, and like this album is super, like groovy, and there's like, kind of elements of funk, but it's also really soft. I really wanted to try and make a project where the hooks are musical and the rapping is tough,” said Lawrence on the making of the smooth yet poignantly self-aware Corduroy. “I also think that as a white person in hip hop, it's really important to already be aware of the dynamic and make sure my foundation and what I get big off of isn't just one thing, because then if I switch off later on, it's kind of doing a little injustice to hip hop as a whole,” he said. “I also don't want to be that white rapper that comes out, and then I'm like, ‘it's been bottled in for so long, Alright, I'm gonna make an indie album.’ I've started with a Just Blaze soul sample rap album, and six albums in, I'm making indie music now," stated Lawrence. So I was like, ‘Why don't I just incorporate these elements into a rap album that I love, and once I made this decision to do it, it wasn't as scary.” Corduroy is available to stream now.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/record-breaking-floods-spark-warning-major-damage-river-levees-11188116
Article: River levees across Washington state are at risk of "major damage" this week amid record-breaking river water levels as a strong atmospheric river pummels the Pacific Northwest with extreme rainfall. A strong atmospheric river slammed into the Pacific Northwest on Monday, with prolonged rainfall continuing to cause significant flooding concerns across the state, as well as into Oregon, on Wednesday. In an email to reporters on Wednesday, AccuWeather said that "nearly every small stream and short-run river in western Washington and Oregon will reach at least minor to moderate flood stage." As of Wednesday, around noon Eastern time, 18 river points were projected to reach major flood levels in Washington. According to NOAA, a major flood level means "extensive inundation of structures and roads, significant evacuations of people and/or transfer of property to higher elevations." The forecast is up from 14 river points on Tuesday. Flood Map as Rivers Hit Record Water Levels in Washington Of the rivers currently in major flood stage, several have either already broken water level records or are on track to do so later this week as more rain pours into the region. A stage of 33 feet on the Snohomish River corresponds to a Phase 4 in the Snohomish County flood program." Snohomish River near Monroe The Snohomish River is also set to flood at its Monroe river gauge, with record water levels of 25.88 feet expected by Thursday evening, barely edging out the previous record of 25.3 feet set in 1990. Yakima River at Easton On Tuesday morning, the Yakima River at Easton hit record-breaking levels when it rose to 57.01 feet, breaking the previous record of 55.28 feet set in 1990. Skagit River near Mt Vernon The NWPS warned that "the Skagit River will cause severe near record flooding from Sedro Woolley downstream through Mount Vernon to the mouth." Roads will be inundated and possibly damaged by "deep and swift flood waters," and "levees may be damaged." The river is currently rising and is set to hit record-breaking flood levels of 41.54 feet by Friday morning. "Levees east of Sedro Woolley may be damaged." Puyallup River near Orting The Puyallup River is currently in major flood stage near Orting, with an expected crest of 12.5 feet by Wednesday afternoon. Flood Warnings Issued The National Weather Service (NWS) has issued numerous flood warnings across Washington state as the storm progresses, warning motorists not to drive through flooded roadways, as most flood deaths occur in vehicles. "A prolonged atmospheric river will continue to bring gusty winds, heavy rainfall which may lead to urban and river flooding with possible landslides, and heavy inter-mountain snow over the Pacific Northwest into the northern Rockies through Thursday," the NWS said in a Wednesday forecast.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/wrestling/top-wwe-superstar-teases-major-character-change-11188813
Article: Four months shy of her 40th birthday, Flair is showing that age shouldn’t be a barrier to women in the wrestling industry as she continues to perform at the highest level. “I hope just all of this opportunity with her and wherever that story goes, when I do get to go back to being like the solo evil queen, that it just means that much more because I had the opportunity to do this,” Flair said.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nfl/cleveland-browns-shedeur-sanders-trade-talk-indianapolis-colts-11188892
Article: The Cleveland Browns have named Shedeur Sanders their starting quarterback for the remainder of the season, giving him a chance to prove that he can be a long-term option for the franchise. Sanders may not end up being of interest to the Colts, but they're a team worth monitoring as a potential destination of the Browns place him on the trade block.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nfl/kyler-murray-wanted-control-over-cardinals-roster-draft-strategy-report-11188760
Article: While the Cardinals appeased their star player by trading for his close friend, Marquise "Hollywood" Brown, in 2022, Weinfuss reiterated that a majority of Murray’s demands were dismissed and ignored. More news: Jalen Hurts Just Did Something That’s Never Happened in the NFL Before In his seventh season as the team’s starting quarterback, Murray has never found his footing in the desert. He has zero playoff wins in his career, and his inconsistency on and off the field, due to injuries, has hampered the team’s ability to navigate a difficult NFC West division. Although he has two years left on his 5-year, $230 million contract he signed in the summer of 2022, speculation points to a divorce between the two sides coming this offseason.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/mlb/mets-lose-star-free-agent-to-orioles-on-massive-155-million-deal-report-11188836
Article: More news: All-Star Closer Signs $19 Million Free Agent Deal With AL Contender: Report The Orioles have swept Alonso out from the New York Mets' feet, according to multiple reports, signing the free agent first baseman to a five-year, $155 million contract. The blockbuster deal caps a dramatic week at the Winter Meetings that saw the two premier sluggers on the market — Alonso and Kyle Schwarber — opt to sign elsewhere after being courted by the Mets in free agency. More news: Mets Lose Free Agent Pitcher to Padres According to Joel Sherman of the New York Post, Alonso's contract does not give him the right to opt out, or include any salary deferrals.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/articles-of-impeachment-introduced-against-pete-hegseth-11188538
Article: Democratic Representative Shri Thanedar introduced articles of impeachment against Secretary of Defense Pete Hegseth on Tuesday, a step he signaled earlier this month, saying in a video announcement on X that the articles were “for murder and conspiracy to murder and reckless and unlawful mishandling of classified information.” The move is unlikely to succeed under the current Republican majority. Why It Matters Hegseth remains under scrutiny for his handling of recent strikes in the Caribbean and Pacific Ocean, aimed at alleged drug smuggling vessels, as well as the so-called "Signal Gate" in March. Hegseth had sent messages in a group chat, which included The Atlantic's editor-in-chief, that included real-time information on American troops' movements as they prepared to strike Houthi targets in Yemen. Explaining his decision, he said Hegseth's actions "are not just reprehensible but illegal as well." Thanedar wrote on X, "I love America and will do everything I can to protect our Constitution from all enemies, foreign and domestic. Lawmakers have been pressing Hegseth to release unedited footage and specific orders related to a series of strikes, including the second attack that killed survivors, on an alleged drug boat in the Caribbean, raising concerns over legality, accountability and possible war crimes. Michiganders cannot take another day of his chaos." Pentagon spokesperson Kingsley Wilson told Axios earlier this month: "While Shri tries to win points with his base to fend off his political opponents, Secretary Hegseth will continue to protect the homeland. This is just another charade in an attempt to distract the American people from the major successes we have had here at the Department of War." Democratic House Leader Hakeem Jeffries said during a December press conference regarding Thanedar's plan: "Republicans will never allow articles of impeachment to be brought to the floor of the House of Representatives, and we know that's the case...Donald Trump will order them not to do it." What Happens Next Neither impeachment effort is expected to advance in the GOP-controlled Congress.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nfl/travis-kelce-gets-brutally-honest-about-chiefs-playoff-chances-after-texans-loss-11188533
Article: After Sunday night’s 20-10 loss to the Houston Texans, during which they were shut out in the first half, the Chiefs fell to 6-7 overall and were mathematically eliminated from claiming the AFC West, ending a streak of 10 straight division titles. Despite the challenges, Chiefs tight end Travis Kelce spoke candidly about his and the team’s outlook during the latest episode of the “New Heights” podcast released on Wednesday "It's been a tough [explicit] go around the last 2 days," Kelce said. I feel like l've always had the answers in years past and this year I just can't find them … Obviously, looking at the playoffs, it's a tough reality to be in, especially with - I don't know, just how we've always found a way in years past. You put in all this work to be there for your guys, and I just wasn't that." More news: Rams’ Puka Nacua Ignites Locker Room Drama After Violating NFL Rules More news: Colts Make Big Quarterback Move After Philip Rivers Announcement Whether the Chiefs make the playoffs or not, it’s shaping up to be an important offseason for Travis Kelce. At 36, he’ll soon need to decide on his NFL future—whether that’s returning to Kansas City on a potential short-term deal, testing free agency, or retiring, an option he seriously considered after Super Bowl LIX last season. Even though Kelce’s numbers have dipped from his peak, he remains one of the league’s most productive tight ends this season, totaling 60 receptions for 727 yards and five touchdowns. From there, they would need the Chargers to lose at least three of their last four — including one against the Denver Broncos — or hope the Texans lose three of four.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/ncaa/uconn-coach-dan-hurley-makes-bold-claim-on-title-chances-after-florida-win-11188697
Article: The UConn Huskies Men's basketball team achieved a big victory on Tuesday night, exacting revenge on the Florida Gators, who eliminated them from last season's NCAA Tournament before going on to win the national championship. Read more: UConn Huskies Get Major Taris Reed Jr Injury Update for Florida Game The team led 39-32 at the half, and stayed the course in the second half, never trailing by a deficit they couldn't recover from. Following his team's performance at Madison Square Garden, Hurley shared his thoughts about how good this UConn team is, also claiming it could be the "most balanced" version of the Huskies he's coached thus far. While Hurley indicated the team needs to improve its rebounding, he also believes the team, 9-1 after defeating Florida, is headed towards its goal of playing in the NCAA Tournament and potentially winning another championship.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/mike-johnson-jasmine-crockett-texas-senate-run-11188430
Article: "I think it's one of the greatest things that's happened to the Republican Party in a long, long time," Johnson told reporters at a news conference Wednesday after rubbing his hands together. "I want her to have the largest, loudest microphone that she can every single day." Crockett has said that part of her campaign is fueled by the backlash she's received from Republicans, noting that the president often speaks about her. Her candidacy—widely viewed as polarizing due to her combative style and prior confrontations with President Donald Trump and Texas Governor Greg Abbott—has become a flashpoint in debates about Democratic prospects in a state the party has not won statewide since 1988. What To Know Speaker Johnson made the comments when asked by a reporter during a regular press conference Wednesday, implying that he felt Crockett's run would mean a win for Republicans in Texas. And what Jasmine is trying to sell will not be purchased by the folks in Texas." Crockett filed paperwork Monday to initiate her campaign for the Democratic nomination to the U.S. Polls indicate Crockett holds high name recognition among Democrats but also polarizing unfavorability numbers; a Change Research poll showed 84 percent name recognition and 49 percent definite opposition among state Democrats surveyed, while a University of Houston and Texas Southern University poll found her leading the Democratic primary field with 31 percent. And what Jasmine is trying to sell will not be purchased by the folks in Texas." James Talarico, Texas State Representative and Democratic Senate candidate, said in a statement to Newsweek Monday: "We’re building a movement in Texas—fueled by record-breaking grassroots fundraising and 10,000 volunteers who are putting in the work to defeat the billionaire megadonors and puppet politicians who have taken over our state. Our movement is rooted in unity over division—so we welcome Congresswoman Crockett into this race." Ken Paxton, Texas Attorney General, said in a statement emailed to Newsweek Monday: "Crazy Jasmine Crockett is going to lose by double digits in the general, but John Cornyn has ALREADY—nearly six months out from the runoff—stolen $40 million that should have gone to Senate races in Georgia, NC, Michigan, etc. Even after lighting all that money on fire he's still so unpopular in Texas that he's in third place in the primary, unless of course he's paying for the poll. representative and former Senate candidate, said in a statement reported by CBS Monday: "I’ve come to believe that a bruising Senate Democratic primary and runoff would prevent the Democratic Party from going into this critical election unified against the danger posed…by Donald Trump and one of his Republican bootlickers Paxton, Cornyn, or Hunt.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/elon-musk-regrets-doge-says-tesla-spacex-suffered-11188819
Article: Elon Musk said he regrets leading the Department of Government Efficiency (DOGE), telling former agency spokeswoman Katie Miller that his work for the Trump administration was only “somewhat successful” and ultimately not worth the strain it placed on his businesses. In a lengthy interview on the “Katie Miller Podcast,” the Tesla and SpaceX CEO said he would not repeat his time heading the short-lived agency, commonly known as DOGE, which the White House shuttered last month. … Instead of doing DOGE, I would have, basically, worked on my companies.” Why It Matters Musk departed the administration in the spring after months of controversy surrounding the group’s rapid takeover of federal data systems and its aggressive mandate to cut spending. What To Know Last month, Scott Kupor, director of the Office of Personnel Management (OPM), told Reuters that DOGE "doesn’t exist" and will no longer function as a "centralized entity," despite the fact that eight months remain on the 18-month agenda outlined by the White House on January 20. Despite the turbulence, Musk continued to defend the agency’s purpose, saying DOGE identified as much as $200 billion annually in what he called “zombie payments” that could be eliminated with better automation.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nba/mavericks-big-man-to-undergo-season-ending-surgery-11188559
Article: Lively's production took a minor dip from last season through his seven appearances in 2025-26, as he averaged just 4.3 points and 5.3 rebounds on 16.4 minutes per game after posting 8.7 points and 7.5 rebounds per game last season. More news: Nets Looking to Trade Disgruntled 21 PPG Scorer All three of Lively's NBA seasons have come with the Mavericks, and he played a key role in their run to the NBA Finals in 2024. With their first two choices at the five out, the Mavericks have given Anthony Davis a similar role to the one he played on the Lakers, sliding him over to center and giving P.J. More news: NBA Insider Puts Kendrick Perkins on Blast for Anthony Davis Trade Rumor Dallas currently sit 11th in the Western Conference with a 9-16 record, but are looking to turn their season around after a win against the fourth-place Houston Rockets on Saturday.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/nation-world/mcdonalds-pulls-ai-generated-christmas-ad/507-0db86f78-adbf-4d71-881c-7837cdab69ed
Article: The commercial, produced by Dutch ad agency TBWA\Neboko and U.S.-based production company The Sweetshop, portrayed holiday mishaps under the tagline “the most terrible time of the year,” ultimately suggesting Christmas might be better spent at McDonald’s.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/nation-world/elon-musk-doge-comments-2025/507-2183e7e4-b5b2-46fb-8721-9000fca7b61a
Article: In a new episode of "The Katie Miller Podcast," released Tuesday, Musk said the department, known as DOGE, had been a "little bit successful" in its goal of cutting federal spending and regulations. The Tesla and SpaceX CEO, who also owns the social media platform X, still broadly defended President Donald Trump's controversial pop-up agency that Musk left in the spring before it shuttered officially last month. Miller and Musk sat in chairs facing each other for a conversation that lasted more than 50 minutes and spanned topics from DOGE to Musk's thoughts on AI, social media, conspiracy theories and fashion. For example, there was probably $100, maybe $200 billion worth of zombie payments per year, which, simply by enforcing that there be a payment code and an explanation for the payment, the payment would not go out." Musk reshaped the federal bureaucracy, firing and pushing out thousands of federal workers during his tumultuous tenure.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/health/dallas-vaping-ban-data-e-cigarettes-teens/287-cb5dd90f-9983-4ba8-8e65-ff2367853ce1
Article: The number of teens who have ever used an E-cigarette has declined in recent years, dropping from a high of 35% in 2016 to its lowest point in 2023, data shows.

Link: https://abc7chicago.com/post/kris-boyd-shooting-suspect-frederick-green-charged-jets-nfl-football-player-shot-outside-sei-less-nyc/18272272/
Article: NEW YORK -- Frederick Green, 20, of the New York City, was arraigned late Tuesday night and faces charges of attempted murder, assault and criminal possession of a weapon following the November shooting of Jets player Kris Boyd in Midtown Manhattan. His defense attorney had requested home detention and bail, but prosecutors successfully argued that Green was a flight risk because he had cut off most of his hair following the Nov. Detectives recovered video of the shooting outside Sei Less on West 38th Street that shows the altercation between Green and Boyd ended when Green "briefly took a shooter's stance by extending his arm outward" and fired two shots, according to the criminal complaint. He has four prior arrests, one for reckless endangerment in 2024 and three others that are sealed, unlawful possession of personal identification and criminal possession of a controlled substance earlier this year and a robbery arrest in 2018, when he was a juvenile.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cqxq3g9g4eyo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Palestine Action hunger strikers call for urgent meeting with ministers 15 minutes ago Share Save Dominic Casciani Home and legal correspondent Share Save Getty Images According to the lawyers, two of the group had refused food for 37 days and five have spent periods in hospital Lawyers for eight remand prisoners who are on hunger strike while waiting to go on trial for alleged offences relating to Palestine Action are calling for an urgent meeting with ministers. In a letter seen by the BBC, the lawyers tell Deputy Prime Minister and Justice Secretary David Lammy that there is a "real and increasingly likely potential" their clients will die in prison as part of their protest. The protests taking place in five different prisons involve eight people who have all been charged with offences relating to alleged break-ins or criminal damage on behalf of Palestine Action, charges that are denied, before the group was banned under terrorism legislation. Four of the group are accused of playing roles in the break-in to an Israeli-linked defence firm in 2024 and are due to go on trial in May next year at the earliest. In the letter sent to Lammy on Tuesday, lawyers for Qesser Zuhrah, Amy Gardiner-Gibson, Jon Cink, Heba Muraisi, Teuta Hoxha and Kamran Ahmed say they have all been refusing food since early November. "Five of our clients have already been hospitalised during their strike." The protest began over a series of demands including a call for the ban on Palestine Action to be lifted and for a defence firm with links to Israel to be shut down. The protesters say they have been denied bail, which they want, or a fair trial - although they have faced the same legal process as other defendants in Crown Court trials - hearings that have been independently witnessed by journalists. "We are concerned that, should this situation be allowed to continue without resolution, there is the real and increasingly likely potential that young British citizens will die in prison, having never even been convicted of an offence. "We therefore request an urgent meeting with you, in an attempt to resolve this situation, before it becomes too late to avoid the death of one or more of our clients." Getty Images The protests are taking place in five different prisons

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/12/10/nx-s1-5639795/can-the-lessons-of-1929-help-us-avert-another-economic-crisis
Article: FA: Andrew Ross Sorkin Listen · 44:04 44:04 New York Times financial columnist Andrew Ross Sorkin draws parallels between the stock market crash of 1929, which led to the Great Depression, and today's economic uncertainty.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/world/building-collapse-in-moroccan-city-of-fez-kills-at-least-22
Article: MAP reported that the structures were built in 2006 during an initiative called “City Without Slums.” Fez is Morocco’s third-largest city and one of the hosts of this month’s Africa Cup of Nations and the 2030 FIFA World Cup.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/video/video-captures-plane-landing-florida-highway-crashing-car-128287616
Article: Video captures plane landing on Florida highway, crashing into car Eyewitnesses are speaking out after video captured a small plane apparently losing power before descending quickly to make an emergency landing and crashing on top of a car on I-95.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/san-francisco-woman-birth-waymo-driving-taxi-128287190
Article: Waymo's self-driving taxis have been in the spotlight for both negative and positive reasons SAN FRANCISCO -- Self-driving Waymo taxis have gone viral for negative reasons involving the death of a beloved San Francisco bodega cat and pulling an illegal U-turn in front of police who were unable to issue a ticket to a nonexistent driver. The mother was on her way to the University of California, San Francisco medical center Monday when she delivered inside the robotaxi, said a Waymo spokesperson in a statement Wednesday. In September, a Waymo pulled a U-turn in front of a sign telling drivers not to do that, and social media users dumped on the San Bruno Police because state law prohibited officers from ticketing the car.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Business/wireStory/mackenzie-scott-26b-nonprofits-2019-supported-2025-128287571
Article: The billionaire and author MacKenzie Scott revealed $7.1 billion in donations to nonprofits Tuesday, bringing her overall giving since 2019 to $26.3 billion MacKenzie Scott has given $26B to nonprofits since 2019. When the list of 2025 recipients was published Tuesday, it included a number of significant gifts to climate groups, with the largest — $90 million — going to the collaborative Forests, People, Climate, which focuses on stopping tropical deforestation. Initially, Scott told grantees not to expect or plan for a second gift, but over time, she has given additional gifts to some of the same organizations, often larger than her original grant. At least one organization, CAMFED, which supports girl's education in African countries, has now received four gifts from Scott, including the largest so far, $60 million, in 2025, according to Scott's website. In addition to at least $783 million Scott gave to historically Black colleges and universities in 2025, her website details many gifts to tribal colleges, community colleges and scholarship funds. Marybeth Gasman, a professor at Rutgers University and expert on HBCUs, said she noticed that what sets many of the HBCUs who receive Scott's funding apart from others is steady, consistent leadership and Gasman said, “She’s very interested in institutions that are rooted in community.” Scott does not put any conditions on her donations, allowing recipients to decide how and when to spend the funds. Additionally, Scott allows groups the flexibility to decide whether to publicly share how much they've received, with more than a third of recipients in 2025 not disclosing the grant amounts in Scott's grant database. "So it’s very different than many other philanthropists who are often the center of the story of their gift.” ___ Associated Press coverage of philanthropy and non-profits receives support through the AP’s collaboration with The Conversation US, with funding from Lilly Endowment Inc.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Entertainment/wireStory/sundance-2026-lineup-unveiled-charli-xcx-olivia-wilde-128284395
Article: He said the lineup for the festival's final year in Park City “really honors that well with this mixture of new, exciting voices paired with some really, really great familiar faces from Sundances past that I think will create a great alchemy for this really unique edition in Utah.” Ever a festival of discovery, of the 90 features culled from 4,255 submissions, 40% are from first-time directors. Charli XCX plays a rising pop star prepping for her first arena tour in the mockumentary “The Moment,” which Hernandez said is “like her version of ‘This is Spinal Tap’.” She also appears in Araki’s “I Want Your Sex,” in which Cooper Hoffman plays an intern who gets wrapped up in the world of an artist and provocateur (Wilde). “It’s great to have someone who represents sort of a next generation of creativity embracing the world that we inhabit.” This year’s slate includes more than a few exciting comedies in unexpected places. Cathy Yan directed and co-wrote “The Gallerist,” a satirical look at the art world and attempting to sell a corpse at Art Basel Miami, with a large ensemble including Portman, Ortega, Sterling K. David Wain also has “Gail Daughtry and the Celebrity Sex Pass” about a woman out to even the score after her fiance uses the “free pass,” starring Zoey Deutch and Jon Hamm. Programmer Kim Yutani said she thinks “Wicker,” about a woman who asks a basket maker to weave her a husband, starring Colman and Skarsgård, will be a big crowd pleaser. Other standouts are Jay Duplass’s grief-themed “See You When I See You,” with Cooper Raiff and David Duchovny, “Ha-Chan, Shake Your Booty!” set inside Tokyo’s ballroom dance scene and Wilde’s “The Invite,” about a crumbling marriage in which she stars alongside Rogen. There are some quirky, humorous documentaries too, including “Joybubbles” and John Wilson’s “The History of Concrete.” Sundance has become famous for its documentary programming, many of which go on to be nominated for and win Oscars. “These documentaries, they're incredibly sophisticated, they’re very mindful of how complex world issues are, and they bring you into that process.” One that might make waves is “When A Witness Recants,” in which author Ta-Nehisi Coates revisits the case of the 1983 murder of a boy in his Baltimore middle school and learns the truth. “It’s about the power of community to affect change, the power of one person who you haven’t heard of necessarily.” Those include “Jane Elliott Against the World,” about an Iowa schoolteacher who taught anti-discrimination in 1968, and “Seized,” about the police raid on the Marion County Record in Kansas. New talents often emerge from Sundance, like Eva Victor last year with “Sorry, Baby.” This year programmers noted several gems in the lineup, including Beth de Araújo’s “Josephine,” about an 8-year-old who witnesses a crime, with Tatum and Gemma Chan. TV veteran Molly Manners’ “Extra Geography,” about boarding school friends in England, is one that Nein said is one of the funniest, most sophisticated debut features that he’s seen from the U.K. He also spotlighted “LADY,” a first feature from Nigerian filmmaker Olive Nwosu about a cab driver in Lagos, as well as the queer genre film “Leviticus.” As in years past, the Sundance competition titles will also be available to watch online. “It is a thrilling film.” This year’s festival will also honor its late founderRobert Redford with legacy screenings and serve as a celebration of its 40+ years in Park City before it relocates to Boulder, Colorado in 2027.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Entertainment/wireStory/jake-heggies-new-opera-judgment-paris-mix-mythology-128286322
Article: Composer Jake Heggie is set to premiere his opera “The Judgment of Paris,” inspired by the famous 1976 wine tasting where California wines triumphed over French selections Jake Heggie's new opera 'The Judgment of Paris' will mix mythology and an infamous wine competition In what figures to be a score for refined palates, the famous 1976 wine tasting in which California selections stunningly triumphed over older French vineyards will be portrayed in the opera “The Judgment of Paris” by composer Jake Heggie. A rare comedy by Heggie, known best for turning Sister Helen Prejean's “Dead Man Walking” and Herman Melville's “Moby-Dick” into operas, will premiere on July 18 in a production the California's Festival Napa Valley announced Wednesday. Soprano Danielle De Niese stars as Venus and baritone Quinn Kelsey as Bacchus in a work that mixes mythological gods with the real life people from the event at Paris' Intercontinental Hotel. So we’re going to have a nice mad scene for that judge, with Brenda Rae doing coloratura soprano.” Judges at the wine tasting included Taillevent’s Jean-Claude Vrinat and Le Grand Véfour’s Raymond Oliver. Taber wrote about the tasting for Time magazine and titled a 2005 book “Judgment of Paris,” alluding to a story from Greek mythology describing events leading to the Trojan War. “Some of those judges were accused of being traitors by the French.” Festival CEO Rick Walker called Heggie in January, wanting to create a performance to mark the 250th anniversary of the Declaration of Independence and the 20th anniversary of the annual summer event.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/10/fed-interest-rate-decision-december-2025-.html
Article: Fulfilling expectations of a "hawkish cut," the central bank's Federal Open Market Committee cut its key overnight borrowing rate by a quarter percentage point, putting it in a range between 3.5%-3.75%. The 9-3 vote again featured hawkish and dovish dissents – Governor Stephen Miran favored a steeper half-point reduction while regional presidents Jeffrey Schmid of Kansas City and Austan Goolsbee of Chicago backed holding the line. "In considering the extent and timing of additional adjustments to the target range for the federal funds rate, the Committee will carefully assess incoming data, the evolving outlook, and the balance of risks," the statement said. The closely watched "dot plot" of individual officials' expectations on rates indicated just one cut in 2026 and another in 2027 before the federal funds rate hits a longer-run target around 3%. In addition to the rate decision, the Fed also announced it will resume buying Treasury securities, following up an announcement from the October meeting that it would halt its balance sheet runoff this month. Predictions markets are betting the nominee will be National Economic Council Chair Kevin Hassett, who is viewed in some corners of the financial markets as a Fed chair who will seek to do Trump's bidding. However, recent signs from unofficial data point to heavier payroll reductions to come, with announced layoffs through November topping 1.1 million, according to employment placement firm Challenger, Gray & Christmas.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/10/fed-december-rate-cut-mortgages-loans-savings-impact.html
Article: December's move marks the third time in a row the central bank lowered interest rates — shaving three-quarters of a point off the federal funds rate since September to a range of 3.5%-3.75%. Although the federal funds rate, set by the Federal Open Market Committee, is the interest rate at which banks borrow and lend to one another overnight and not the rate that consumers pay, the Fed's actions still influence many types of consumer products. The Fed's impact on credit card APRs Most Americans have at least one credit card, and the majority of cardholders carry a balance from month to month — which means they are likely paying around 20% a year in interest on those short-term loans. Cavan Images | Cavan | Getty Images Although a quarter-point change doesn't mean much when credit card APRs are sky high, the collective effect of consecutive cuts could add up to a noticeable difference, especially compared to last year's record high rates, according to Matt Schulz, LendingTree's chief credit analyst. As the 10-year Treasury yield continues to climb amid worries about persistent inflation, the average rate for a 30-year, fixed-rate mortgage has edged higher too, and is currently about 6.35%, according to Mortgage News Daily as of Dec. "Given that mortgages are benchmarked off of 10-year yields, we may well see an increase in mortgage rates following a cut," as the stock market and investors react, said Brett House, economics professor at Columbia Business School. And yet, "car shoppers still face a challenging marketplace as seen by record-high monthly payments and record loan balances on financed new-vehicle purchases," said Joseph Yoon, Edmunds' consumer insights analyst. As the Fed cuts interest rates, the rates on those private student loans will come down over a one- or three-month period, depending on the benchmark, according to higher education expert Mark Kantrowitz. "It won't cover the cost of a cup of coffee." Savings rates fall with a Fed cut It's more important than ever for savers to take matters into their own hands. The effect of a new Fed chair Wednesday's Fed decision also comes amid pressure from President Donald Trump, who has repeatedly argued that rates should be significantly lower, suggesting that would make it easier for businesses and consumers to borrow and boost the economy.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/10/byway-coffee-founder-how-i-turned-mobile-trailer-into-memphis-cafe.html
Article: In July 2024, after a five-figure trailer renovation, Amstutz added a new venture to her portfolio: Byway Coffee, a mobile coffee shop that now pops up daily at locations throughout Memphis. Over the next year, and despite some growing pains, Byway brought in more than $500,000 in total revenue, including over $400,000 in net sales, according to documents reviewed by CNBC Make It. Byway's social media followers — more than 38,000 of them on Instagram and TikTok combined — receive updates on the trailer's rotating menu of pastries from local bakeries and unconventional drinks, including recent offerings like Bananas Foster Chai and Pistachio Cookie Matcha. DON'T MISS: The ultimate guide to starting a business—everything you need to know to be your own boss Amstutz has worked roughly 60 hours per week on Byway over the past two years, she estimates. And after living off the profits of her other ventures — reinvesting Byway's initial profits back into the company, and using them to pay off a startup loan from her uncle — she started paying herself a salary from Byway in December, she says.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/video/newsfeed/2025/12/10/anger-after-deadly-dual-building-collapse-in-morocco?traffic_source=rss
Article: NewsFeed Anger after deadly dual building collapse in Morocco Almost two dozen people are confirmed dead after two buildings collapsed in the Moroccan city of Fez, angering residents who said the structures had clear problems before the deadly incident.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/10/iceland-to-join-boycott-of-eurovision-in-protest-at-israels-involvement?traffic_source=rss
Article: Broadcaster RUV said on Wednesday that the Nordic nation would not participate in the 2026 competition, after organiser the European Broadcasting Union (EBU) greenlit Israel’s involvement last week, dismissing calls from some countries to hold a vote on whether to exclude the country. “It is clear from the public debate in this country and the reaction to the EBU’s decision last week that there will be neither joy nor peace regarding RUV’s participation,” the broadcaster’s director general Stefan Eiriksson said in a statement. Iceland, along with Ireland, Spain, Slovenia and the Netherlands, had threatened to boycott next year’s edition of the glitzy music contest, due to be held in Vienna in May, if Israel took part, citing its genocidal war on Palestinians in Gaza – as well as allegations that it unfairly intervened in the most recent competition to the benefit of its entrant. But on Thursday, the EBU said there would be no vote on Israel’s participation, and that it would instead introduce new rules “to reinforce trust and protect [the] neutrality” of the contest that would discourage governments from influencing the outcome. That prompted Ireland, the Netherlands, Slovenia and Spain to swiftly announce they would boycott the competition, with Irish broadcaster RTE citing “the appalling loss of lives in Gaza and humanitarian crisis”, and Slovenia’s national broadcaster saying it was “on behalf of the 20,000 children who died” in Israel’s genocidal war on Palestinian people in the territory.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/sports/2025/12/10/olympics-decision-on-gender-eligibility-to-come-in-early-2026?traffic_source=rss
Article: The International Olympic Committee says it will announce eligibility criteria for transgender athletes early next year, after months of deliberation as it seeks to find a consensus on how to protect the female category. The IOC, under its new President Kirsty Coventry, did a U-turn in June, deciding to take the lead in setting eligibility criteria for Olympic participation, having previously handed responsibility to the individual sports federations, leading to a confusing patchwork of different approaches. In September, Coventry set up the “Protection of the Female Category” working group, made up of experts as well as representatives of international federations, to look into how best to protect the female category in sports. “Maybe it is not the easiest thing to do, but we will try our best, so when we talk about the female category, we are protecting the female category.” Coventry said a decision would come in the first months of 2026. I don’t want to try to constrain the working group by saying they need to have a specific deadline, but I am hopeful in the next couple of months and definitely within the first quarter of next year we will have a clear decision and way forward, which I think we are all looking forward to,” said Coventry, a former Olympic swimming champion. Advertisement Before Coventry’s decision in June, the IOC had long refused to apply any universal rule on transgender participation for the Games, instructing international federations in 2021 to come up with their own guidelines. New Zealand’s Laurel Hubbard became the first openly transgender athlete to compete in a different gender category to that assigned at birth when the weightlifter took part in the Tokyo Olympics in 2021. US President Donald Trump has banned transgender athletes from competing in sports in schools in the United States, which civil society groups say infringes on the rights of trans people, as Los Angeles prepares to host the 2028 Summer Olympics.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/10/us-general-highlights-close-cooperation-with-syria-against-isil-threats?traffic_source=rss
Article: The head of the US military’s Middle East-based Central Command, Brad Cooper, has said that the United States is working with Syrian forces to carry out operations against ISIL (ISIS), highlighting the collaboration between Washington and Damascus. The US general’s comments came on the first anniversary of the start of the Syrian transition after the fall of the government of President Bashar al-Assad in a lightning offensive by opposition fighters. Syria joined the US-led global coalition against ISIL last month after President Ahmed al-Sharaa – a former rebel commander who formerly led a group with ties to al-Qaeda – visited Washington, DC, and met US President Donald Trump. “This operation eliminated over 130 mortars and rockets, multiple small arms, antitank mines, IED [improvised explosive device] material and illicit drugs.” ISIL controlled large areas in Syria and Iraq between 2014 and 2019. The US deployed as many as 2,000 troops to Syria during the fight against ISIL, but the Trump administration announced earlier this year that it will slash the number of US bases and soldiers in the country. Cooper said the US military will continue to play an “active role” in supporting US envoy Tom Barrack to realise Trump’s “vision of a prosperous Middle East and a stable Syria at peace with itself and its neighbours”. Since the fall of al-Assad, Israel – the top US ally in the region – has been carrying out air strikes in Syria and expanding its military presence in the south of the country. On Wednesday, Cooper failed to mention the Israeli campaign in the country, but he hailed what he called “hoops diplomacy”, referring to footage of himself playing basketball with al-Sharaa earlier this year.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/politics/donald-trump/trump-immigrants-somalia-slur-rcna248395
Article: Then, reflecting on his 2018 meeting with senators during which he referred to certain nations as "shithole countries," Trump said, "Remember I said that to the senators?" He said, "Our country was going to hell. And we had a meeting, and I say, 'Why is it we only take people from shithole countries, right?' Why can’t we have some people from Norway, Sweden, just a few? Aliens who come to our country, complain about how much they hate America, fail to contribute to our economy, and refuse to assimilate into our society should not be here.” Trump faced backlash for his use of the term "shithole countries" during the 2018 meeting. At the time, the president denied using that term, saying that he used "tough" language, but that "this was not the language used." During that incident, the president was reportedly referring to Haiti and certain African nations, which led to leaders in Botswana condemning the remarks as “reprehensible and racist." For more than a week, Trump has disparaged Somali immigrants, particularly those in Minnesota. Federal agents began conducting immigration operations in Minneapolis last week and, though one administration official told NBC News that ICE wasn’t specifically targeting Somali immigrants, Trump’s comments have had a chilling effect. At Tuesday night's rally, the president called the congresswoman's hijab a “turban” and encouraged the crowd to chant “send her back." "With the little shoe, the little turban, I love her.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/ending-dual-citizenship-is-impractical-and-divisive-opinion-11189388
Article: Dual citizenship is such an established concept that the government does not track how many people hold it; experts say the number could range anywhere from 500,000 to 5.7 million. Terrazas (1980), the court likewise held that “Congress does not have any general power to take away an American citizen's citizenship without his assent.” So Moreno’s idea that the government can strip someone’s citizenship away for noncompliance with a new law is likely unconstitutional. Moreno’s bill says that the current system of dual citizenship “may create conflicts of interest and divided loyalties.” Yet dual citizenship holders have not been shown to pose any threat to the country.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/record-flooding-prompts-evacuations-in-washington-what-to-know-11189356
Article: Other community members are on a "Be Set" notice and should "be prepared to evacuate at a moment's notice" the Central Pierce Fire & Rescue (CPFR) said in a post on X.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/mlb/blue-jays-manager-sends-5-word-message-on-dodgers-yoshinobu-yamamoto-11189073
Article: More news: Dodgers Star Dealt Bad News Ahead of 2026 World Baseball Classic The Blue Jays continued adding talent to their starting rotation by inking Cody Ponce to a three-year, $30 million contract. Schneider had a five-word message on Yamamoto: “I hope he’s still tired.” More news: Yankees’ Aaron Boone Sends Clear Message to Cody Bellinger Amid Free Agency For all the latest MLB news and rumors, head over to Newsweek Sports.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/mlb/mets-better-fit-than-ever-before-for-cody-bellinger-after-pete-alonso-report-11189102
Article: Bellinger is flexible in that he can play all three outfield positions as well as first base, although it is highly unlikely he plays right field in Queens as that spot is reserved for Juan Soto.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/new-york-doctor-accused-of-faking-sons-vaccine-record-to-put-him-in-school-11188802
Article: A 2024 Gallup poll shows 40 percent of Americans say it's extremely important for parents to vaccinate their children, down from 58 percent in 2019 and 64 percent in 2001. Ismail to focus her full attention and resources on resolving the criminal matter and family court proceedings where the underlying factual disputes must first be addressed.” Newsweek reached out to the New York State Department of Health for comment. We are confident that when all the facts are presented in the appropriate forum, she will be fully exonerated.” DeWitt Police Investigator Jeffrey Conrad, in court documents obtained by syracuse.com: “Review of the records the Defendant offered for filing to Tecumseh Elementary School, were reviewed by the Chief Medical Officer of the Family Health Network, who confirmed them to be fraudulent and did not match the practices (sic) own records for the Defendants Child.” What Happens Next Ismail remains free while her criminal case is awaiting possible grand jury action, syracuse.com reported.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/wrestling/wwe-star-gunther-sends-strong-message-on-retiring-john-cena-at-snme-11189095
Article: John Cena will officially retire from WWE at "Saturday Night's Main Event," and Gunther is the opponent who believes he will do everything he can to end Cena's run with "heartbreak." "The Ring General" recently appeared for an interview, during which he spoke about the opportunity before him. Read more: WWE Reveals 2026 Royal Rumble Poster Teasing Major Stars However, Gunther battled through several challenging opponents, including Carmelo Hayes, Solo Sikoa, and LA Knight, to get the chance to defeat one of professional wrestling's all-time greats on Saturday. Gunther, who has held the heel role throughout his career, also said he is ready to embrace the role of being "hated" for being the one who sends Cena out on a sour note as he officially retires. "John Cena is the greatest sports entertainer of all time… not just the eyes of the wrestling world will be on it… I’m in the unique position to be able to really destroy that party that day.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/charlie-erika-kirk-death-theory-conspiracy-11189197
Article: Erika Kirk spoke publicly for the first time about the conspiracy theories surrounding the death of her husband, conservative commentator Charlie Kirk, denouncing any speculation as hurtful and unfounded during an interview on Fox News Channel’s “Outnumbered.” Kirk said she would “never back down” in defending her family and her late husband’s legacy.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/ex-officials-propose-plan-for-immigration-under-donald-trump-11181432
Article: The proposals claim that the current federal system is "being dismantled and weaponized" by the Trump administration and that "bold policy solutions are imperative to design and build a new, effective, forward-looking approach" for the country. Customs and Border Protection (CBP), Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE), the Department of Homeland Security (DHS), the FBI, Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA), and other agencies are being marshaled to execute large-scale removal operations. Trump's Impact on Deportations From January, the start of the Trump administration, until the end of the president's first year in office, more than 600,000 people without legal status are expected to be removed from the U.S, including roughly 593,000 formal deportations and 1.9 million voluntary departures, according to DHS. "Once a noncitizen has been in the United States for 10 years or more without a criminal conviction, DHS should apply a SOL and forbear immigration enforcement," the policy reads. "Certain new violations of law that render an individual inadmissible or removable could reset the 10-year window, but discretion would need to be exercised for cases involving serious criminal convictions." The blueprint was drafted by the 2025 Hyphen Immigration Policy Fellows, a cohort of eight veteran immigration experts with backgrounds across DHS, the State Department, the White House, and local government. The group includes Felicia Escobar Carrillo, Ashley Feasley, Emily Mendrala, Bitta Mostofi, Avideh Moussavian, Royce Murray, Claire Trickler-McNulty, and Jen Smyers, who collectively bring decades of experience in enforcement, asylum, refugee policy, and immigrant integration. "A goal for my blueprint is really to offer a vision on how we can get the solutions right and also get the implementation right, which is that we have to build intentional partnerships across all levels of government," Mostofi, a former senior advisor to the USCIS director and a member of Zohran Mamdani's transition team, told Newsweek. Assessing What's Possible Claire Trickler-McNulty, a former ICE and USCIS staffer, and one of the contributors to the blueprint, said the document "represents thoughts from people who worked in government and have a sense of what's really operationally possible. "I personally have been working on issues related to immigration detention for 20 years and have seen many attempts at reform only scratch the surface and fail to address underlying issues. We can’t rely on outdated and ineffective options that are so easily cast aside on political winds." The blueprint proposes allowing state and local governments to sponsor immigrants to meet workforce needs, stating that the U.S. should "create a visa pathway for state and local governments… to meet data-backed local workforce gaps." The blueprint recommends structural changes within the Department of Homeland Security, including the creation of an Office of the Civil Detention Trustee.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/mets-offseason-takes-brutal-turn-after-losing-pete-alonso-edwin-diaz-11189152
Article: They have as much money to play with as any team in the league, but if they don't start spending it, they could be left behind in the National League.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/alex-bregmans-sweepstakes-take-crazy-turn-after-pete-alonsos-155m-deal-11188981
Article: As a result, the Alex Bregman sweepstakes are bound to heat up, especially considering the fact that the Boston Red Sox were one of the top suitors for Alonso and Schwarber.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nba/nba-rivals-considering-steep-trade-price-for-59-million-clippers-star-11189074
Article: "LA could net a premium prospect alongside a future first-round pick." More news: Massive Trade Idea Sees Clippers’ Kawhi Leonard Moved to East Squad Trade rumors surrounding the 28-year-old have been swirling, considering the struggles the Clippers have endured. There is a chance the Clippers enter a fire sale, and players like Zubac could be on the radar for some teams who could use a massive upgrade to their frontcourt.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/winter-holiday-record-travel-best-worst-times-11187502
Article: How Americans Will Travel During the Holidays The AAA projects that 122.4 million Americans will travel at least 50 miles from home during the holiday period, which typically runs between December 20 and January 1. Air travel is also expected to set a new record, with nearly 8.03 million passengers anticipated, while another 4.9 million will travel by bus, train, or cruise—a 9 percent jump from last year. USA Today reported that INRIX , an analytics firm, forecast that the busiest travel days before Christmas Day will be Saturday, December 20, and Sunday, December 21, with peak traffic expected between noon and 8 p.m. It’s the best way to protect both your trip and your peace of mind.” What Happens Next Travel experts underline the importance of flexibility, patience, and early departures to avoid the worst travel headaches.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nfl/will-philip-rivers-start-for-colts-vs-seahawks-heres-what-shane-steichen-said-11188985
Article: Philip Rivers had his introductory press conference today for the Indianapolis Colts, and there is only one question on everyone’s minds in the NFL at this moment: Will he be starting on Sunday against the Seattle Seahawks? While Rivers joked about how he might have gained weight since leaving the field in Buffalo following a loss in the playoffs with the Colts before retiring in 2021, the feel-good story of the year became more real as the chances of him starting are becoming clearer. More news: Kyler Murray Wanted Control Over Cardinals’ Roster, Draft Strategy: Report After starting quarterback Daniel Jones went down with a non-contact season-ending ruptured Achilles tendon, the search for the player to possibly save the Indianapolis Colts’ season was on. When asked if he has made a decision on who will start on Sunday, head coach Shane Steichen played coy by saying “we’ll see” who he slots in under center.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/mlb/chicago-cubs-ryan-pressly-robert-suarez-jpg-11188669
Article: Then, Cubs president of baseball operations Jed Hoyer made another swap with the Astros, reeling in two-time All-Star closer Ryan Pressly, seemingly solidifying the back end of the Chicago bullpen for a deep postseason run. Just about two years earlier, Pressly was on the mound nailing down the final out of the Astros' second World Series championship after saving 33 games for Houston that year. Despite getting a solid 22 saves from third-year right-hander Daniel Palencia, the Cubs are now reportedly in the market for a more established reliever to anchor their bullpen, and according to reporter Francys Romero of the bilingual BeisbolFR site, the Cubs are now in on the top reliever remaining on the free-agent market as baseball's annual winter meetings draw to a close Wednesday. More MLB: Yankees Quietly Acquire Controversial 6-Foot-4 Free Agent Outfielder "Hearing from the winter meetings that the Cubs are still exploring the closer market, with Robert Suárez as one of the ideal candidates," Romero wrote on Monday, the first full day of the meetings. After two other top free agent closers were stopped up — Devin Williams by the New York Mets prior to the winter meetings, and on Tuesday former Met Edwin Díaz by the reigning MLB champion Los Angeles Dodgers — San Diego Padres closer Suárez stands as the most sought-after closer remaining available. With a late start in the major leagues, after starting in Venezuelan independent baseball then pitching five seasons in Japan, the two-time All-Star who led the National League with 40 saves this year, is already 34 years old. The sports business site Spotrac projects that Suárez — whose fastball was clocked as high as 101.3 mph in the 2024 postseason — will receive a modest three-year deal worth $61.8 million.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cx23pxxl7yno?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Ex-Olympic swimmer Sharron Davies among new peers Iceland supermarket chairman Richard Walker and former Number 10 communications director Matthew Doyle are among 25 new Labour peers nominated by Sir Keir Starmer. A Labour spokesperson said the new titles would allow the government to "deliver on our mandate from the British people" and "correct" the imbalance against Labour in the House of Lords, where the Tories currently have more representation. The swimmer, who won a silver medal at the 1980 Olympics in Moscow and two Commonwealth golds, denied that her comments were transphobic and claimed she had spoken to many other female athletes who "feel the same way as me". In February this year, he gave the new government a score of "six out of 10" in comments to the Financial Times, taking issue with it raising employer national insurance contributions but praising its attempts to improve relations with the EU.

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/12/10/nx-s1-5639958/egypt-iran-seattle-pride-match-fifa-world-cup
Article: Egypt and Iran object to playing in a Seattle 'Pride' match in next year's World Cup toggle caption Kevin Dietsch/Getty Images Officials in Egypt and Iran are protesting the scheduling of a FIFA World Cup match between the two teams next June in Seattle, where local organizers had planned Pride festivities around the match. The association has sent a formal letter to FIFA asking them to take action to "avoid including activities that could provoke cultural and religious sensitivities" among fans at the Seattle game. "We make no concessions to anyone when it comes to our beliefs," said Iranian sports minister Ahmad Donyamali in remarks on state TV Wednesday , adding that Iran had also complained directly to FIFA. In a statement, the local organizing group SeattleFWC26 said it would be "moving forward as planned with our community programming outside the stadium during Pride weekend and throughout the tournament." "The Pacific Northwest is home to one of the nation's largest Iranian-American communities, a thriving Egyptian diaspora, and rich communities representing all nations we're hosting in Seattle," spokesperson Hana Tadesse told NPR. "We're committed to ensuring all residents and visitors experience the warmth, respect, and dignity that defines our region." FIFA did not immediately respond to a request for comment from NPR. toggle caption Alexander Hassenstein/Getty Images While FIFA, the international governing body for soccer, organizes the World Cup games themselves, local groups in each host city are responsible for organizing events outside of the games and serve as liaisons with local officials and business owners. "With matches on Juneteenth and pride, we get to show the world that in Seattle, everyone is welcome," mayor-elect Katie Wilson wrote on X after the teams were selected . But organizers did not know which teams would play in the game until this past Saturday, after FIFA held a draw to determine which teams would play in each group.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/bronx-man-charged-shooting-jets-player-kris-boyd-128284397
Article: The man charged with shooting Jets player Kris Boyd at a Manhattan restaurant appeared in a New York City court late Tuesday Frederick Green, 20, of The Bronx borough of New York, charged with attempted murder in the shooting of New York Jets' player Kris Boyd, is escorted from the Midtown South Police Precinct, in New York, Tuesday, Dec. (AP Photo/Richard Drew) Frederick Green, 20, of The Bronx borough of New York, charged with attempted murder in the shooting of New York Jets' player Kris Boyd, is escorted from the Midtown South Police Precinct, in New York, Tuesday, Dec. (AP Photo/Richard Drew) NEW YORK -- The Bronx man charged with shooting Jets player Kris Boyd appeared in a New York City court late Tuesday, a day after authorities tracked him down at an apartment complex in the Buffalo area.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/calibri-font-latest-dei-target-rubio-orders-return-128286120
Article: Secretary of State Marco Rubio has ordered diplomatic correspondence to stop using the Calibri font and return to the more traditional Times New Roman Calibri font becomes the latest DEI target as Rubio orders return to Times New Roman Secretary of State Marco Rubio arrives to join Defense Secretary Pete Hegseth in a secure room in the basement of the Capitol to brief lawmakers on the military strike on a suspected drug smuggling boat and its crew in the Caribbean near Venezuela Sept. Scott Applewhite) Secretary of State Marco Rubio arrives to join Defense Secretary Pete Hegseth in a secure room in the basement of the Capitol to brief lawmakers on the military strike on a suspected drug smuggling boat and its crew in the Caribbean near Venezuela Sept. Scott Applewhite) WASHINGTON -- Secretary of State Marco Rubio has ordered diplomatic correspondence to stop using the Calibri font and return to the more traditional Times New Roman effective Wednesday, reversing a Biden administration shift to the less formal typeface that he called wasteful, confusing and unbefitting the dignity of U.S. “The switch was promised to mitigate accessibility issues for individuals with disabilities,” the cable said, asserting that it did not achieve that goal and had cost the department $145,000 but did not offer any evidence. Rubio has abolished offices and initiatives that had been created to promote and foster diversity and inclusion, including in Washington and at overseas embassies and consulates, and also ended foreign assistance funding for DEI projects abroad. “Although switching to Calibri was not among the department’s most illegal, immoral, radical or wasteful instances of DEI it was nonetheless cosmetic,” according to Rubio's cable obtained by The Associated Press and first reported by The New York Times. According to a separate memo sent to department employees, the return to Times New Roman takes effect Wednesday and all templates for official documents are to be updated to remove the offending Calibri font.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/venezuelas-machado-absent-nobel-ceremony-travel-oslo-draws-128287964
Article: Venezuelan opposition leader Maria Corina Machado was absent from the Nobel Peace Prize ceremony in Norway on Wednesday Venezuela's Machado absent from Nobel ceremony but her travel to Oslo draws mixed reactions at home People applaud while watching the ceremony of the Nobel Peace Prize for Venezuelan opposition leader Maria Corina Machado in Norway, during a live viewing in Buenos Aires, Argentina, Wednesday, Dec. (AP Photo/Rodrigo Abd) People applaud while watching the ceremony of the Nobel Peace Prize for Venezuelan opposition leader Maria Corina Machado in Norway, during a live viewing in Buenos Aires, Argentina, Wednesday, Dec. (AP Photo/Rodrigo Abd) CARACAS, Venezuela -- Venezuelan opposition leader María Corina Machado was absent Wednesday from the ceremony in Norway in which she was to receive this year’s Nobel Peace Prize award, but confirmation that she was traveling to Europe elicited mixed feelings in her country, where many backed her precisely because she had not left her homeland. Machado’s daughter accepted the award on her behalf in a ceremony that became a rally for democracy, and equally, an indictment of Venezuela’s government, with attendees hearing in detail documented human rights abuses carried out against real or perceived opponents of President Nicolás Maduro. “She wants to live in a free Venezuela, and she will never give up on that purpose,” Ana Corina Sosa told the audience in Oslo before reading her mother’s prepared remarks. “That is why we all know, and I know, that she will be back in Venezuela very soon.” Neither Machado nor her staff explained when and how she left Venezuela for Oslo, Norway, or what obstacles kept her from appearing at the ceremony. In an audio recording of a phone call published on the Nobel website ahead of the event, Machado said she wouldn't be able to arrive in time for the ceremony but should be in Oslo. “That woman has made many sacrifices to fight for democracy, and it’s time she reunites with her family, with her children, and continues fighting from abroad.” Meanwhile, shopkeeper José Hurtado called Machado a “traitor” for her support of U.S. Jørgen Watne Frydnes, chair of the Norwegian Nobel committee, told attendees about repeated instances of torture, including the experiences of children who were detained in the aftermath of the 2024 presidential election. “The United Nations documented their experience as follows: Plastic bags pulled tight over their heads, electric shocks to the genitals, blows to the body so brutal it hurt the great, sexualized violence, cells so cold as to cause intense shivering, foul drinking water teeming with insects, screams that no one came to stop,” he said.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Business/wireStory/companies-offer-279-million-gulf-mexico-drilling-rights-128288555
Article: Oil companies have offered $279 million for drilling rights in the Gulf of Mexico in the first offshore lease sale in the region since 2023 Companies offer $279 million for Gulf of Mexico drilling rights in first of 30 planned oil sales FILE - Oil platforms are visible through the haze near the Flower Garden Banks National Marine Sanctuary in the Gulf of Mexico, off the coast of Galveston, Texas, Saturday, Sept. (AP Photo/LM Otero, File) FILE - Oil platforms are visible through the haze near the Flower Garden Banks National Marine Sanctuary in the Gulf of Mexico, off the coast of Galveston, Texas, Saturday, Sept. (AP Photo/LM Otero, File) WASHINGTON -- Oil companies offered $279 million for drilling rights in the Gulf of Mexico on Wednesday in the first of 30 sales planned for the region in coming years under Republican efforts to ramp up U.S. The total amount of high bids was down by more than $100 million from the previous lease sale in the Gulf of Mexico, under former Democratic President Joe Biden, in December 2023. energy dominance and advance responsible offshore energy development,” said Laura Robbins, acting director of the Gulf region for the Bureau of Ocean Energy Management, which is part of the Interior Department. “The Gulf is already overwhelmed with thousands of oil rigs and pipelines, and oil companies are doing a terrible job of cleaning up after themselves,” said Rachel Matthews with the Center for Biological Diversity. Erik Milito with the National Ocean Industries Association, an industry group, said the takeaway from Wednesday's sale was that the Gulf “is open.” While results of individual lease sales may fluctuate, Milito added, “the real success is the resumption of a regular leasing cadence." "Knowing that (another lease sale) is coming in March 2026 allows companies to plan, study, and refine their bids, rather than being forced to respond to the uncertainty of a politically-driven multiyear pause," he said. But Earthjustice attorney George Torgun said the Trump administration conducted the sale without analyzing how it would expose the entire Gulf region to oil spills, how communities could be harmed by pollution and how it could devastate vulnerable marine life such as the endangered Rice’s whale, which numbers only in the dozens and lives in the Gulf of Mexico.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/business/economy/fed-again-cuts-rates-third-time-year-rcna248226
Article: The Federal Reserve on Wednesday cut its influential interest rate for the third time this year as it tries to balance rising inflation with a labor market that appears to have weakened in recent months. The cut of a quarter point — a cautious move by the Fed — could make it cheaper for average Americans who hold a mortgage, have credit card debt or need to take out or refinance a personal loan. Affordability has remained a major issue across the U.S., with President Donald Trump — who has repeatedly and vociferously called for the Fed to continue to cut interest rates — recently downplaying those concerns after having campaigned on them.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/how-to-watch-real-madrid-vs-manchester-city-live-stream-uefa-champions-league-tv-channel-11189458
Article: How to Watch Real Madrid vs Manchester City Date: Wednesday, December 10, 2025 Time: 3:00 PM ET watch now ) Stream: Paramount+ ( This evening’s clash at the Santiago Bernabéu brings heavyweight stakes in the group stage of the UEFA Champions League. Real Madrid come into the game with the advantage of playing at home, and a solid European record this season; they’ve won four of their five group-stage matches, scoring freely while conceding only five times. Yet they arrive under pressure: domestic form has been shaky, including a recent 2-0 home defeat, and several injuries stretch their defense, a vulnerability Manchester City will aim to exploit. Despite a stumble in their most recent European outing, their domestic form has been strong, and their attackers, including Erling Haaland and Phil Foden, bring sharp finishing and creative threat.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/wrestling/cm-punk-made-john-cena-cry-during-wwe-retirement-tour-11189364
Article: John Cena and CM Punk revisited their iconic rivalry at "Night of Champions" in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia, in June 2025, where Punk challenged a heel Cena for the Undisputed WWE Championship. The match marked Punk’s significant return to the country after he had previously criticized WWE’s events in the region, notably in a 2020 tweet where he told The Miz to "go suck a blood money-covered d**k in Saudi Arabia." Despite the past backlash, Punk returned to the Kingdom and apologized publicly at the event kickoff. More news: Nikki Bella Reunites With Ex-Boyfriend At WWE Raw Cena also praised "The Best in the World" for adopting his "Five Moves of Doom" persona in a promo and during the match, finding the creative choice to be a stroke of genius.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/ncaa/steve-sarkisian-texas-attempting-to-poach-lsu-assistant-from-lane-kiffin-11189389
Article: With Scott on the way out, Sarkisian reportedly has his sights set on a current LSU assistant coach whose future is up in the air after the Tigers hired Lane Kiffin. More Football: NFL Reaches Punishment Decision After Jaxson Dart Incident vs Patriots Shea Dixon of On3 Sports is reporting Sarkisian has an eye out for Frank Wilson, who took over as interim head coach after the Tigers fired head coach Brian Kelly. "As long as LSU will have me, I would love to have the opportunity to be part of what we are doing here," he said after LSU's season came to a close. The New Orleans native is in his second stint with the Tigers and has coached for the program since 2022 when he took over assistant head coach and running backs coaching duties.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/gop-governor-says-democrat-josh-shapiro-would-make-a-good-president-11189070
Article: Utah's Republican Governor Spencer Cox praised Pennsylvania Democrat Senator Josh Shapiro during a joint interview on CNN that aired Wednesday, saying he was impressed with Shapiro's fiscal record and felt he would make a good president. When asked if he felt Shapiro would make a good president, Cox replied, "Yeah, I do." Cox explained he was partial to governors when it comes to presidential candidacy because of the work they have to do as part of their position, leading a state. "I think, I think there are a lot of governors in this country who would make great presidents, and I think he would be one of them," Cox said Cox highlighted what he sees as Shapiro’s effectiveness in delivering results and overcoming government gridlock, saying, "It's too hard to get stuff done in this country. He blew it up in a big way, in an awesome way, when a freeway overpass got burned to the ground, fell down, and in record time rebuilt that and got it open for its people," Cox continued. I've been very impressed with what he's been able to do on the economy, with permitting reform, cutting regulation, that sounded like red state stuff, and he's, he's doing it, and that's impressive to me." Spencer Cox, serving as Utah’s governor since January 2021, is a Republican known for his willingness to reach across the aisle and focus on practical governance. Shapiro has also achieved national recognition and currently stands among leading Democratic contenders for the 2028 presidential election, according to a recent Emerson College poll of Democratic voters, which found Shapiro tied for fourth place among Democratic primary voters considering presidential candidates for 2028, with 7% support. So yeah, I think he would be one of [the best presidents]." Governor Josh Shapiro, Pennsylvania Democrat, during the CNN interview: "I think we need more moral clarity in this country. And I think a guy like Spencer Cox can provide that kind of healing and that moral clarity our country needs whatever he chooses to do." What Happens Next Shapiro is up for reelection in 2026 and will first need to maintain his popularity in Pennsylvania, where several Republican challengers are expected.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/fed-cuts-interest-rates-signals-pause-trump-pressure-11189407
Article: The Federal Reserve lowered its key interest rate for the third straight meeting Wednesday but signaled it may pause further reductions in the months ahead, a stance that could put the central bank at odds with President Donald Trump, who has pressed for deeper and faster cuts to borrowing costs. Policymakers reduced the benchmark rate by a quarter-point to about 3.6 percent — the lowest level in nearly three years — while indicating in new projections that they expect only one additional reduction next year. Why It Matters The guidance underscores the central bank’s challenge in navigating elevated inflation, slowing job growth and political pressure as Trump prepares to name a successor to Chair Jerome Powell when Powell’s term ends in May. In their quarterly projections, members of the 19-person committee offered widely different views on the year ahead: Seven forecast no cuts in 2026, eight penciled in two or more, and four supported just one. Trump has indicated he could name a new Fed chair as early as this month, and he has openly stated that immediate rate cuts are a litmus test for the role. But in an interview on CNBC this week, Hassett avoided specifying how many additional cuts he would support, stressing instead that policymakers must “watch the data.” What Happens Next The Fed’s cautious tone Wednesday highlights how much remains unknown heading into 2026. With inflation still above the central bank’s 2 percent target and job growth slowing, officials are signaling that the path ahead will depend heavily on the next wave of economic indicators — and on who is leading the central bank when Powell’s term expires.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/how-to-watch-bayer-leverkusen-vs-newcastle-united-live-stream-uefa-champions-league-tv-channel-11189424
Article: The league phase of the UEFA Champions League continues on Wednesday with a number of matchups, including a matchup at BayArena in Leverkusen, Germany, between Bayer 04 Leverkusen and Newcastle United FC. How to Watch Bayer Leverkusen vs Newcastle United Date: Wednesday, December 10, 2025 Time: 3:00 PM ET Channel: CBS Sports Network TRY FOR FREE ) Stream: Fubo ( Coming into Matchday 6 in the league phase, Newcastle is 11th with a 3-2-0 record and nine points, but comes off a 2-1 loss at Marseille on Nov. Leverkusen got a first-half goal from Alejandro Grimaldo and an insurance marker from Patrik Schick early in the second half to beat Manchester City, while Mark Flekken made seven saves to post the clean sheet. Harvey Barnes gave Newcastle an early lead with a goal in the sixth minute at Marseille, but two early markers by the hosts in the second half swung the outcome.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/mlb/andrew-friedman-reveals-dodgers-spending-power-after-edwin-diaz-deal-11186019
Article: While the addition certainly makes the Dodgers better and a bigger favorite for the coming season, the Dodgers could still use another reliever for high-leverage moments, and a handful of outfielders, along with another capable bench bat. Given the needs that still need to be addressed, the question is how much more money the Dodgers can spend on a roster that is already the most expensive in baseball. More news: Mets All-Star Starting Pitcher Drawing Trade Interest at Winter Meetings During the MLB Winter Meetings, Dodgers' executive Andrew Friedman was asked if another big signing could be coming from the reigning champions, though he played it quite coy. The same could happen with the outfield, landing either Kyle Tucker or Cody Bellinger, two big names who would immediately help an outfield platoon that is the team's weakest position group.

Link: https://abc13.com/post/traffic-ends-multi-vehicle-crash-fm-529-barker-cypress-road-west-harris-county-hcso-says/18272351/
Article: Suspect in custody following traffic stop that ended in multi-vehicle car crash, HCSO says HARRIS COUNTY, Texas (KTRK) -- A traffic stop ended in a crash involving multiple vehicles in west Harris County on Wednesday afternoon, according to the Harris County Sheriff's Office Patrol District 4.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cd9zy545dxwo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Race across the world has shown us we can get through anything together 8 minutes ago Share Save Hannah Karpel BBC News Share Save StudioLambert/BBC Four famous duos have travelled nearly 6,000 km, hitchhiking through mountain towns, foraging in dense jungles, and battling challenges they never imagined, as contestants in Celebrity Race Across the World. What began on the sun-soaked easternmost tip of Mexico is about to come to a close on Thursday night as the teams race toward the windswept Península de La Guajira in Colombia, the series' final checkpoint. While the couple knew each others' strengths and weaknesses inside out, life in the public eye often left them feeling like "passing ships in the night." Their occasional holidays tended to have a single goal: complete relaxation. This challenge offered something entirely different: a chance to push their relationship into new territory, and to reconnect without the usual distractions – for presenter and DJ Tyler, that meant not even his beloved Biscoff biscuits. "I remember looking at the final checkpoint on the map and thinking, 'How on earth are we going to get there?' But reaching this far really puts things into perspective - we're not as bad at travelling as we thought." For actor and singer Molly, one of the biggest takeaways is a new-found confidence. Dylan: 'There's so much kindness out there' StudioLambert/BBC For actor Dylan Llewellyn and his mother Jackie, the race was less about crossing the finish line first and more about getting out of their comfort zone. "I'm so pleased that we pushed ourselves through the lows, and I'm proud of us both for getting to the end of leg five." The pair leaned on each other during the toughest moments but also learned the importance of asking for help. "We felt so much love and togetherness with families and it was really strong and beautiful to see." Anita: 'My dad has seen my more vulnerable side' StudioLambert/BBC Before the race began, broadcaster and writer Anita Rani and her father, Bal, were excited at the idea of five uninterrupted weeks in each others' company. "When Guatemala closed down, we missed a bus, or whatever, all those things are completely out of your control, and it's very frustrating, but that's part of the journey." For Anita and Bal, the race has become about far more than reaching the finish line. "I think my dad has seen a more vulnerable side of me that I don't normally show." Roman: 'It makes you realise there's so much more to life' StudioLambert/BBC Sibling duo Roman Kemp and Harleymoon were candid about their relationship not being as close as they would like: busy careers had reduced their interactions to quick spare-key handovers and dog drop-offs.

Link: https://feeds.texastribune.org/link/16799/17229188/texas-border-rio-grande-pollution-nuevo-laredo-sewage
Article: See our AI policy , and give us feedback This story is published in partnership with Inside Climate News, a nonprofit, independent news organization that covers climate, energy and the environment. “We all have a stake in taking care of the river.” Silvia Fernández Gallardo Boone and Juan Carlos Pérez of COMAPA at Nuevo Laredo’s wastewater treatment plant in October 2025. “It also represents an opportunity to move toward shared water security between Mexico and the United States.” Monitoring water quality The day before Fernández Gallardo toured the plant, Martin Castro and Tom Vaughan were on the other side of the border, knee deep in the Rio Grande. Castro, watershed science director at the Rio Grande International Study Center, and Vaughan, a center co-founder and emeritus biology professor at Texas A&M International University in Laredo, calmly explained that they were taking water quality samples. IBWC’s Fisher said bacteria levels are elevated in other parts of the river including in the urban areas of El Paso/Ciudad Juárez, Del Rio/Ciudad Acuña, Eagle Pass/Piedras Negras, and in Hidalgo County. “TCEQ is committed to advancing collaboration among federal, state, and binational partners to improve water quality and resilience in the border region,” said Texas Commission on Environmental Quality spokesperson Victoria Cann. Colorado State University emeritus political scientist Stephen Mumme, an expert on U.S.-Mexico relations, partially attributes maintenance problems to the “constant churn” in Mexican politics, in which local administrations change every three years. “The capacity to engage in the type of financing and planning that is often taken for granted in American cities is not yet fully realized in Mexican cities, even in border cities,” Mumme said. Jesús Frausto Ortega, coordinator of the water management graduate program at Colegio de la Frontera Norte in Monterrey, Mexico, said that previous efforts to stop the flow of sewage in Nuevo Laredo were like paving over a pothole. IBWC’s Fisher said the agency’s contribution came “as part of a long-standing practice to share the cost of extraordinary maintenance.” He said the funds were used to purchase six aerators needed for the biological process at the plant. “These are projects that you don’t see, but you feel the difference in the city.” Fernández Gallardo acknowledged that COMAPA must prevent deferred maintenance from once again hobbling the plant. Beckham added: “[We have to] ensure that these plants can be maintained over time … To avoid cycles of every 25 years where we have to lay out $80 million.” Martin Castro of the Rio Grande International Study Center said the upgrades are a “meaningful milestone.” “They underscore how urgently the river needs sustained infrastructure investment,” he said. “Continued investment and binational cooperation are essential to protect water quality for both communities.” Changing political, environmental climate While Nuevo Laredo is making strides, extreme drought and climate change are testing the fragile balance on the binational river. A November 2025 study led by the World Wildlife Fund found that 52% of water consumption in the Rio Grande Basin is unsustainable, causing depletion of reservoirs, aquifers and river flows. While Mexico increased Rio Grande water deliveries to the United States in the past year, the Trump administration has threatened Mexico with additional tariffs and even sanctions if the nation does not deliver more to Texas. and Mexico have “launched a new era of cooperation characterized by swift and decisive actions.” “No other bilateral relationship has a greater effect on the daily lives of the American people and President Trump and his cabinet are committed to improving the welfare, health, and prosperity of our border communities,” the spokesperson said. Disclosure: Texas A&M International University has been a financial supporter of The Texas Tribune, a nonprofit, nonpartisan news organization that is funded in part by donations from members, foundations and corporate sponsors.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/louvre-thieves-escaped-30-seconds-spare-senate-inquiry-128278696
Article: Thieves who stole over $100 million in crown jewels from the Louvre in October escaped with just 30 seconds to spare, according to a French Senate inquiry The courtyard and the pyramid of Le Louvre museum are seen Wednesday, Nov. (AP Photo/Christophe Ena) PARIS -- Thieves who stole more than $100 million in crown jewels from the Louvre in October escaped with barely 30 seconds to spare, a French Senate inquiry said Wednesday, as lawmakers detailed a cascade of security failures that allowed the gang to slip away in broad daylight.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/wireStory/democrats-victory-miami-mayoral-election-trump-128289018
Article: What a Democrat's victory in the Miami mayoral election may mean for Trump MIAMI -- MIAMI (AP) — Democrat Eileen Higgins’ victory in the Miami mayoral race marks a setback for Republican President Donald Trump, who endorsed her rival and has touted his 2024 win in the area as a testament to his appeal in Florida and particularly among Hispanic voters. In becoming the first Democrat to lead the city of 487,000 in nearly 30 years, Higgins said she will explore legal ways to unwind an agreement between the city and the federal government that empowers police officers to conduct immigration enforcement. “We need to look at all our legal options to ensure that our city police work for our neighborhoods and not on checking residents’ papers,” Higgins said in Spanish at a press conference Wednesday. But the president appeared dismissive on an issue that has damaged his popularity, saying inflation was no longer a problem and that Democrats were using the term “affordability” as a “hoax” to hurt his reputation. “I think every leader in America needs to think deeply about what they can do to help get the affordability crisis under control for the American people.” At the press conference on Wednesday, Higgins, however said that sometimes she and Trump have been in agreement, praising the president for maintaining funding for a new local transit project. And now they are.” Higgins said she heard from a medical clinic that had to immediately fire 27 employees who lost work authorization when the Trump administration stripped legal protections from more than 300,000 Venezuelan migrants. We don’t want law-abiding people to be ejected from our country, impoverishing their family and driving our economy into ruin.” Higgins could join the growing local opposition to Trump’s presidential library, which Republicans have pushed to build in downtown Miami. At a debate aired last month on Miami television station CBS 4, Higgins said that while it is “an honor” to be home to a presidential library, she felt this was a “land giveaway.” She said the state could have sold the land and paid for things that have been cut such as food aid and money for transit. “That doesn’t make any sense to me.” Earlier this year, Trump was accompanied by Miami Mayor Francis Suarez, who Higgins will succeed, at the White House in announcing Miami will host next year’s Group of 20 summit at his golf club in Doral, Florida, a suburb of greater Miami.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/10/the-fed-is-the-most-divided-its-been-in-more-than-a-decade.html
Article: There were three dissenters from the Federal Reserve's decision to lower the federal funds rate by a quarter percentage point on Wednesday, making it the most divisive the central bank has been in more than a decade. "'Hard dissents' from voting members as well as the 'soft dissents' seen in the dot plot highlight the Fed's hawkish bloc, and the return of 'extent and timing' language to the statement regarding future policy decisions was likely done to appease them," said Kay Haigh, global co-head of fixed income and liquidity solutions in Goldman Sachs Asset Management. "A new Fed Chair in 2026, and perhaps many more new Fed officials, means more interest rate cuts are coming next year as rate cuts are big on the Trump 2.0 economic agenda even if not listed explicitly, if for nothing else but to weigh against the slowing economy due to the import tariffs uncertainty." — CNBC's Jeff Cox contributed reporting.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/10/what-wall-street-expects-from-oracle-earnings-due-after-wednesdays-close-.html
Article: Shares of Oracle are up 32% year to date, but the cloud infrastructure company has seen shares crater more than 33% in the past three months on concern about its debt level and the financial viability of its massive AI deals . The stock caught fire after Oracle announced a $300 billion deal with OpenAI in early September, involving a five-year agreement requiring Oracle to also provide about 4.5 gigawatts of electric power. Take a look at what Wall Street is watching for in Oracle: Wells Fargo: Overweight rating, $280 price target "We see ORCL emerging as a leader in the AI super-cycle: nearly half a trillion in AI deals already booked & pole position w/ key accts (OpenAI, xAI, Meta, TikTok)," analyst Michael Turrin wrote in a Dec. "We see ORCL set to reach similar scale to next closest hyperscaler by 2029, underpinned by success landing numerous major AI infra projects (most notably OpenAI's 4.5GW / $300B+ compute contract). We est OCI will reach ~16% of the cloud market by 2029, up sharply from just 5% in 2025, though still trailing AMZN/ MSFT at 30%." JPMorgan: Neutral, $270 "In our view, sentiment has tended to swing too far and too fast in both directions without allowing for a reasonable assessment of middle-ground outcomes," analyst Mark Murphy said in a Tuesday note. Other potentially helpful commentary, for which we have absolutely no idea if Oracle would comment, could include Oracle's assessment of the quantum of debt capital raise required in the next several years, likely cost of capital, clarification of the ~$300B contract (max ceiling vs. hard fix, etc.), delineation of prepayment/ credit assurance mechanisms, timeframe for returning to positive FCF, amount of financing secured at fixed rates, when CapEx would peak as % of revenue, clarifying any linkages between Gemini models and OCI, etc." Deutsche Bank: Buy, $375 "More so than any quarter we can remember, we expect headline financials to be less of a primary focus when Oracle reports F2Q results on Wednesday Dec. just in October (see our note The bear case looks… bullish) that we believe boils down to confidence in the long-term prospects of not only Oracle but its large AI customers as well. Nothing the company reports or says this quarter can settle this; however, we do think greater clarity on the upcoming CapEx cycle and financing could provide investors some incremental comfort in more fully underwriting these targets," analyst Brad Zelnick said in a report on Monday. Q2 should see another big ($50bn+) RPO add, a sharp OCI accel from Phase 1 of Abilene, and soothing mgmt comments re risks," analyst Raimo Lenschow said in a Monday note, lowering his price target $70 to $330.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/10/trump-transportation-duffy-truckers-fired-english.html
Article: Transportation Secretary Sean Duffy speaks during a press conference to discuss the impact of the government shutdown on air safety workers and travel at Philadelphia International Airport in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, U.S., October 24, 2025. The industry – which was already grappling with declining freight volumes and rising overheads – is bracing for a significant drop in the supply of drivers because of the federal government's enforcement actions, Bloomberg reported. That order rescinded an Obama-era policy, which the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration says directed personnel to issue citations to commercial drivers who violate English standards, but not remove them from service.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/economy/2025/12/10/us-federal-reserve-cuts-interest-rates-in-final-decision-of-the-year?traffic_source=rss
Article: The cut was widely expected with an 89 percent probability of a rate cut, according to the CME Fed Watch, a tracker which monitors the likelihood of monetary policy decisions. “There is considerable uncertainty around the labour market, but some of the weights should begin to lift early next year,” Ryan Sweet, managing director, US Macro Forecasting and Analysis at Oxford Economics, said in a report published ahead of the central bank’s decision. This leaves the economy vulnerable to shocks because the labour market is the main firewall against a recession.” Political turmoil While the Fed has maintained its independence from partisan interference, there has been increased pressure from US President Donald Trump to cut rates further and he has often used hostile rhetoric towards the Fed chair to do it. On Wednesday, Miran, again, voted for a more aggressive cut of half a percentage point while governors Austan D Goolsbee and Jeffrey R Schmid voted not to make a rate cut at all. “Still elevated inflation and a backlog of economic data complicate the picture for the Fed looking into next year — with President Trump’s aggressive push for lower short-term rates potentially complicating the objective of bringing down longer-term borrowing costs,” Daniel Hornung, policy fellow at Stanford Institute of Economic Policy Research, said in remarks provided to Al Jazeera. Trump, in an interview published on Tuesday in news outlet Politico, said support for immediately cutting interest rates would be a requirement for anyone he chose to lead the Federal Reserve.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/news/us-news/gofundme-help-basic-expenses-rcna248415
Article: The fundraising website GoFundMe saw a sharp uptick this year in the number of people using the platform for help covering the cost of housing, food and other day-to-day necessities, according to the company’s annual analysis of campaigns. The timing coincided with a federal government shutdown that abruptly halted SNAP food assistance benefits and forced tens of thousands of federal employees to go without paychecks for several weeks. “In a year marked by natural disasters and growing everyday needs, the power of help united communities like never before: with 2.5 donations made every second on average, people across the globe came to GoFundMe to lift up others, support nonprofits, and strengthen communities,” the company said in the release.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nba/former-lakers-rival-makes-bold-austin-reaves-mvp-claim-11189423
Article: But in a moment of objectivity, Pierce fired back at LeBron James’ agent and close friend, Rich Paul, on his statement during his “Game Over” podcast with Max Kellerman that the current Lakers squad has no shot at winning a title this year. Pierce even went as far as to say that Austin Reaves, the former undrafted free agent who has risen to superstardom, shouldn’t just be an All-Star or be in talks for Most Improved Player — he should be in the race for MVP. More news: LeBron James’ Agent Sends Brutal Message About Lakers’ NBA Title Hopes Pierce would go on to say that although LeBron James has been slow to start in his first few games back in Los Angeles, being a third option makes the Lakers a dangerous threat to even the defending champions, the Oklahoma City Thunder. The 10-time NBA All-Star believes that once James is back in form and shakes off the rust, the Lakers could go on a deep run in the Western Conference and beyond.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nfl/andy-reid-sends-strong-message-on-patrick-mahomes-after-chiefs-7th-loss-11189383
Article: More news: Buccaneers Reunite With 3-Time Pro Bowl Pass-Rusher as Playoffs in Peril Kansas City still has an outside chance of sneaking into the playoffs, but it would require them to win their remaining four games and finish 10-7 — and even that might not be enough. They no longer control their own destiny and will need significant help from teams currently in the wild-card mix, such as the Los Angeles Chargers (who they play this week) and potentially the Houston Texans.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/ncaa/stephen-daley-out-indiana-college-football-playoff-11189435
Article: More News: Marcus Freeman ‘Upset’ With Alabama Jumping Notre Dame The Hoosiers have a few weeks off with the first-round bye, and will next play the winner of the Dec. Daley suffered a potential leg injury on a freak incident as he walked around the stadium giving high fives to fans after the Hoosiers' win." Video posted on X by Luke Versichelli shows Daley landing awkwardly on his right leg when he was jumping to greet IU fans after the Hoosiers' win on Saturday.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/nation-world/hiker-rescued-quicksand-utah-national-park/507-c2b42874-2cea-4910-b532-f5125715b98e
Article: It only cares that you stepped in the wrong place at the wrong time." Dirks said rescuers from the Grand County Search and Rescue team encouraged him to share his story, prompting him to detail the full experience online and host a Q&A of sorts in the comments. It was not." He was able to get his left leg free, but his right had sunk into what Dirks described as freezing "concrete." Dirks contacted rescue crews with the use of his Garmin satellite communication device, which he described as painstaking and recalled how he had to type with "frozen fingers, one letter at a time," after trying to free himself for over 30 minutes. The canyon Dirks had been trapped had no sun shining down on it, resulting in the freezing 21 degree air keeping the land and water around him cold, Marshall said. How to escape quicksand While Dirks' leg was at an odd angle and the freezing temperatures discouraged him from trying some of these methods, rescuers said he did nothing wrong, proving how dangerous quicksand can be.

Link: https://abc13.com/post/man-shot-multiple-times-north-harris-county-1-custody-authoriries-report/18272458/
Article: Due to the initial search, Spring ISD told ABC13 that a nearby school was placed in "secure mode" due to "police activity in the neighborhood, which was not a threat to Jenkins (Elementary School)."

Link: https://abc7.com/post/taylor-swift-gives-work-family-sneak-peek-end-era/18272485/
Article: 12 on Disney+ and the first episode will also air on ABC Taylor Swift gives her work family a sneak peek at 'The End of an Era' NEW YORK -- Taylor Swift gave her family and her work family a sneak peek at her new docu-series, "The End of an Era" in New York City. Walt Disney Studios Band members, back-up singers, dancers and Taylor's family were in attendance at the special screening, which took place at the Walt Disney Company's 7 Hudson Square Theatre. The six-episode series goes behind the scenes of "Taylor Swift | The Eras Tour." Fans will see how Taylor and team conceived the idea and they'll go behind-the-scenes to see all the inner workings of the tour that made headlines and made history! that features the entire set of "THE TORTURED POETS DEPARTMENT." Additionally, ABC will air episode 1 of "The End of an Era" and a one-hour presentation of "Taylor Swift | The Eras Tour | The Final Show," beginning December 12 at 8p/7c.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c80x3p331lxo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Italian cooking awarded Unesco cultural heritage status For millions of fans the news confirms what they already believed - from Sicilian Cannoli to Calabrian 'Nduja - Italian is the best. Prime Minister Giorgia Meloni, who has been pushing for her country's cuisine to be recognised since her election, said: "For us Italians, cuisine is not just food or a collection of recipes. It is so much more: it is culture, tradition, work, wealth." National favourites including pizza are already on Unesco's list of "intangible cultural heritage", but now Italian cooking traditions and the way they are practiced and transmitted have been awarded. Previous examples include "Washoku, traditional dietary cultures of the Japanese, notably for the celebration of New Year, Breakfast culture in Malaysia: dining experience in a multi-ethnic society, or the Gastronomic meal of the French," the spokesperson added. Speaking to La Repubblica, the Rome-based daily newspaper, chef Michelangelo Mammoliti said the news filled him with a great sense of pride both personally as an Italian, as well as professionally as a chef. "Italy is one of the nations where regional cuisine has a very big impact on culture and traditions," said the chef, whose restaurant La Rei Natura in Piedmont is the only new three-star restaurant in the 2026 Michelin Guide. Luigi Scordamaglia, CEO of Filiera Italia, which represents all the food and wine companies in the production chain, told Ansa news agency that the move from Unesco marked a success "for the entire Made in Italy supply chain". He added: "When we talk about the Mediterranean diet, we're talking about our wonderful Italian cuisine, which shares its principles, first and foremost those of balance and variety." Swimming pool culture in Iceland; the practice of Cuban Son music and dance; and the art of playing, singing and making the lahuta from Albania also entered Unesco's list of intangible cultural heritage.

Link: https://www.washingtonpost.com/nation/2025/12/10/south-carolina-prison-contraband/
Article: A drone dropped supplies that seemed destined for a crab boil at a South Carolina prison this week, staff said — a delivery that suggested inmates were planning a holiday feast. Among the items that arrived at the Lee Correctional Institution in Bishopville on Sunday morning were steak, crab legs, two bags of marijuana, a green pack of Marlboro cigarettes and a small container of Old Bay seasoning, photos from the South Carolina Department of Corrections show. “Seems some folks were planning an early holiday Old Bay crab boil and steak dinner along with their marijuana and cigarettes — all dropped by a drone at Lee CI,” the department wrote Monday on social media, alongside an emoji of a red crab and the hashtags “Contraband Christmas” and “WeAreCorrections.” Chrysti Shain, a spokesperson for the state Department of Corrections, said the prison experiences “nightly attacks” of drones seeking to drop drugs into prison yards, “but this was a bit unusual, even for us.” “I’m guessing the inmates who were expecting this package are a bit crabby,” she added. A 2023 report published by the National Institute of Justice, the research arm of the Justice Department, said the advancing technology of drones was a growing concern and prison staff would need better detection strategies to address the illicit deliveries.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/10/how-much-cash-to-keep-in-portfolio-.html
Article: "But while cash feels safe, we believe it is not an appropriate long-term investment for most investors." Most financial planners recommend keeping 2% to 10% of your portfolio in cash, with the specific amount depending on your goals and life stage, Alvarado noted. "I would maybe be cautious in this type of an environment and give yourself seven months to find that next job," said certified financial planner Sam Huszczo, founder of SGH Wealth Management in Lathrup Village, Michigan. This money can be held in high-yield savings accounts or money market accounts, with the former insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) up to $250,000 per depositor and per bank. "You can draw down from the portfolio without having to sell out at, perhaps, fire sale prices." Another way people can use cash is to shorten the duration of their overall portfolio, she said. "You tier your cash." For instance, Vanguard has a 0-3 Month Treasury Bill ETF (VBIL) with a 30-day SEC yield of 3.85% and an average duration of just over a month, and the Vanguard Ultra-Short Bond ETF (VUSB), which has a 4.24% 30-day yield and an average duration of a year.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/10/fafsa-will-now-tell-you-if-your-school-has-lower-earnings.html
Article: The department cited the nation's nearly $1.7 trillion in federal student debt owed and an NBC News poll that reports a growing share of Americans who say a college degree isn't worth the price as contributing reasons for implementing the disclosures. The College Scorecard is an online database of colleges and universities run by the Department of Education that allows users to explore and compare schools on factors including earnings outcomes, costs and graduation rates. "Not only will this new FAFSA feature make public earnings data more accessible, but it will empower prospective students to make data-driven decisions before they are saddled with debt," Secretary of Education Linda McMahon said in the press release. The department added in its announcement on the Federal Student Aid website that the earnings indicator "should not be interpreted as the Department passing normative judgment on what institutions are worthy of attendance," and that an institution's past performance is not necessarily predictive of an individual student's success.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/10/oldest-evidence-of-deliberate-fire-use-found-in-england?traffic_source=rss
Article: “We’re a species who have used fire to really shape the world around us – and now we know this is something Neanderthals were doing far earlier than we thought, just like us.” The evidence at Barnham suggests repeated fire use at temperatures above 700 degrees Celsius (1,292 degrees Fahrenheit), pointing to deliberate fire-starting rather than reliance on natural flames.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/mets-lose-pete-alonso-without-making-formal-offer-report-11189267
Article: "The Mets never made a formal offer to Pete Alonso, per source, as it became clear to them the bidding was heading to places they weren't interested in going," DiComo wrote on X on Wednesday.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/mlb/red-sox-lose-21-year-old-pitching-prospect-at-winter-meetings-11189812
Article: After free agents Edwin Diaz, Kyle Schwarber and Pete Alonso agreed to new contracts in Orlando, Florida, teams gathered to select minor league players who were eligible for the Rule 5 draft after being left unprotected on their organization's roster. More news: Red Sox Make Trade, Send Former Prospect to Angels Two picks into the draft, the Chicago White Sox raided the Boston Red Sox's farm system, selecting 21-year-old right-hander Jedixson Paez.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nfl/raiders-dealt-troubling-news-before-eagles-game-11189742
Article: The Las Vegas Raiders suffered their seventh straight loss in a 24-17 defeat at the hands of the Denver Broncos in Week 14 saw Pete Carroll's squad drop to 2-11 on the season. More Football: NFL Reaches Punishment Decision After Jaxson Dart Incident vs Patriots "I'm going to do what I think is the right thing to do, and if Geno can play, that's my thought," Carroll said. But we're not going to play him if he's not right, so Kenny will be ready to go." While Carroll remained optimistic regarding the team's starting quarterback, NFL Network insider Ian Rapoport suggested Smith is a longshot to suit up against the Philadelphia Eagles this weekend.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nfl/bears-hc-ben-johnson-gives-honest-assessment-of-browns-shedeur-sanders-11189495
Article: Chicago Bears head coach Ben Johnson recently addressed the media on his team's upcoming game against the Cleveland Browns, which he said his team "desperately" needs to win to remain on track for a potential playoff spot. The Browns feature rookie quarterback Shedeur Sanders, who is visiting Soldier Field and looking to bounce back after a controversial play by his coaching staff seemingly cost them the game. Johnson called the Browns "dangerous" with Sanders as quarterback, praising his ability to extend plays and "creating on his own." Read more: Eagles QB Jalen Hurts Gets Brutally Honest After Chargers Loss “He’s doing a great job as a rookie. He’s able to sit in and soak in that offense over the course of the spring and summer, and early in the season, you can tell that’s probably benefited him to a degree, because now he’s able to go out there and let it loose,” Johnson said.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/orioles-pursuing-190-million-ace-after-pete-alonso-addition-report-11189295
Article: It might be very expensive to add another big contract to the payroll, but the Orioles need to do it if they want to get to the postseason and beyond.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/snow-emergency-declared-for-over-300000-people-after-winter-storm-hits-11189079
Article: Higher amounts of 6 to 8 inches were reported further east in New Richmond and Eau Claire, according to snowfall reports from the National Weather Service (NWS) office for the Twin Cities. "Do not park on Night Plow Routes, which include downtown and all streets with signs posted "NIGHT PLOW ROUTE" and "NIGHT PLOW ROUTE THIS SIDE OF STREET," the alert said. on 12/10/2025, will be ticketed and towed." Beginning on Thursday morning at 8 a.m., all day plow routes will be plowed, with a similar warning urging people to not park along the day plow routes, which are not marked by signs.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nfl/historically-severe-weather-expected-before-bears-browns-clash-11189627
Article: During his matchup with the Bears on Sunday, Cleveland Browns rookie quarterback Shedeur Sanders will look to continue the momentum he gained in the team's 31-29 loss to the Tennessee Titans in Week 14. "It's expected to be one of the coldest games in Soldier Field history." In recent weeks, Bears head coach Ben Johnson has been critical of the passing game, suggesting Chicago had been winning games in October and November because of its rushing attack. And none of us are pleased with that.” On Sunday, both the Bears and Browns might be dialing up fewer passing plays due to the windy and frigid conditions in Chicago.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nfl/chiefs-patrick-mahomes-dealt-dire-update-ahead-of-chargers-matchup-11189544
Article: The Kansas City Chiefs' streak of 10 consecutive playoff appearances was already in danger after a Week 14 loss to the Houston Texans on Sunday -- but their AFC West counterpart Los Angeles Chargers, made matters worse on Monday night. Kansas City needs help from the rest of the league in holding off the Houston Texans, Buffalo Bills and Chargers from clinching their current holds on the AFC wild-card spots. Read more: Chiefs’ Travis Kelce Could Face Punishment From NFL for Postgame Actions Since Mahomes became the starter in 2018, the Chiefs have made seven consecutive trips to the AFC title game.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/mlb/dodgers-tarik-skubal-rumors-get-massive-update-11189354
Article: The Los Angeles Dodgers have established themselves as one of the most aggressive teams in the league, and with Tarik Skubal trade rumors floating around, the Dodgers have been linked to him. "You never know, they could be talking, but as far as a trade being close or done, how is this a thing?" Murray said on "The Baseball Insider: A FanSided MLB Podcast." "That's not real. It will take a phenomenal offer to get the Tigers to deal him, and as of right now, it does not look like the Dodgers have made such an offer.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/mlb/phillies-make-trade-acquire-hard-throwing-pitcher-from-rays-11189157
Article: More news: Phillies Lose Pitcher to $1 Million Contract in Free Agency Minor league reliever Tommy McCollum will go to Tampa Bay in the trade, according to Matt Gelb of The Athletic. More news: Red Sox Make Trade With Rays, Cut Former Silver Slugger Winner In August, Curet was named Southern League Pitcher of the Week while he was stationed with the Double-A Montgomery Biscuits.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/health/ut-southwestern-texas-health-resources-will-be-out-of-network-for-blue-cross-blue-shield-insurance-plan/287-001f0ce1-2248-4fcd-808a-c676e91f952d
Article: Southwestern Health Resources remains in the following networks, according to the Blue Cross Blue Shield of Texas website: ParPlan, Blue Choice PPO, Blue Essentials, MyBlue Health, Blue Cross Medicare Advantage (PPO), Blue Cross Medicare Advantage and Medicaid.

Link: https://abc13.com/post/man-shot-multiple-times-north-harris-county-1-custody-authorities-report/18272458/
Article: Due to the initial search, Spring ISD told ABC13 that a nearby school was placed in "secure mode" due to "police activity in the neighborhood, which was not a threat to Jenkins (Elementary School)." For more news updates, follow Lileana Pearson on Facebook, X and Instagram.

Link: https://abc7.com/post/former-real-housewives-star-jen-shah-moved-prison-community-program-remainder-sentence/18272565/
Article: Former 'Real Housewives' star moved from prison to community program for remainder of her sentence Jennifer Shah, a former star on "The Real Housewives of Salt Lake City," has been moved from a federal prison into a community confinement program. Jennifer Shah, a former star on "The Real Housewives of Salt Lake City," has been moved from a federal prison into a community confinement program after serving less than half of her sentence for defrauding thousands of people. A Bureau of Prisons spokesperson confirmed that Shah was transferred Wednesday morning from the Federal Prison Camp in Bryan, Texas to the program overseen by the Phoenix Residential Residential Reentry Management Office. "For privacy, safety, and security reasons, we do not discuss the conditions of confinement for any individual, including reasons for transfers or release plans, nor do we specify an individual's specific location while in community confinement," BOP spokesperson Emery Nelson wrote in an email to The Associated Press. Attorney Robert Sobelman said she was the most culpable of more than 30 defendants accused of participating in the nationwide fraud targeting people who were often vulnerable, older or unsophisticated electronically. Shah pleaded guilty to a conspiracy charge in July 2022, and during her sentencing she apologized to the "innocent people" she said she'd hurt and pledged to pay $6.5 million in restitution and forfeiture once she is released from prison. Prosecutors said she used profits from the fraud to live a life of luxury that included living in a nearly 10,000-square-foot mansion in Utah dubbed "Shah Ski Chalet," an apartment in midtown Manhattan and leasing a Porsche Panamera. It was all my fault and all my wrongdoing," Shah said, later continuing, "I wish I could have stood outside myself and seen the harm I was causing and changed course.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/world/eu-enlargement-chief-says-ukraines-membership-inevitable-despite-hungarys-objections
Article: “I would be worried if there were real concerns.” KYIV, UKraine (AP) — The European Union’s enlargement chief said Wednesday she is confident Hungary will not derail Ukraine’s path to membership, which she described as “inevitable.” “On EU membership of Ukraine — which is inevitable — I see this as a political anchor of security guarantees,” she said, noting that “There has never been a war on the territory of the European Union.” Ukraine hopes to join the bloc by the end of the decade and remains frustrated that its path to NATO membership looks uncertain. Kos hinted that the process could move even faster, saying “The quicker the reforms which are needed will be done, the quicker the process can be.” Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orbán has opposed launching membership talks while the war continues. Yet, Kos dismissed his objections saying “We do not need Orbán to do the reforms which are necessary for Ukraine to become a member of the EU.” The Slovenian diplomat toured the heavily damaged power plant, where heavy machinery was blackened, control panels melted and a giant hole gaped in the roof of one of the main buildings. At first it’s very difficult to orient yourself in the smoke.” Company officials asked that the plant’s location and the full names of employees not be published for security reasons.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/world/trump-says-u-s-seized-oil-tanker-off-coast-of-venezuela
Article: WASHINGTON (AP) — President Donald Trump said Wednesday that the United States has seized an oil tanker off the coast of Venezuela amid mounting tensions with the government of Venezuelan President Nicolás Maduro. military flew a pair of fighter jets over the Gulf of Venezuela in what appeared to be the closest that warplanes had come to the South American country’s airspace since the start of the administration’s pressure campaign. has built up the largest military presence in the region in decades and launched a series of deadly strikes on alleged drug-smuggling boats in the Caribbean Sea and eastern Pacific Ocean.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/economy/as-expected-wall-street-rises-closer-to-its-all-time-high-after-the-fed-cuts-rates
Article: stock market is rising closer to its all-time high on Wednesday after the Federal Reserve cut its main interest rate to bolster the job market, just like nearly everyone on Wall Street expected. On Wall Street, GE Vernova flew 15.4% higher after the energy company raised its forecast for revenue by 2028, doubled its dividend and increased its program to buy back its own stock.

Link: https://www.nytimes.com/video/us/100000010547944/how-the-tate-brothers-returned-to-the-united-states.html
Article: How the Tate Brothers Returned to the United States Andrew Tate and his brother, Tristan, were prohibited from leaving Romania for years after they were accused of trafficking dozens of women for a porn business.

Link: https://feeds.texastribune.org/link/16799/17229209/texas-migrant-detention-fort-bliss-abuse-allegations-aclu-report
Article: Immigration and Customs Enforcement officers to cross the border into the Mexican desert — even if they have no connection to Mexico — or be sent to jail in third countries, human rights groups allege in a letter to the federal border protection agency. The facility has become a “human and civil rights catastrophe,” the American Civil Liberties Union and other organizations said in the letter sent Monday to ICE and Fort Bliss officials. DHS Assistant Secretary Tricia McLaughlin told the Washington Post that “no detainees are being beaten or abused” and that all people being deported to third countries are given due process protections. The 19-page letter follows months of interviews with more than 45 detained people at Fort Bliss and is accompanied by 16 sworn declarations by immigrants detained at the facility, ACLU said in the news release. Other organizations that signed the letter include the ACLU of New Mexico, the ACLU of Texas, Estrella del Paso, Human Rights Watch, Las Americas Immigrant Advocacy Center, the New Mexico Immigrant Law Center and the Texas Civil Rights Project. After speaking with dozens of detained immigrants, the reports are clear: abuse, neglect, and unsafe living conditions are widespread,” Estrella del Paso, a nonprofit organization of the Catholic Diocese of El Paso, posted on Instagram, demanding “immediate action and accountability.” Third-country removals The groups are calling for President Donald Trump’s administration to halt all third-country removals from Fort Bliss, such as deportations to Mexico of non-Mexican immigrants, until procedural safeguards are in place. According to the ACLU report, ICE officers reportedly handcuffed non-Mexican detainees at Camp East Montana, loaded them onto vans and transported them over an hour away to the U.S.-Mexico border near Santa Teresa, New Mexico. In one sworn declaration, a Cuban immigrant held at the Fort Bliss facility said officers handcuffed him and about 20 others, placed them on a bus and drove them to the border. “If we don’t want to go to Mexico, then we would either be sent to a jail cell in El Salvador or Africa,” Isaac, a pseudonym used to protect his identity, said in his declaration. Historically rare and based on individual cases, the practice expanded sharply under the second Trump administration as a tool to remove or intimidate immigrants who could not legally be returned to their home countries due to risks of persecution, according to the American Immigration Council. The Supreme Court’s ruling is pending the outcome of an appeal to the lower court, expected to be heard in federal court in Massachusetts this month, the Washington Post reported. Medical neglect, other allegations Other allegations in the ACLU report include: Medical neglect: Detainees report delayed or denied medical, dental and mental health care, including failure to administer prescription medication on time or at all, despite serious chronic conditions. Restricted access to legal counsel: Access to attorneys and legal resources are severely restricted or effectively denied: the facility reportedly lacks a functioning law library, detainees have limited or non-private phone access, and legal visits are often blocked or delayed. Limited access to recreation: Detainees report extremely limited access to outdoor recreation or fresh air; many say they have gone weeks or months without seeing the sky or being allowed outside, violating standards for detainee well-being. The detained teenager, who uses Samuel as a pseudonym for his safety, told attorneys he was beaten by officers, sustained injuries across his body and broke his front tooth after being slammed to the ground. Samuel attested one officer ”grabbed my testicles and firmly crushed them,” while another “forced his fingers deep into my ears.” He said he felt dizzy and fought to remain conscious while an officer laughed at him for having a chipped tooth and said Samuel was “like a little girl,” the report states. Continued allegations of abuse at Camp East Montana Camp East Montana opened in August in what was an active construction site and now holds more than 2,700 men and women — part of a militarized expansion of immigration detention under the Trump administration. DHS called the report “false and misleading,” with McLaughlin in a statement saying any claims of inhumane conditions at ICE detention centers “categorically false.” The statement said all detainees are provided with proper meals, medical treatment and are provided opportunities to communicate with attorneys and family members. The $1.2 billion facility — expected to grow to about 5,000 detainees to become the country’s largest federal detention center for civil detainees — is funded by the Department of Defense under the reconciliation bill. Veronica Escobar called the conditions at Camp East Montana “dangerous and inhumane.” “They have been since the facility opened at the beginning of August (when it was still an active construction site), and only seem to be deteriorating,” the El Paso congresswoman wrote. “It is increasingly clear that it is not a safe nor professionally managed facility.” She said staff are unable to maintain accurate population counts, and pressed for answers about staffing, vendor changes and protocols. Escobar said people held at Camp East Montana continue to face unsafe and unhealthy conditions, including foul-tasting drinking water, poor-quality food and inconsistent laundry services that force some detainees to wash clothes in showers. Disclosure: ACLU Texas has been a financial supporter of The Texas Tribune, a nonprofit, nonpartisan news organization that is funded in part by donations from members, foundations and corporate sponsors.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/us-seizes-tanker-off-coast-venezuela-trump/story?id=128290987
Article: US seizes tanker off coast of Venezuela, Trump says President Donald Trump speaks during a roundtable discussion in the Roosevelt Room of the White House in Washington, December 10, 2025.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/appeals-court-rules-new-jerseys-medically-assisted-suicide-128290567
Article: A federal appeals court has ruled that a New Jersey law that permits terminally ill people to seek life-ending drugs applies only to residents of the state and not those from beyond its borders FILE - The New Jersey State House is seen in Trenton, N.J., June 27, 2017. (AP Photo/Seth Wenig, File) A New Jersey law that permits terminally ill people to seek life-ending drugs applies only to residents of the state and not those from beyond its borders, a federal appeals court ruled. New Jersey lets its residents make that choice—but only its residents." In addition to New Jersey, the District of Columbia and 10 other states permit assisted suicide in terminal cases. The case was brought by a Delaware woman with stage 4 lymphoma who wanted the option of doctor-assisted suicide and challenged the New Jersey residency requirement but died after oral arguments in the case. Initially, there were other plaintiffs, including a Pennsylvania woman who had metastatic breast cancer but who died before the appeal of a lower court's dismissal of the challenge, as well as another New Jersey doctor who has retired. Phil Murphy signed the legislation in 2019, saying that while his Catholic faith might lead him not to end his own life if he were terminally ill, he wouldn’t deny the choice to others. The law requires two doctors to sign off on a request and that the terminally ill patient be deemed an adult resident of New Jersey who can make such a decision, who voluntarily expresses a wish to die and who has a prognosis of six months or fewer to live.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/former-official-georgia-baptist-university-indicted-charges-lying-128290389
Article: A former vice president at a Baptist university in Georgia has been indicted for allegedly lying about sexually assaulting a woman Former official at Georgia Baptist university indicted on charges of lying about sexual assault CLEVELAND, Ga. -- A former vice president at a Baptist university in northeast Georgia has been indicted on charges that he lied when he denied sexually assaulting a woman who was a student and later a university employee. Truett McConnell issued a statement May 30, saying that it first became aware of the allegations in February 2024, when the administrator informed the university he was under investigation by the White County Sheriff’s Office “regarding an inappropriate relationship.” The university said Bradley’s employment ended within days and that school leaders later learned that the administrator had sent “hundreds” of “sexually-explicit and theologically-twisted” emails from a personal account. Marcia Shein, the woman's attorney, told the Now Habersham website that her client is “very grateful that the DA in White County investigated, and that the district attorney presented the case to the grand jury.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/trump-us-seized-oil-tanker-off-coast-venezuela-128291441
Article: President Donald Trump says the United States has seized an oil tanker off the coast of Venezuela amid mounting tensions with the government of Venezuelan President Nicolás Maduro Trump says the US has seized an oil tanker off the coast of Venezuela By AAMER MADHANI Associated Press and KONSTANTIN TOROPIN Associated Press President Donald Trump speaks during a roundtable on farm subsidies in the Cabinet Room of the White House, Monday, Dec. (AP Photo/Alex Brandon) WASHINGTON -- President Donald Trump said Wednesday that the United States has seized an oil tanker off the coast of Venezuela amid mounting tensions with the government of Venezuelan President Nicolás Maduro. military flew a pair of fighter jets over the Gulf of Venezuela in what appeared to be the closest that warplanes had come to the South American country’s airspace since the start of the administration’s pressure campaign. has built up the largest military presence in the region in decades and launched a series of deadly strikes on alleged drug-smuggling boats in the Caribbean Sea and eastern Pacific Ocean.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Technology/wireStory/nasa-loses-contact-maven-spacecraft-orbiting-mars-past-128291233
Article: NASA has lost contact with a spacecraft that's been orbiting Mars for more than a decade NASA loses contact with its Maven spacecraft orbiting Mars for the past decade This combination of ultraviolet spectrum images provided by NASA shows atmospheric features of the planet Mars in July 2022, left, during the southern hemisphere’s summer season, and the planet’s northern hemisphere in January 2023 after Mars had passed the farthest point in its orbit from the Sun, captured by the MAVEN (Mars Atmosphere and Volatile EvolutioN) spacecraft. (NASA/LASP/CU Boulder via AP) This combination of ultraviolet spectrum images provided by NASA shows atmospheric features of the planet Mars in July 2022, left, during the southern hemisphere’s summer season, and the planet’s northern hemisphere in January 2023 after Mars had passed the farthest point in its orbit from the Sun, captured by the MAVEN (Mars Atmosphere and Volatile EvolutioN) spacecraft. Scientists ended up blaming the sun for Mars losing most of its atmosphere to space over the eons, turning it from wet and warm to the dry and cold world it is today.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Entertainment/wireStory/movie-review-emma-mackey-battles-political-scandal-wooden-128290476
Article: What’s even less believable is that smart supporting actors like Jamie Lee Curtis, Ayo Edebiri, Woody Harrelson and Rebecca Hall didn’t walk out in protest of a lack of coherence. If only Ella would listen to Helen, who tells her, in advice that's ignored, that Ryan is “a ticking time bomb in your life.” Which just might be the one decent line given to poor Curtis in the whole movie. We won’t reveal the specifics, but soon after, when Ella and Helen have a screaming session in the living room — you know, just for fun — it’s tempting to join in.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/10/us-venezuela-oil-tanker-seize.html
Article: "We've just seized a tanker on the coast of Venezuela — a large tanker, very large, the largest one ever seized actually," Trump said during a meeting in the Roosevelt Room at the White House.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/10/trump-fed-interest-rates-powell.html
Article: President Donald Trump on Wednesday said the Federal Reserve's latest decision to cut benchmark interest rates by a quarter percentage point could have been "at least doubled." Trump, who has long urged the central bank to slash rates in order to spur further economic growth, called Fed Chair Jerome Powell "a stiff" who approved a "rather small" cut. The decision was the middle-ground choice among a divided Fed: Two of the members preferred not to change rates, while Stephen Miran, a Trump administration economic official, favored a larger cut.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/video/2025/12/10/strategy-slams-msci-proposal-to-exclude-digital-asset-treasuries-from-indexes-cnbc-crypto-world.html
Article: Share Share Article via Facebook Share Article via Twitter Share Article via LinkedIn Share Article via Email Strategy slams MSCI proposal to exclude digital asset treasuries from indexes: CNBC Crypto World On today's episode of CNBC Crypto World, digital currency investors react to the Fed's decision to cut rates.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/10/the-market-likes-what-it-heard-from-the-fed-plus-lillys-new-6b-manufacturing-investment.html
Article: Market moves : Stocks got a boost and bond yields dipped Wednesday afternoon after the Federal Reserve lowered the target range of its key interest rate by a quarter-point to 3.5% to 3.75%. Nine of the 12 voting members of the central bank's policymaking committee supported the rate cut, which we see as a positive, given there had been some debate around more of a split vote. The so-called dot-plot of individual member expectations signaled one Fed cut next year and another in 2027, but we don't like to read too much into this because the data will ultimately dictate future rate cut decisions. The pharmaceutical giant said it plans to invest more than $6 billion in a facility in Alabama that will produce orforglipron, the oral GLP-1 medication that is expected to get FDA approval and to launch early next year. The one line we liked in the press release is that Lilly plans to use "state-of-the-art technologies, including machine learning, AI, digitally integrated monitoring systems, and advanced data analytics to drive right-first-time execution." Right-the-first-time is a pillar of the Six Sigma business philosophy, referring to completing things correctly on the first attempt, with minimal need for rework and corrections. This idea may not be new for Eli Lilly, and we don't know if Nvidia is involved in the AI component, but it highlights how broader advances in physical AI and digital-twin technology can help companies reduce waste and improve efficiency in the design of new facilities. (See here for a full list of the stocks in Jim Cramer's Charitable Trust.) As a subscriber to the CNBC Investing Club with Jim Cramer, you will receive a trade alert before Jim makes a trade.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/video/newsfeed/2025/12/10/rwanda-backed-m23-militia-storms-drc-city-displacing-200000?traffic_source=rss
Article: NewsFeed Rwanda-backed M23 militia storms DRC city, displacing 200,000 About 200,000 people have fled eastern Democratic Republic of the Congo after Rwanda-backed M23 rebels surged into the strategic city of Uvira Wednesday, killing at least 74 people and threatening a US-led peace deal signed days earlier.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/10/trump-admin-seizes-oil-tanker-off-venezuela-coast-reports?traffic_source=rss
Article: The news outlets Reuters and Bloomberg reported on Wednesday that the US Coast Guard led an operation to commandeer the vessel, but no details have been released about its name and location. So you’ll be seeing that later, and you’ll be talking about that later with some other people.” The Trump administration has ramped up threats against Venezuela, deploying considerable military forces to the Caribbean region. It has been reported that President Trump has been pondering for weeks now what kind of action to take in Venezuela and has been very clear that he is contemplating regime change,” he added.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/politics/politics-news/us-seizes-oil-tanker-coast-venezuela-trump-says-rcna248478
Article: "Large tanker, very large, largest one ever seized actually." Trump did not provide details on the matter but said that it was an “interesting day.” He also hinted that more may develop as “other things are happening.” News of the seizure comes after Trump told Politico in an interview published Tuesday that Venezuelan President Nicolás Maduro's "days are numbered." Trump declined to comment to Politico on whether the U.S. Hegseth defended the strike by saying he didn't personally see the survivors before approving another hit, citing the "fog of war." Bipartisan lawmakers in both the House and the Senate have started inquiries into the administrations attack on these boats.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/mlb/mets-4-time-all-star-sends-powerful-message-after-pete-alonso-bids-farewell-11189911
Article: More news: Mets Lose Star Free Agent to Orioles on Massive $155 Million Deal: Reports The Mets' four-time All-Star, who played in Queens from 2003-11 and 2016-18, took to his Twitter/X account Wednesday to post a single sad emoji. More news: Mets Lose Free Agent Pitcher to Padres Wednesday, the final blow arrived: free agent first baseman Pete Alonso had agreed to a five-year, $155 million contract with the Baltimore Orioles. Even if the Mets are able to improve on their 83-79 record next season and return to the playoffs, that's a lot of familiar faces to lose in a short time period. More news: Mets Lose All-Star Outfielder to AL East Club in Free Agency While pundits use the next few days to honor the tradition of picking the "winners" and "losers" of the Winter Meetings, perhaps no group lost more than Mets fans. "You've now paid — unless you get a bat — Juan Soto to walk 150 times a year," former Mets pitcher and current broadcaster Ron Darling said on MLB Network on Wednesday.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/betting/draftkings-promo-code-claim-200-bonus-for-nba-cup-nfl-week-15-games-11189971
Article: Here are some of the bets to consider tonight: Devin Booker 15+ points (-467) Collin Gillespie 2+ threes (-474) Shai Gilgeous-Alexander 35+ points + rebounds + assists (-462) De'Aaron Fox 18+ points (-422) Luka Doncic 45+ points + rebounds + assists (-309) LeBron James 45+ points + rebounds + assists (-413) Place your $5 bet on any of these markets and wait for it to settle to see if you win the $200 in bonus bets. DraftKings Wednesday Promos Now, we will go through each of the promos you can claim for tonight: The Shaq Pack: Get two 30% profit boosts for NBA games tonight 30% Soccer Profit Boost: Get a 30% profit boost for a SGP or SGPx for all Champions League matches 30% CBB Profit Boost: Get a 30% profit boost for a college basketball SGP or SGPx tonight Daily Drop: Get a 20% all-purpose profit boost 30% NHL Profit Boost: Get a 30% profit boost for a SGP or SGPx tonight 25% Soccer Profit Boost: Get a 25% profit boost for Real Madrid vs. Manchester City Unlock DraftKings Promo Code Welcome Offer Click here and go to the registration page, then enter basic identifying information (Name, birth date, mailing address, etc.) to create your account.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/ncaa/indiana-announces-historic-curt-cignetti-news-ahead-of-college-football-playoff-11189628
Article: For the first time since 1988, Indiana defeated Ohio State to win the Big Ten title—a feat they hadn’t accomplished since 1967—and secured the top overall seed in the College Football Playoff. More news: Diego Pavia Vows to Give Up His NIL Money if This CFP Scenario Happens While Cignetti isn’t the only reason for the team’s success, he has undoubtedly been the driving force. On Wednesday, Cignetti was officially awarded the Walter Camp National Coach of the Year for the second consecutive season, becoming the first coach in history to win the honor back-to-back.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/thomas-alito-appear-to-back-execution-of-intellectually-disabled-man-11189439
Article: Alito argued that setting a new precedent could lead to additional death-row inmates appealing, noting that a ruling for Smith could create a situation “where everything is up for grabs in every case." Alabama sought to overturn lower federal court rulings that determined Joseph Clifton Smith, 55, met the legal definition of intellectual disability despite never scoring below 70 on any of his five IQ tests, which ranged from 72 to 78. Advocates, medical experts and legal scholars emphasize that the outcome could shift the landscape for individuals with intellectual disabilities facing capital punishment, potentially affecting how courts weigh medical and psychological evidence when a person’s IQ is near the traditional cutoff of 70. Virginia, the Court in 2014 and 2017 held that states should consider other evidence of disability in borderline cases because of the margin of error in IQ tests, AP reported. Rights organizations for people with disabilities filed supporting briefs warning against reliance on IQ scores alone, emphasizing that such methods “are faulty and invalid.” The Court’s discussion reflected broader concerns raised by states and disability advocates about evolving science and the consistency of criminal justice. A federal judge vacated Smith’s sentence in 2021, calling it “a close case.” Alabama law currently defines intellectual disability as an IQ of 70 or below, with significant adaptive behavior deficits manifesting before age 18. Supreme Court Justice Samuel Alito, said on Wednesday that a ruling for Smith would lead to messy court fights for other death row inmates "where everything is up for grabs in every case.” Robert M. Supreme Court arguments Wednesday: “There is no way that he can prove an IQ below 70.” What Happens Next The Supreme Court is expected to issue its decision in Hamm v. Alabama and at least 20 other states have pressed for a standard more reliant on strict test score thresholds, while disability advocates and Smith’s legal team urge a broader consideration of all evidence in close cases.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nba/lakers-reportedly-expected-to-pursue-all-defensive-forward-11189828
Article: Although the Lakers have a top-three-player on their roster in Luka Doncic and two other star players, including Austin Reaves and LeBron James, many pundits and experts didn't think LA would get off to such a hot start as they have thus far. While that is the case, it is clear that the Lakers need to make a trade or two to truly compete with the likes of the Oklahoma City Thunder and other top teams in the league. His ability to guard multiple positions at a high level makes him exactly the type of player Los Angeles has been searching for as they look to tighten things up on that end of the floor. More news: NBA Rivals Considering Steep Trade Price for $59 Million Clippers Star His play style is something that teams strongly desire, especially a team like the Lakers, which is looking to make major upgrades in that part of its roster. Outside of a few bright spots, Los Angeles has players on the roster who either specialize primarily on the offensive end or simply haven’t met expectations defensively to start the year. Bringing in a versatile defender of Jones’ caliber would immediately balance the rotation, giving the Lakers a reliable stopper who can cover for some of those shortcomings.The Pelicans are down in the dumps now, and the LA could take advantage of that opportunity and offer them a solid package in the process.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/betting/bet365-bonus-code-week365-claim-150-bonus-for-nba-cup-cbb-nfl-week-15-11189932
Article: Bet boosts like these are great options for this offer: Shai Gilgeous-Alexander 30+ points, Devin Booker 25+ points, Jalen Williams 20+ points, Dillon Brooks 15+ points, Chet Holmgren 15+ points, Grayson Allen 10+ points (+2000 boosted to +2200) Luka Doncic and LeBron James EACH 25+ points and 5+ assists (+575 boosted to +700) If you prefer the $1,000 safety net, wager up to that amount on any market. Bet365 Wednesday In-App Offers Let's go through some of the in-app promos currently available with bet365: Champions League Safety Net: Get up to $10 back in bonus bets if your Champions League SGP loses Soccer Early Payout: Get a winning payout for a soccer moneyline bet if your team goes up by two NBA Instant Payout: Get a winning payout for an NBA moneyline bet if your team goes up by 20 points Register With Bet365 Bonus Code WEEK365 Let's go through the steps required to get set up with this welcome offer from bet365: to go to the registration page Click here to go to the registration page Enter the bonus code WEEK365 Input basic identifying information (Legal name, date of birth, mailing address, phone number, etc.) Make a deposit with a secure payment method (Credit/debit card, online banking, etc.) Place your first bet to activate your desired reward from bet365 Make sure to use any bonus bets you get within one week before they expire from your account Newsweek may earn an affiliate commission if you sign up through the links in this article.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/mlb/phillies-lose-26-year-old-strikeout-machine-to-nl-east-rival-11188862
Article: McGarry, a 26-year-old San Francisco native who the Phillies chose with their fifth-round selection in the 2021 draft out of Virginia, made 21 starts in the Phillies organization this season, and while his overall numbers weren't excellent, his strikeouts jumped off the page. Per the structure of the Rule 5 proceedings, the Nationals must carry McGarry on their active major league roster for the entire season, or place him on the injured list (for valid causes, of course). Seeing as the Nationals were desperate for pitching and are likely staring at another rebuild under new president of baseball operations Paul Toboni, it came as no surprise that they were willing to take a shot on someone with as much arm talent as McGarry. The only question now is whether McGarry will serve as a starter in Washington, which he was in the minors this year, or be converted to a high-leverage reliever, which is a more typical path for Rule 5 selections to take.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/missing-woman-abducted-over-40-years-ago-found-alive-11189419
Article: Kentucky officials announced on Monday that Michelle Newton, who disappeared as a child in 1983, was found alive and reunited with her biological family more than 40 years after she went missing, WDRB reported. The Jefferson County Sheriff's Office said Newton, who had been living under a new identity in another state, contacted authorities after discovering her “true family history,” according to the outlet. She disappeared with her mother, Debra Newton, who said she was relocating to Georgia "to begin a new job and prepare a new home for the family," according to the outlet. Debra was once among the FBI's top eight Most Wanted parental-kidnapping fugitives and was named in a custodial-interference indictment and an FBI Unlawful Flight to Avoid Prosecution warrant, according to a news release obtained by the outlet. Their work — and the courage of a Crime Stoppers tipster — brought a daughter home to her family after four decades." Joseph Newton, Michelle Newton’s father, in comments to WLKY: “She’s always been in my heart. I can’t explain that moment of that woman walking in and getting to put my arms back around my daughter.” What Happens Next Debra is expected back in court on January 23, according to WLKY.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/nation-world/aaa-predicts-busiest-holiday-travel-season/507-f10caa20-5dd1-4459-9111-8d31866a9ac0
Article: “Holiday celebrations look different for everyone, but a common thread is the desire to travel, whether it’s returning to your hometown or exploring new destinations.” According to AAA, driving remains the most popular way to travel. AAA estimates 8.03 million travelers will fly domestically during the holiday period, marking a 2.3% increase from last year and the first time air travel has exceeded 8 million during this time period. Based on booking data, round-trip domestic flights average close to $900 this season, about 7% higher than last year, with the days leading up to Christmas being the most expensive.

Link: https://abc13.com/post/2-suspects-custody-following-police-pursuit-maple-village-drive-cypress-harris-constable-pct-4-says/18272620/
Article: 4 says HARRIS COUNTY, Texas (KTRK) -- Two suspects are in custody after a police chase for a vehicle that did not stop for deputies ended in a brief manhunt in Cypress, according to Pct.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cx257k3n2g1o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: The central bank said on Wednesday it was lowering the target for its key lending rate by 0.25 percentage points, putting it in a range of 3.50% to 3.75% - its lowest level in three years. "We should have the lowest rates in the world." A data blackout during the longest-ever US government shutdown, which ended in November, has left policymakers partially in the dark about the state of the economy. But while tariffs appear to be boosting some consumer prices, recent milder-than-expected inflation readings have allowed the Fed to focus on boosting the labour market by lowering rates, analysts said.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c8r30py751mo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Sarkozy releases prison diaries about his 20 days behind bars 3 hours ago Share Save Hugh Schofield Paris Share Save Reuters The former French president wrote about his brief imprisonment for criminal conspiracy Rushed out in under three weeks, Nicolas Sarkozy's new book "A Prisoner's Diary" has plenty of colour about what it's like for a former president to find himself in the isolation wing of a French jail. "One could almost have thought one was in a bottom-of-the-range hotel – were it not for the reinforced door with an eye-hole for the prison guards to look through." Sarkozy, 70, was released from La Santé prison in Paris last month after serving 20 days of a five-year jail sentence for taking part in an election campaign funding conspiracy. Told he would have to spend 23 hours out of 24 in his room – and that contact with anyone other than a prison employee was forbidden – the former president chose not to take the option of a daily walk in the yard, "more like a cage than a place of promenade". Media thronged Sarkozy's book signing in central Paris on Wednesday There is plenty more like this: how he was kept awake on his first night by a neighbour in the isolation wing singing a song from The Lion King and rattling his spoon along the bars of his cell. Sarkozy was sent to jail after a court found him guilty of criminal association for allowing subordinates to try to raise election money 20 years ago from Libya's Colonel Gaddafi. At the end of the trial in October, the judge – who could have allowed Sarkozy to remain at liberty pending his appeal – ruled instead that he should go to jail. Indeed at one point Sarkozy compares himself with France's most famous victim of justice, Alfred Dreyfus – the Jewish officer who was sent to Devil's Island on a trumped-up espionage charge.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/nation/aja-wilson-wins-ap-female-athlete-of-the-year-following-historic-4th-wnba-mvp
Article: “Just to have my name be a part of it, I’m blessed.” Wilson is only the fifth basketball player to be honored as the Female Athlete of the Year since it was first presented in 1931, joining Sheryl Swoopes (1993), Rebecca Lobo (1995), Candace Parker (2008, 2021) and Clark. To have that mixture of humility, grace and skill, there’s a reason why she’s doing things that have never been done.” This season was different for Wilson and the Aces, who had cruised to their previous two titles as a heavy favorite. This year, with a month to go, the Aces were sitting at .500 and were in danger of missing the playoffs after coming off a record 53-point loss against Minnesota. Despite her numbers being on par with her unanimous MVP season the year before, Wilson heard the chatter that she wasn’t playing as well and that she wasn’t the front-runner to repeat as the league’s top player. I’m just going to continue to prove why I’m one of the greatest and why my team is part of a dynamic dynasty.” Wilson raised her game even further in the playoffs, helping the Aces survive decisive winner-take-all games in the quarterfinals and semifinals. “It’s fair to say the expectations for her are so sky high now, she’ll be compared to a degree to the unanimous MVP she was the year before,” ESPN analyst Rebecca Lobo said. “Even though she wasn’t unanimous MVP this year, the journey she had this season was different and she was playing the best basketball of her career in the playoffs.” “Every year, you wonder how she’ll get better, and she always does.” Wilson became the first player in either the WNBA or NBA to win the MVP, Defensive Player of the Year, Finals MVP and lead the league in scoring in the same season.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/world/u-s-prosecutors-move-to-drop-soccer-tv-rights-corruption-case
Article: prosecutors told the Supreme Court on Tuesday that they want to give up their fight to preserve the convictions of a former Fox executive and South American sports media company in a corruption case related to TV rights for international soccer tournaments. Hernan Lopez, ex-CEO of Fox International Channels, and Full Play Group SA were convicted in 2023 after a trial in New York but subsequently granted an acquittal by a judge. Prosecutors told the Supreme Court the government has now determined that “dismissal of this criminal case is in the interests of justice,” though they did not expand on their rationale. During Lopez’s trial, witnesses said he was one of a number of executives who orchestrated bribes to officials at CONMEBOL, the governing body for soccer in South America, that helped Fox get broadcasting rights to the Copa Libertadores South American club championship.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/politics/republicans-are-torn-over-health-care-heres-what-we-know
Article: Americans who earn an annual income of more than 400% of the federal poverty limit and who get their health insurance on the exchange stand to lose subsidies if Congress doesn’t act. Replace the subsidies, which go to insurance companies, with direct payments to individuals, to be used to shop for health care either within or outside of the Affordable Care Act. No plan yet: President Donald Trump and House Speaker Mike Johnson President Donald Trump and House Speaker Mike Johnson Move to HSAs: Senate Republican Leader John Thune Senate Republican Leader John Thune Extend current subsidies: Democratic leaders Chuck Schumer and Hakeem Jeffries What specific plans are on the table?

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/science/nasa-loses-contact-with-maven-spacecraft-orbiting-mars-for-the-past-decade
Article: Scientists ended up blaming the sun for Mars losing most of its atmosphere to space over the eons, turning it from wet and warm to the dry and cold world it is today.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/world/south-korea-to-require-advertisers-to-label-ai-generated-ads
Article: SEOUL, South Korea (AP) — South Korea will require advertisers to label their ads made with artificial intelligence technologies from next year as it seeks to curb a surge of deceptive promotions featuring fabricated experts or deep-faked celebrities endorsing food or pharmaceutical products on social media. Following a policy meeting chaired by Prime Minister Kim Min-seok on Wednesday, officials said they will ramp up screening and removal of problematic AI-generated ads and impose punitive fines, citing growing risks to consumers — especially older people who struggle to tell whether content is AI-made. Lee Dong-hoon, director of economic and financial policy at the Office for Government Policy Coordination, said in a briefing that such ads are “disrupting the market order,” and that “swift action is now essential.” “Anyone who creates, edits, and posts AI-generated photos or videos will be required to label them as AI-made, and the users of the platform will be prohibited from removing or tampering with those labels,” he said. AI-generated ads using digitally fabricated experts or deepfake videos and audios of celebrities, promoting everything from weight-loss pills and cosmetics to illegal gambling sites, have become staples across the South Korean spaces of YouTube, Facebook and other social media platforms. The government will seek to revise the telecommunications act and other related laws so the AI-labeling requirement, along with strengthened monitoring and punitive measures, can take effect in early 2026. South Korea’s Food and Drug Safety Ministry identified more than 96,700 illegal online ads of food and pharmaceutical products in 2024 and 68,950 through September this year, up from around 59,000 in 2023. The problem is also spreading into areas such as private education, cosmetics and illegal gambling services, leaving the Korea Consumer Agency and other watchdogs struggling to keep pace, the Government Policy Coordination Office said. A Seoul court last month sentenced a 33-year-old man to life in prison for running an online blackmail ring that sexually exploited or abused more than 200 victims, including many minors who were threatened with deepfakes and other manipulated sexual images and videos. 2 official behind President Lee Jae Myung, said during the policy meeting that it’s crucial to “minimize the side effects of new technologies” as the country embraces the “AI era.” The plans to label AI-generated ads were announced as Lee, in a separate meeting with business leaders, reiterated his government’s ambitions for AI, pledging national efforts to strengthen South Korea’s capabilities in advanced computer chips that power the global AI race. Government plans include more research and development spending on AI-specific chips and other advanced semiconductor products as well as expanding the country’s chip manufacturing hubs beyond metropolitan areas near the capital city of Seoul to the southern regions. The science and telecommunications ministry also said Wednesday it will require the country’s wireless carriers to transition to 5G standalone networks, which are seen as optimal for advanced AI applications because of their higher bandwidth and lower latency, as a condition for renewing their 3G and LTE licenses.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/world/foreigners-allowed-to-travel-to-the-u-s-without-a-visa-could-soon-face-new-social-media-screening
Article: The notice published Wednesday in the Federal Register said Customs and Border Protection is proposing collecting five years worth of social media information from travelers from select countries who do not have to get visas to come to the U.S. WASHINGTON (AP) — Foreigners who are allowed to come to the United States without a visa could soon be required to submit information about their social media, email accounts and extensive family history to the Department of Homeland Security before being approved for travel. The announcement refers to travelers from more than three dozen countries who take part in the Visa Waiver Program and submit their information to the Electronic System for Travel Authorization, which automatically screens them and then approves them for travel to the U.S. The announcement also said that CBP would start requesting a list of other information, including telephone numbers the person has used over the past five years or email addresses used over the past decade. The application that people are now required to fill out to take part in ESTA asks for a more limited set of questions such as parents’ names and current email address. But the agency said it was complying with an executive order that Republican President Donald Trump signed in January that called for more screening of people coming to the U.S. Travelers from countries that are not part of the Visa Waiver Program system are already required to submit their social media information, a policy that dates back to the first Trump administration. The heightened interest in social media screening has drawn concern from immigration and free speech advocates about what the Trump administration is looking for and whether the measures target people critical of the administration in an infringement of free speech rights.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/10/what-doublelines-jeffrey-gundlach-is-betting-on-after-the-fed-decision.html
Article: So I think a commodity index makes some sense in here." His comments came after the Federal Reserve on Wednesday lowered its key overnight borrowing rate by a quarter percentage point, putting it in a range between 3.5%-3.75%.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/politics/congress/house-republicans-struggle-agree-health-care-plan-subsidies-obamcare-rcna248437
Article: Insurance premiums are set to skyrocket for millions of Americans in the New Year, if Congress fails to extend subsidies for the Affordable Care Act (ACA) that are set to expire on Dec. Bowing to conservatives, House Speaker Mike Johnson, R-La., and his leadership team are moving forward with a proposal that wouldn't extend those subsidies, but would instead offer Americans some funds to defray health care costs. Facing the looming deadline, Republicans are under enormous pressure to vote on a health plan to insulate their party from Democratic attacks over rising health insurance premiums and protect their fragile House and Senate majorities. Jim Jordan, R-Ohio, stood up and warned that Republicans need to include some sort of extension of the ACA funding in their plan alongside conservative reforms, according to a source with knowledge of his remarks. If they exclude the ACA money, Jordan warned that GOP moderates will team up with Democrats and force a bill to a vote through a discharge petition, which means the right would achieve even less. Remember, they don’t actually want to fix this problem.” But other Republicans acknowledged a more comprehensive overhaul of Obamacare — something the GOP has grappled with for the better part of 15 years — will take much more time. And despite Jordan's warning, it's unclear whether GOP lawmakers who want the ACA money extended will succeed at using a “discharge petition” to end-run him and force a health care bill to the floor, as a group of Republicans successfully did with the recent measure to force the release of the Jeffrey Epstein files. Discharge petitions need a majority of the House, or 218 members to force a vote; meaning a handful of Republicans and all Democrats would need to sign on for it to succeed. Fitzpatrick rolled out a bill Tuesday that would extend the ACA funds for two years alongside a series of other policies, such as broadening access to tax-advantaged health savings accounts and overhauling rules around pharmacy benefit managers. “These ACA tax credits expire at the end of this month, and so the procedural problems will make it so that everyone’s health care premiums skyrocket,” he said, while adding that he hasn’t reviewed Fitzpatrick’s bill.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/state/texas-news/why-gov-greg-abbott-wants-let-taxpayers-decide-whether-cities-can-raise-cut-taxes/287-75048db0-1349-4f61-8cb8-8fc6f105c704
Article: Greg Abbott, as part of his reelection campaign, wants to make it harder for Texas cities and counties to raise property taxes — a move that would put local governments in an even tighter financial bind as the state grows. In a bid to rein in city and county tax bills, lawmakers in 2019 enacted tighter limits on how much more in property taxes cities and counties can collect each year without asking voters. “Local property taxes are the foundation of essential community services — they keep police and firefighters on duty, streets maintained, and trash collected,” said Monty Wynn, who heads the Texas Municipal League, a lobbying group that represents more than 1,100 cities and towns. We look forward to working with our state legislative partners to keep Texas communities strong.” There are signs that the approach, combined with billions of state dollars in school tax relief, has at least kept property tax bills in check. Abbott and GOP legislators have grown frustrated that, for all the billions of dollars they’ve plugged into cutting school property tax bills, tax bills remain high, at least in part because city and county taxes have continued to grow. For example, the average Dallas County homeowner paid about 10% less in property taxes to Dallas Independent School District this year than they did in 2018 when adjusting for inflation, a Tribune analysis shows. Fast-growing cities and towns like Princeton, Celina and Leander would hypothetically not have been allowed to exceed the 3.5% spending cap had it been in place in the years following the COVID-19 pandemic, according to a Tribune analysis. Only parts of the state that have consistently lost residents in the last several years — mostly rural areas in the Panhandle and West Texas — would’ve been allowed to regularly exceed the cap, the Tribune’s analysis shows. Tightening that cap would be a fair way to curb property tax bills because it doesn’t favor one kind of property owner over another, said Manish Bhatt, a senior tax policy analyst at the conservative Tax Foundation. Now, cities and counties only must ask voters if they want to exceed the state’s 3.5% cap on local property tax revenue increases, and it only takes a simple majority for those increases to pass. Some 46 school districts and cities asked voters for permission to adopt a higher tax rate in November, according to a partial Tribune tally of tax-rate elections held across the state. “I don't think that a small minority of voters should get to veto the preferences of a majority of voters,” said Adam Langley, associate director of tax policy at the Lincoln Institute of Land Policy.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/nation-world/jeff-garcia-jimmy-neutron-voice-actor-dead/507-1ea7a5eb-a406-4560-8e53-d4b3b689a4c8
Article: Jeff Garcia, an actor and comedian who lent his voice to characters across a number of animated movies and series in the 2000s, has died at age 50, his family confirmed Wednesday. Most notably, he voiced Sheen Estevez in the "Jimmy Neutron" film and Nickelodeon television series, and its spinoff, "Planet Sheen." "With a very heavy heart, I would like to inform everybody that my father, Jeff Garcia, has passed away," his son, Jojo Garcia, said in a post on social media. He was a Father, Son, Uncle, Cousin, Brother, but most of all, he was my best friend." According to TMZ, Garcia had dealt with multiple medical issues over the past year, including a brain aneurysm.

Link: https://abc13.com/post/spring-isd-close-link-elementary-school-dueitt-middle-district-says/18272672/
Article: Spring ISD to close 2 schools after losing over $13 million in federal funding, district says HOUSTON, Texas (KTRK) -- Two Spring ISD schools won't be reopening for the 2026-27 school year, the school district announced. At its December board meeting, after several months of reviewing the District Optimization Plan, the Spring ISD Board of Trustees voted to close Link Elementary School and Dueitt Middle School starting next school year, according to Spring ISD. Board President Justine Durant said the decision was part of a larger response plan and was made because the district lost over $13 million in federal funding, enrollment has declined, and the schools are running at about 60% capacity.

Link: https://abc13.com/post/faithful-friends-donor-network-helping-feed-families-year-round/18272787/
Article: I give as much as I can because I grew up food insecure." If you're not in a position to give year-round, consider donating through the 45th annual Share Your Holidays, benefiting the Houston Food Bank. About ABC13 Share Your Holidays What started as an idea to put a food drive on TV for an hour has morphed into a Houston-area wide event going strong 45 years later as the ABC13 Share Your Holidays Food Drive.

Link: https://abc7.com/post/new-korean-crime-thriller-made-korea-delivers-high-stakes-drama-ruthless-showdown/18272760/
Article: Set in 1970s Korea, the series follows a KCIA agent living a double life and the prosecutor determined to bring him down New Korean crime thriller, 'Made in Korea,' unfolds a world of espionage and deadly power struggles LOS ANGELES -- Grab your popcorn because a new crime thriller is on the way, set in the high-stakes political underworld of 1970s Korea.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Business/wireStory/major-us-stock-indexes-fared-wednesday-12102025-128294359
Article: stock market neared its all-time high after the Federal Reserve cut its main interest rate to bolster the job market, and hopes strengthened for more cuts to come in 2026 How major US stock indexes fared Wednesday, 12/10/2025 The Associated Press By The Associated Press The U.S. stock market neared its all-time high after the Federal Reserve cut its main interest rate to bolster the job market, and hopes strengthened for more cuts to come in 2026. The rate cut was widely expected, but investors said comments from Fed Chair Jerome Powell may have been less harsh about closing off the possibility of future cuts than Wall Street had been bracing for.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Health/wireStory/botulism-outbreak-sickens-50-babies-expands-byheart-products-128293677
Article: Federal health officials have expanded an outbreak of infant botulism tied to ByHeart baby formula to include any illnesses reported since the company began production in 2022 Botulism outbreak sickens more than 50 babies and expands to all ByHeart products FILE - Stephen Dexter holds a container of ByHeart baby formula, which was recently recalled by ByHeart, in Flagstaff, Ariz., on Wednesday, Nov. (AP Photo/Cheyanne Mumphrey, File) Federal health officials on Wednesday expanded an outbreak of infant botulism tied to recalled ByHeart baby formula to include all illnesses reported since the company began production in March 2022. News that ByHeart products could have been contaminated for years was distressing to Andi Galindo, whose 5-week-old daughter, Rowan, was hospitalized in December 2023 with infant botulism after drinking the formula. Galindo, 36, of Redondo Beach, California, said she insisted on using ByHeart formula to supplement a low supply of breast milk because it was recommended by a lactation consultant as “very natural, very gentle, very good for the babies." “That's a hard one,” Galindo said. “If there is proof that there were issues with their manufacturing and their plant all the way back from the beginning, that is a problem and they really need to be held accountable." ByHeart officials did not immediately respond to questions about the expanded outbreak. In 2022, the year ByHeart started making formula, the company recalled five batches of infant formula after a sample at a packaging plant tested positive for a different germ, cronobacter sakazakii. In 2023, the FDA sent a warning letter to the company detailing “areas that still require corrective actions.” A ByHeart plant in Reading, Pennsylvania, was shut down in 2023 just before FDA inspectors found problems with mold, water leaks and insects, inspection documents show.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Entertainment/wireStory/oscars-recognize-casting-time-offering-spotlight-key-job-128293675
Article: Oscars recognize casting for the first time, offering a spotlight on a key job in the movie industry This image released by the Television Academy shows Bernard Telsey at the Television Academy's Casting Directors Nominee Reception in West Hollywood, Calif., on Sept. “Our job is to know the actors that are out there or know how to find the actors that we don’t know,” says Bernard Telsey, one of the heavy hitters in the world of casting, who, with Tiffany Little Canfield, populated both “Wicked” movies. “It’s only going to make the profession that much stronger and people that much more aware of what we do.” The Emmys have three categories for casting, and the Critics Choice Awards just added a casting trophy this year. “I think that it’s taken time just to get recognition for that art because a lot of the work that casting directors do happens before a lot of the rest of the production team is brought on board.” Telsey, along with his team at The Telsey Office, casts in every medium, from the films “Mary Poppins Returns” and “Kiss of the Spider Woman” to TV shows like “The Gilded Age” and “Only Murders in the Building.” He came up through theater, casting such Tony Award-winners as “Maybe Happy Ending,” “Kinky Boots” and “Hairspray.” “Wicked” and “Wicked: For Good” represented one of his team's biggest challenges, filling hundreds of roles and dance parts over more than a year of filming and across continents. “You don’t really know until you get to see it.” To keep tabs on as many actors as possible, Telsey goes to the theater four or five nights a week and spends weekends trying to catch up on TV and movies. “Every day you feel like you’re behind and there’s another hundred actors I don’t know and how am I going to meet them and how am I going to see them? Those things have changed over the last 20 years.” Telsey, whose first big breakout casting was the show “Rent” — “just a little musical that nobody wanted to do,” he jokes — has also seen technology change the job, especially as auditions move online, streaming TV explodes and the movie and film business get more global.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/10/us-congressman-randy-fine-suggests-palestinians-should-be-destroyed-first?traffic_source=rss
Article: United States Congressman Randy Fine, an ally of President Donald Trump, has suggested that the Palestinian people should be destroyed, boasting that he is not afraid to be called Islamophobic. During a congressional hearing on Tuesday, Fine – who has a long history of Islamophobic and anti-Palestinian statements – cited the myth that Israelis are banned from going to some areas in the occupied West Bank due to “apartheid” imposed against Israeli settlers. “When you are dealing with a group of people who continually call for the destruction of the State of Israel, who are OK with signs that say, ‘Jews may not enter these areas’, we want to be free of Jews, how do you make peace with that?” Fine asked Morton Klein, president of the Zionist Organization of America, during the hearing. Or is there another way that we have to go?” Klein – who previously used the slur “filthy Arab” and called for profiling Muslims in the US – said Islam needs to undergo a “reformation” and accept “Israel as a Jewish state”. A United Nations convention defines genocide as “acts committed with intent to destroy, in whole or in part, a national, ethnic, racial, or religious group, including killing, causing harm, preventing births, forcibly transferring children, and imposing life conditions to cause destruction”. Israel’s genocidal war on Gaza, which has killed nearly 70,400 Palestinians and turned nearly the entire territory into rubble, aimed to destroy the Palestinian people, leading rights groups and UN investigators have said. Abed Ayoub, executive director at the American-Arab Anti-Discrimination Committee (ADC), slammed Fine, calling him “the Temu version of Benjamin Netanyahu,” referring to the discount online retailer and the Israeli prime minister. “His unhinged, genocidal rhetoric shows his desperation as he tries to appease his bosses back in Tel Aviv.” This isn’t the first time that Fine – who was elected to Congress earlier this year with the endorsements of Trump and the American Israel Public Affairs Committee (AIPAC) – has made inflammatory statements about Palestinians. “Now is the time to speak truth, not bathe in political correctness that will kill us.” Despite such comments, Fine – who refers to himself as the Hebrew Hammer – has been a regular guest on some mainstream media outlets, including CNN. “It’s one thing to read disgusting, racist, anti-Palestinian, anti-Black, and xenophobic vile on social media 24-7, but we’re not supposed to hear it from actual elected officials in this country,” Abudayyeh told Al Jazeera. “This is what the Trump era has brought to the political arena: hateful speech from hateful people like Randy Fine, a sickening Zionist apologist for genocide who is allowed to spew his racism without condemnation from the rest of his party or his president.”

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/education/schools/grapevine-colleyville-isd-trustees-vote-on-plan-to-close-2-elementary-schools/287-9741b3b7-4fc2-49e0-932f-c9b47c92efcf
Article: Tate offered to try to raise $1.2 million if the president of the Grapevine-Colleyville ISD board of trustees promised not to close any schools in Grapevine in the 2026-2027 school year. "It felt like the decision had been made at the very beginning of the process and everything else has just been for show," said Grapevine-Colleyville ISD parent Patty Thompson, who has a child at Dove Elementary School.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/GMA/GMA3/video/dancing-stars-holiday-special-brings-festive-fun-128046982
Article: 'Dancing with the Stars' holiday special brings festive fun "Dancing With the Holidays" will feature holiday-themed routines from professional dancers, a performance by Pentatonix, and appearances from special guests and past contestants.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/GMA/Shop/video/holiday-gift-guide-ideas-family-128034039
Article: Holiday gift guide ideas for the whole family "GMA" sponsor Duluth Trading Company and lifestyle contributor Lori Bergamotto share stylish ways to stay warm in layers as the temperature drops this December.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/west-virginia-national-guard-member-killed-dc-shooting-128294765
Article: A private funeral has been held for a West Virginia National Guard member who was shot to death last month in the nation’s capital West Virginia National Guard member killed in DC is shooting laid to rest By The Associated Press A makeshift memorial for U.S.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/detroit-suburb-finds-real-christmas-tree-fake-china-128294938
Article: A Christmas tree-lighting ceremony in a Detroit-area community will go on as planned Detroit suburb finds a real Christmas tree — instead of a fake one from China — just in time DEARBORN HEIGHTS, Mich. -- A Detroit suburb worried about the late delivery of an artificial Christmas tree from China has instead received the real thing — a towering Norway spruce — just in time for a community tree-lighting celebration. The 40-foot (12-meter) tree was transplanted Monday at city hall in Dearborn Heights, thanks to the Michigan farm that grew it and a local Muslim American business owner who helped pay the $10,000 expense, WXYZ-TV reported. Mo Baydoun, the new mayor who is also Muslim, said the Christmas tree is a sign of unity at a time when there's a lot of "hate that’s kind of going around." In recent weeks, there was a small but contentious anti-Islam protest next door in Dearborn.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/house-voting-defense-bill-raise-troop-pay-overhaul-128295967
Article: The House is headed toward a final vote on a sweeping defense bill that authorizes $900 billion in military programs The seal is seen on a podium at the Pentagon, Wednesday, Dec. (AP Photo/Mark Schiefelbein) WASHINGTON -- The House was headed toward a final vote Wednesday on a sweeping defense bill that authorizes $900 billion in military programs, including a pay raise for troops and an overhaul of how the Department of Defense buys weapons. The annual National Defense Authorization Act typically gains bipartisan backing, and the White House has signaled “strong support” for the must-pass legislation, saying it is in line with Trump's national security agenda. Yet tucked into the over-3,000-page bill are several measures that push back against the Department of Defense, including a demand for more information on boat strikes in the Caribbean and support for allies in Europe, such as Ukraine. It also strikes a compromise between the political parties — cutting climate and diversity efforts in line with Trump's agenda, while also boosting congressional oversight of the Pentagon and repealing several old war authorizations. “We need a ready, capable and lethal fighting force because the threats to our nation, especially those from China, are more complex and challenging than at any point in the last 40 years,” said Rep. Adam Smith, the top Democrat on the armed services panel, called the bill “the most ambitious swing at acquisition reform that we’ve taken.” Smith lamented that the bill does not do as much as Democrats would like to rein in the Trump administration but called it “a step in the right direction towards reasserting the authority of Congress.” “The biggest concern I have is that the Pentagon, being run by Secretary Hegseth and by President Trump, is simply not accountable to Congress or accountable to the law,” he said. They had pushed for reforms after a midair collision this year between an Army helicopter and a jetliner killed all 67 people aboard the two aircraft near Washington's Ronald Reagan National Airport. Lawmakers included a provision that would cut Hegseth's travel budget by a quarter until the Pentagon provides Congress with unedited video of the strikes against alleged drug boats near Venezuela. The defense bill requires the Pentagon to keep at least 76,000 troops and major equipment stationed in Europe unless NATO allies are consulted and there is a determination that such a withdrawal is in U.S.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/tens-thousands-join-anti-government-protests-bulgaria-128295620
Article: Tens of thousands of people have joined the latest massive protests across Bulgaria, accusing the government of widespread corruption Students wave Bulgarian flag as as a swelling crowd of tens of thousands of Bulgarians filled Sofia's central square, demanding the government's resignation amid rising anger over corruption and contested economic policies, Sofia, Bulgaria, Wednesday, Dec. (AP Photo/Valentina Petrova) Students wave Bulgarian flag as as a swelling crowd of tens of thousands of Bulgarians filled Sofia's central square, demanding the government's resignation amid rising anger over corruption and contested economic policies, Sofia, Bulgaria, Wednesday, Dec. (AP Photo/Valentina Petrova) SOFIA, Bulgaria -- Tens of thousands joined the latest massive protests across Bulgaria on Wednesday, accusing the government of widespread corruption and underscoring political rifts just weeks before the country is to join European nations that use the euro as the official currency at the start of next year. At the core of the protesters' frustrations is the role of Bulgarian politician and oligarch Delyan Peevski, who has been sanctioned by both the United States and Britain, and whose MRF New Beginning party backs the government. Bulgarian President Rumen Radev wrote on Facebook that Wednesday's demonstrations were in effect a vote of "no confidence in the Cabinet.” Radev, an opponent of the government who hails from the political left, urged the lawmakers to listen to the people and to “choose between the dignity of free voting and the shame of dependence” when they vote on Thursday.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/10/here-are-the-five-big-takeaways-from-wednesdays-fed-rate-decision.html
Article: "Given the lack of consensus on the Committee displayed today, along with the slow release of traditional economic data, and the arrival of a new Fed Chair early in 2026, we think the Fed is likely to remain on hold for a while. Still, continued softness in some of the labor indicators can certainly bring another 25 bps cut into the mix for January." — Rick Rieder, head of fixed income at BlackRock and a reported finalist to succeed Powell "The Fed's guidance probably tells us less than usual about the interest rate outlook, for two big reasons. In 2026, the Fed seems more likely to cut rates by more than signaled in the December Dot Plot than by less." — Bill Adams, chief economist, Comerica Bank "The Fed lifted its expectations of growth next year which, along with the increase in cash to American households via changing tax policy, will create doubt about the path of monetary policy.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/10/coca-cola-coo-henrique-braun-ceo-.html
Article: Coca-Cola Chief Operating Officer Henrique Braun will succeed James Quincey as CEO next year, the company said Wednesday, as Coke and its rivals navigate tepid consumer demand for soft drinks.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/10/why-the-stock-market-rallied-so-much-on-the-fed-time-to-bet-on-a-year-end-melt-up.html
Article: Here are some of the items coming out of the Fed , its summary of economic projections, as well as Fed Chair Jerome Powell's post-meeting news conference that are bullish for the stock market. The Fed said it will resume buying Treasury securities, with purchases expected to remain "elevated" for a few months before it will likely be "significantly reduced." In his post-meeting remarks, Powell gave considerable attention to a weaker labor market that suggested the central bank will shift to supporting the economy. "The market got the cut it wanted and although a January cut isn't the base case, by no means did they put cold water on that potential move." "Then the cherry on top was a stronger forecasted economy next year, never something we'd consider a bad thing," Carson added. "We're not surprised to see near term optimism in the markets given that the Fed continues to cut rates even though the economy is growing," wrote Chris Zaccarelli, chief investment officer at Northlight Asset Management. "However, we think the rose colored glasses may come off once investors realize that the path to lower interest rates may take longer – or may not materialize at all – to the extent that they believe it will." Others pointed out the growing risk to the labor market, which must remain carefully under watch. Both paths lead to the same destination." Ultimately, however, the gains to productivity from artificial intelligence could be the fuel the stock market needs to continue its bull run: "The biggest takeaway is that AI-led productivity gains might might be enough for investors to overlook the fact that rates aren't coming down fast enough next year," said Hardika Singh, economic strategist at Fundstrat Global Advisors. "And that is all that matters because as this decade's bull market has illustrated, higher rates need not be a bull killer if AI is there." Here are some of the other views on the Street. Roach, chief economist at LPL Financial: "Compared to the previous edition, the current Summary of Economic Projections has higher growth expectations, lower inflation, lower unemployment, and no change in the projected appropriate policy path for fed funds rate. Goldilocks is here." Sonu Varghese, global macro strategist at Carson Group: "The Fed cut rates in December as expected, and moreover, they didn't shift rate cut expectations for 2026 even as they projected stronger economic growth with slightly lower inflation. However, there were a couple of dissents in favor of pausing on cuts and we expect continued angst amongst Fed members about elevated inflation, which may push the next cut out to March instead of January." Ellen Zentner, chief economic strategist at Morgan Stanley Wealth Management: "The Fed delivered a rate cut, but it arrived in a somewhat hawkish package.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/10/honduran-military-vows-to-ensure-orderly-post-election-power-transfer?traffic_source=rss
Article: Armed forces chief Roosevelt Hernandez said on Wednesday that the military, which carried out a coup in 2009 and has a history of intervening in elections, would guarantee that the results were honoured. “We have said we will support and recognise the results.” The Honduran election has been mired by allegations of fraud and impropriety by various parties, as well as United States President Donald Trump’s suggestion before voting that US funding for the country would be cut if anyone but his preferred candidate won. Preliminary results show Rixi Moncada, Libre’s presidential candidate, trailing far behind centre-right Salvador Nasralla and Trump-backed Nasry Asfura, who currently leads by a small margin of about 40,000 votes, or about 1.32 percent. Technical issues experienced during the counting process by the National Electoral Council (CNE) have also added to the uncertainty, and CNE leader Ana Paola Hall requested the military to deploy forces outside of buildings where ballots are being stored. Advertisement Protests seeking clarity on the outcome of voting have remained peaceful, but tensions remain high, stoked by memories of previous flawed elections and violent repression following the 2009 coup.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/sports/college-football/michigan-fires-coach-sherrone-moore-rcna248511
Article: This conduct constitutes a clear violation of University policy, and UM maintains zero tolerance for such behavior.” Moore, 39, became the Wolverines’ head coach in 2024 after Jim Harbaugh left for the NFL.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/entertainment/youtube-tv-makes-massive-sports-move-impacting-espn-disney-customers-11190553
Article: According to The Athletic’s Andrew Machand, the streaming giant is set to roll out a new sports-only subscription plan for customers that will be cheaper than its current streaming package, which runs users $82 per month. Marchand speculated the price could be in the “$55-60 range with an introductory three-month trial that might be slightly cheaper.” More News: Vikings WR Justin Jefferson Involved in Sideline Incident With Team Security The news comes less than four weeks after YouTube TV and Disney found a resolution to their carriage dispute that left sports fans without access to the ESPN family of networks for two weeks on the middle of the NFL and college football seasons. More News: NFL Insider Says This Head Coach Could Be the Next to Be Fired The YouTube TV sports package will reportedly include most major sports channels including FS1, NBC Sports Newtork, and every Disney-owned ESPN channel including ESPN, ESPN2, ESPNU, ESPNEWS, ESPN Deportes, ESPN on ABC, ESPN+, SEC Network, and ACC Network. But YouTube TV is ascending with around 10 million subscribers putting it in striking distance to soon move past Spectrum and Comcast’s 12 million.” More News: Marcus Freeman-NFL Rumors Take Major Turn After Notre Dame’s CFP Snub

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/venezuela-oil-tanker-seizure-new-video-trump-bondi-11190552
Article: Bondi posted, "Today, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, Homeland Security Investigations, and the United States Coast Guard, with support from the Department of War, executed a seizure warrant for a crude oil tanker used to transport sanctioned oil from Venezuela and Iran. This seizure, completed off the coast of Venezuela, was conducted safely and securely—and our investigation alongside the Department of Homeland Security to prevent the transport of sanctioned oil continues." This is a breaking news story.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/graham-platner-janet-mills-chances-beating-susan-collins-maine-polls-11190426
Article: A previous poll of 783 people by the Maine People’s Resource Center (MPRC) in late October, from the 26 to the 29, also found that Platner would win the general election, 44.8 percent to Collins' 40.9 percent. What People Are Saying Michigan Governor Gretchen Whitmer endorsed Mills in a social media post: “As a Democratic governor with a record of getting stuff done, @janetmillsforme is the right choice to defeat Susan Collins and hold Republicans accountable in D.C.” Dan Shea, a professor of political science at Colby College, previously told Newsweek: "Democrats want to beat Susan Collins. It's older women, middle-aged teachers, suburban dads, savvy business owners, and old-school liberals." What Happens Next Polling and assessments of the 2026 Senate race are expected to shift in the months ahead as campaigns ramp up, and candidates’ positions reach more people.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/ncaa/acc-accidental-email-notre-dame-11190509
Article: On Tuesday, Notre Dame athletic director Pete Bevacqua suggested that an apology from the ACC might not be enough to undo the “permanent damage" done between the conference and the Fighting Irish during the final month of the regular season. Quite frankly, I don't think an apology does anything or unwinds what has happened.” "But at the right time we'll sit down with the ACC leadership and I think hopefully have a frank, honest, hopefully a productive conversation. “With that said, when it comes to football, we have a responsibility to support and advocate for all 17 of our football-playing member institutions, and I stand behind our conference efforts to do just that leading up to the College Football Playoff Committee selections on Sunday.” It's interesting that Notre Dame was included on those emails, seeing as Phillips' argument was that the 17 football programs were treated differently than the Irish because they're not a full participant in the conference for that sport.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nfl/nfl-draft-to-undergo-major-change-in-2026-11190106
Article: We don’t yet know who will be on the clock first in Pittsburgh when the NFL draft kicks off in April 2026, but we do know they will have less time to choose who they want as the first pick. More news: Kyler Murray Wanted Control Over Cardinals’ Roster, Draft Strategy: Report "The NFL notified teams today that it will shorten the time between picks in the first round of the draft from 10 to 8 minutes starting with the 2026 draft in Pittsburgh," Schefter wrote on X. Roger Goodell had first mentioned this possibility on the Friday of the Green Bay draft on Pat McAfee’s show." This is a move by the NFL to streamline one of its biggest nights of the year, as the weekday event in recent years has almost bled past midnight on the East Coast. As the years and decades have gone on, the NFL draft has transformed from a stuffy, backroom business meeting to a full-blown spectacle up there with the Super Bowl, as fans from around the globe travel to what has become almost a festival. 2025’s NFL draft in Green Bay was the second most-watched iteration ever, as the first day alone saw 13.6 million people tune in to watch as Cam Ward went first overall to the Tennessee Titans.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/ncaa/indiana-qb-fernando-mendoza-claims-major-award-before-heisman-ceremony-11190348
Article: Indiana Hoosiers quarterback Fernando Mendoza is having a stellar college football season, with his team recently going undefeated in the regular season, defeating Ohio State for the conference championship, and landing the No. Read more: Clemson’s Dabo Swinney Sends Strong Message on Penn State, Bowl Game All of those players are now starring for NFL teams, something Mendoza is looking toward once he announces his intent to pursue a professional career. “It is such an honor and blessing to have received the Walter Camp Award,” Mendoza said, also adding, “Walter Camp, he’s the father of American football.” He called it a “prestigious award” and reflected on the honor of coaches within the sport, voting him as the award winner. He shared additional thoughts on what it meant to him to bring the trophy to his home city of Miami and share it with his brother, Alberto Mendoza, who is the backup quarterback at Indiana.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/green-card-holder-deported-banned-us-teen-drug-charges-11189533
Article: A Missouri family is planning to relocate to the Netherlands after a father and green card holder of 40 years was ordered deported Tuesday over drug charges from his teenage years. Officials have said he was eligible for deportation because of charges from decades ago, with a judge ruling Tuesday that a 1999 felony conviction could be classed as an aggravated felony, allowing a lifetime ban from the U.S. "From the moment Owen was taken into custody we fought with everything we had because we needed to know we did absolutely everything possible to bring him home," Diana Ramsingh, Owen's wife, told Newsweek via email Wednesday. Anyone who knows Owen knows he is one of the best human beings to walk this earth." Newsweek reached out to the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) via email for comment on Wednesday afternoon. Why It Matters The Trump administration has taken a far tougher stance towards immigrants with previous charges or convictions than previous administrations, leading to green card and other long-term visa holders being detained by federal agents at airports and during interviews with immigration officers. In a post on the Facebook page “Bring Owen Home”, his wife, Diana Ramsingh, said the order came with a lifetime ban from the U.S., which could be waived in eight to 10 years. He would have needed to renew his green card at least one previous time under the 10-year cycle, and it was not clear why these items on his record were not an issue previously. "Owen was 16 when he was charged and was tried as an adult even though he had been abandoned and was living on the streets with no support system," Diana told Newsweek, explaining he had spent the years following his release building a better life for himself. "Instead a decision made about a teenager is now being used to justify tearing our family apart." Now, Ramsingh will be sent to the Netherlands, where Diana said he will be with his father. Owen also has two older children who will remain in the United States which makes this even more painful." DHS has insisted in similar cases that holding a green card is “a privilege, not a right” and that officials have the right to revoke permanent residency from those who have been charged or convicted of a crime, however minor. What People Are Saying Tricia McLaughlin, assistant DHS secretary, previously told Newsweek when asked about this case: “A green card is a privilege, not a right, and under our nation’s laws, our government has the authority to revoke a green card if our laws are broken and abused." What’s Next Diana told Newsweek that the family did not know when Owen would be deported, but that the Dutch embassy was working to expedite the process for his well-being.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/betting/betr-promo-code-newsweek-claim-210-bonus-for-nba-cup-falcons-bills-picks-11190082
Article: When you create a new account with the latest Betr promo code NEWSWEEK, you will have a golden opportunity to utilize up to $210 in bonuses for NBA Cup games tonight. Here's an example of an entry you can make for tonight's NBA Cup games: Luguentz Dort over 3.5 rebounds De'Aaron Fox over 23.5 points Stephon Castle over 14.5 points Collin Gillespie under 13.5 points Shai Gilgeous-Alexander over 28.5 points From there, you will have to choose a dynamic or perfect play. Use one of these for each of the entries you want to make tonight: Shai Gilgeous-Alexander over 28.5 points Luka Doncic over 0.5 points + assists Luka Doncic over 25.5 points + rebounds + assists LeBron James over 27.5 points + rebounds + assists Devin Booker over 37.5 points + rebounds + assists Chet Holmgren over 30.5 points + rebounds Alex Caruso over 2.5 assists Betr Promo Code NEWSWEEK: Unlock New User Offer Click here and go through these steps to get set up with this welcome offer: Enter the promo code NEWSWEEK Input basic personal information (Name, birth date, mailing address, etc.) Make a deposit to get up to $200 in bonuses with the 50% deposit match offer (Credit/debit card, online banking, etc.) Start making your picks for tonight's NBA Cup games Decide how much to risk and choose a dynamic or perfect play for your first entry Newsweek may earn an affiliate commission if you sign up through the links in this article.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/mlb/yankees-interested-in-trading-for-rangers-325-million-star-in-blockbuster-deal-11190081
Article: More news: Phillies Manager Sends Message to Kyle Schwarber After $150 Million Deal Seager has six years remaining on his $325 million contract, and the Yankees are more than capable of handling the financial end of his deal. Volpe's defensive numbers also had a stark drop off from 2024, as he finished the year with a minus-6 outs above average after finishing last year with a plus-13 mark — placing him in the top three percent of fielders in 2024. More news: Blue Jays Manager Sends 5-Word Message on Dodgers’ Yoshinobu Yamamoto Seager has finished as an above-average fielder for the past couple of years, and could provide some help for Volpe at shortstop if he is to move away from the left side of the infield and into a utility role, which manager Aaron Boone alluded to earlier in the offseason.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/ncaa/michigan-makes-shocking-decision-on-head-coach-sherrone-moores-future-11190398
Article: Moore led the Wolverines to a 9-3 record in 2023, though the football program has moved on from him after he violated one of its policies, per Michigan Athletic Director Warde Manuel. More news: Notre Dame AD Doesn’t Hold Back on Marcus Freeman’s Future Amid NFL Buzz Michigan ended up caught up in a sign-stealing scandal that led to Harbaugh being suspended from the Big Ten, and Moore stepped up as the interim head coach, going 3-0 during that time and winning another game after that while Harbaugh served a separate suspension. More news: Matt Campbell Sends Message on Penn State’s Recruiting Struggles Moore was suspended for two games this past season due to the sign-stealing investigation, missing games against Central Michigan and Nebraska.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/entertainment/american-filmmaker-draws-support-for-afghan-skier-doc-amid-u-s-tensions-11188026
Article: Just over a week after the Trump administration froze all immigration requests related to Afghan nationals in the wake of the Washington, D.C., National Guard shooting that killed one service member, a different portrayal of Afghans flickered across a screen in Manhattan. A couple of hundred people gathered on Friday inside Cooper Union’s Great Hall, a room steeped in American civic memory that once hosted speeches by Abraham Lincoln and suffragettes, to watch Champions of the Golden Valley, shot and directed by American filmmaker Ben Sturgulewski, and produced by Katie Stjernholm and Baktash Ahadi. Despite the mounting political tensions, the rare-access documentary has managed to draw prominent Hollywood figures and activist backing it during its Oscar run, with actor Arian Moayed and Nobel Peace Prize laureate Malala Yousafzai joining as executive producers in September. On Friday, Emmy- and Golden Globe-winning actor Brian Cox and actor, director, and activist Nicole Ansari delivered opening remarks at the screening, and on Monday, Olympics.com announced it will stream the documentary worldwide in mid-December. “In a world where distribution is so insane,” with mergers constantly reshaping the media landscape, Moayed told Newsweek, “It’s refreshing to have an organization that is dedicated to sports champion, Champions.” ... The actor, known for his work on stage and screen, including Succession, Nobody Likes This, and A Doll’s House, added that the film’s arrival at a moment of political tension speaks to an “age-old problem” Afghans have long been forced to confront. “In a way, sadly, the speaker that has been otherized needs to tell their story, so that we don’t otherize them,” he explained, noting that many approached him at the screening, saying they haven’t seen stories of “regular Afghans.” Yousafzai, who co-founded the Malala Fund and lived under Taliban rule in Pakistan's Swat Valley, said on Friday, "We cannot let Afghan women, Afghan people become invisible. As the Taliban retook control and the Afghan government collapsed, many were flung into panic as a new social order permeated, forcing some to flee before being persecuted, especially those who had worked with the U.S. Stateside, familiar currents of anti-immigrant and anti-Afghan have surged following the November 26 shooting of two National Guard members by suspect Rahmanullah Lakanwal, an Afghan national who came to the U.S. “The recent and unfortunate events in Washington have now put a target on the back of many Afghans here in this country, many of which actually served alongside American military troops in the Afghan campaign, oftentimes saving U.S. Now is the time more than any other to stand side by side with our Afghan brothers and sisters who yet again have to face the impossible,” actor Cox told the hall ahead of the film screening. Producers Stjernholm and Ahadi said they were able to help several of the women featured in the film leave Afghanistan safely, shifting their work from film production to evacuation support. Sturgulewski told Newsweek that they “had no idea at the time what kind of story we would tell.” It wasn't until after he saw what happened to the community after the Taliban that he sought to convey the “depth of that loss” by following what happened to the skiers, particularly the film’s central figure, Alishah Farhang, a former Olympic hopeful. A driving force behind the Bamyan Ski Club, Farhang brought Afghans together for an annual ski competition that, beyond showcasing the power of sport, highlighted moments of ingenuity, levity, and companionship in the countryside. After the screening, Cox told Newsweek, “I was just so moved by this extraordinary film and the way it was shot and the care and attention to the people and the kids." The film will be available to stream on Olympics.com starting on December 19.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nfl/rams-make-puka-nacua-announcement-before-critical-lions-game-11190212
Article: The NFL and Los Angeles Rams announced on Wednesday that Rams wide receiver Puka Nacua has been named the NFC Offensive Player of the Week for Week 14, thanks to his showing against the Arizona Cardinals. Nacua logged seven catches for 167 yards and two touchdowns in the Rams' 45-17 win over the Cardinals on Sunday, closing out the game with the first multi-receiving touchdown game of his career. More NFL news: Latest Development is Good News for Vanderbilt QB Diego Pavia’s NFL Draft Stock Through 12 games this season, Nacua is tied for the NFL lead in receptions (93), he ranks second in receiving yards (1,186), fifth in targets (118), and tied for 11th in touchdowns (six). "They wanted to run small people out there and we were in 13 (personnel) and it was just, 'Hey, let's keep running the rock.' And we can call all those runs, but if we don't make them work, then they have the upper hand.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/snap-benefits-to-change-for-nearly-3-million-people-11190165
Article: Department of Agriculture (USDA) approved six states' waivers on Wednesday, allowing them to ban candy, soft drinks and other food from being purchased with Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP) benefits. Mehmet Oz, director of the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services at the DHHS, said at an event Wednesday that states applying for the waiver will be given an advantage when seeking a piece of the $50 billion rural health fund. Along with the six states that had their waivers approved on Wednesday, 12 others added food purchase restrictions: Arkansas Colorado Florida Idaho Indiana Iowa Louisiana Nebraska Oklahoma Texas Utah West Virginia What They're Saying South Carolina Governor Henry McMaster, in a statement on Facebook: “By encouraging families to purchase healthy, nutritious food – and not junk food – we ensure federal taxpayer dollars are used to their maximum benefit and keep South Carolina at the forefront of the effort to Make America Healthy Again.” Rollins, in a statement: “President Trump has made it clear: we are restoring SNAP to its true purpose – nutrition. Under the MAHA initiative, we are taking bold, historic steps to reverse the chronic diseases epidemic that has taken root in this country for far too long.” Kennedy, in a statement: “We cannot continue a system that forces taxpayers to fund programs that make people sick and then pay a second time to treat the illnesses those very programs help create.” What Happens Next Changes are expected to go into place next year, with some taking effect January 1 and others not being implemented until the summer or fall, according to the waivers.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/florida-freeze-watch-map-11190093
Article: NWS Jacksonville posted to X on Wednesday, "Another cold night is in store for Thursday night A Freeze Watch is in effect for inland SE GA & portions of inland NE FL late Thursday night into Friday morning. Low temperatures within the watch will be 30-32 degrees with areas to widespread frost formation possible." NWS Melbourne said on X on Wednesday, "Dec 10 | A morning sprinkle possible, otherwise decreasing cloudiness today with temps near normal in the low to mid 70s. A cold front pushes through early Thu and brings a quick shot of colder air, then a gradual warm-up back to seasonable levels by Sat." Florida residents are urged to continue monitoring local updates for any changes in weather conditions.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nba/desmond-bane-breaks-silence-on-35k-fine-following-magics-nba-cup-victory-11189810
Article: Magic shooting guard Desmond Bane led all scorers with 37 points in the win, and commented on the $35,000 fine he received after a minor scuffle with Knicks forward OG Anunoby on Sunday. More news: Nets Looking to Trade Disgruntled 21 PPG Scorer The Knicks won on the other side of the Eastern Conference bracket, meaning they'll face the Magic for the third time this season in the tournament's semifinals.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/mlb/blue-jays-land-former-brewers-top-10-prospect-in-rule-5-draft-11190218
Article: The Toronto Blue Jays made three selections in the Rule 5 draft, and one of their picks in the Triple-A phase was a former top prospect of the Milwaukee Brewers.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nfl/chiefs-xavier-worthy-breaks-silence-after-justin-herbert-laura-rutledge-incident-11189857
Article: After the Los Angeles Chargers’ 22-19 overtime win over the Philadelphia Eagles on Monday, ESPN sideline reporter Laura Rutledge attempted a standard postgame field interview with Chargers QB Justin Herbert. You can see that as a person, when you're mad or you're going through something, you obviously don't want to talk sometimes." "But, I mean, at a professional level, I see it from a fan's point. Read More: Baker Mayfield Breaks Silence After Buccaneers Sign Super Bowl Champion Several fans and pundits called the exchange between Herbert and Rutledge “awkward,” and many analysts debated whether Herbert was rude or simply prioritizing his teammates’ celebration. Read More: Shedeur Sanders’ Breakout Forces Browns to Shift QB Plans, per ESPN Analyst Under league policy, players must be available to reporters after games, a requirement that forms the basis for the sideline and locker-room interviews fans are accustomed to.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nfl/bills-announce-major-josh-allen-news-ahead-of-patriots-rematch-11190304
Article: Winners of three of their last four, the Buffalo Bills have gotten their season back on track after hitting a few midseason speed bumps in the form of losses to the Miami Dolphins and Houston Texans. Buffalo (9-4) climbed one spot from the seventh seed to the sixth following their 39-34 win over the Cincinnati Bengals on Sunday, and the team is just two games back of the New England Patriots (11-2), whom it faces this weekend in rematch of their Week 5 contest — a game the Pats won 23-20. More News: NFL Insider Says This Head Coach Could Be the Next to Be Fired Running back James Cook logged 80 yards rushing on 18 carries and added two catches for 31 yards, while tight ends Dawson Knox (six catches, 93 yards) and Dalton Kincaid (four catches, 41 yards, one touchdown) combined for 10 receptions, 134 yards receiving and a score, and quarterback Josh Allen put forth another MVP performance. More News: Marcus Freeman-NFL Rumors Take Major Turn After Notre Dame’s CFP Snub It marks the third time this season and the 18th time in his career Allen has won the award. He also received the honor after a 41-40 win over the Baltimore Ravens in Week 1 (394 yards passing, two touchdowns, 30 yards rushing, two touchdowns) and a 44-32 win over the Tampa Bay Buccaneers in Week 11 (317 yards passing, three touchdowns, two interceptions, 40 yards rushing, three touchdowns.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nfl/colts-latest-quarterback-update-may-halt-philip-rivers-return-11190313
Article: Colts head coach Shane Steichen even commented on the situation, saying that the team would need to see how the week goes before Rivers would be given the opportunity to start. This does give the Colts another week or so to also see if Rivers can truly step up and take over for the team with Jones lost for the season. More NFL: Buccaneers Announce Huge Mike Evans Return Update for Falcons Showdown Rivers played a very good final season with the Colts, posting 4,169 yards, 24 touchdowns, and 11 interceptions. Rivers may be 44 years old and has not played in five years, but he could likely still manage some wins and keep the Colts alive in the playoff race.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/nation-world/disabled-bay-parked-car-ticket/507-f08bc39f-cb65-4bf3-9d8a-a3177749f96b
Article: CROYDON, UK — Multiple parking tickets on one car were waived after CCTV video showed a contractor painting a disabled bay around a man's parked car in the United Kingdom. "I didn't want to go out and do the things I wanted to do because I was worried about the amount of tickets I was accumulating," he told BBC News. The man said people in the community were posting to Facebook about the car parked in the bay, some insinuating the tires should be slashed or that the driver was selfish for keeping in the spot.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/education/how-political-tide-turned-mark-welsh-ousted-as-texas-am-president/287-4aff82a8-1b47-4432-944d-e90f2ece3863
Article: “From what I have heard along with this and other articles, I have many questions." Bellinger shared a link to a post from Texas Scorecard, a conservative website read by many of the state’s Republican elected leaders. Just weeks earlier, the same website emphasized that it was former President Barack Obama who appointed Welsh to the Joint Chiefs of Staff, overseeing 660,000 service members of the U.S. In an interview, Albritton told The Texas Tribune he wanted to show the governor Welsh was the right man for the job as regents considered making him the permanent president. During the short meeting at the Capitol, Abbott peppered Welsh with questions about the comments Texas Scorecard had dug up, and about Welsh’s views on diversity, equity, and inclusion policies. “There's no doubt the governor was looking for somebody that was conservative in nature, and I think that he felt that maybe Mark was not as conservative as he was hoping he would be,” Albritton said. Texas Scorecard, run by conservative activist and Aggie alum Michael Quinn Sullivan, would publish more than 115 posts — more than one a week — about A&M during Welsh’s two-year presidency. Welsh's departure punctuates a rapid-fire period of hyper-politicization in higher education as the Trump administration and Texas lawmakers placed more scrutiny on college campuses over DEI policies and discourse around LGBTQ+ identities. “There was a loss of confidence in him as not being a strong enough or aggressive enough advocate of the kind of culture that the state leadership wants.” The role of the regent Welsh took the helm at A&M as the political winds were gusting to the right — and as university regents were emboldened by state officials to take more active roles on campuses. Dan Patrick — then the face of DEI pushback — individually sat down with more than a dozen appointees before the Senate’s traditionally perfunctory confirmation vote, according to his calendar. “He has publicly been very clear that there is no room for divisive and discriminatory DEI policies or the ‘woke’ agenda being pushed by liberal elites on campus,” Patrick’s spokesperson Steven Aranyi said to the Tribune, confirming the meetings. Spokesperson Andrew Mahaleris told the Tribune Abbott expects regents to “ensure that our higher education campuses continue to focus on developing our students into the best and brightest in the world." Albritton acknowledged the board has to pay attention to the lawmakers who fund them. He added they’re not trying to micromanage, but the regents have a responsibility "to make sure things do not spin out of control.” Abbott’s nearly 11 years as governor mean he’s appointed all of the regents on the state’s public university boards — and they are often some of his highest-dollar donors. But in Sharp’s fall 2023 performance evaluation, the board made it clear they wanted to see some changes: They said stakeholders can feel “bowled over rather than full partners.” They directed Sharp to loop them in on any decisions that “might post significant reputational risk to any part of the system.” That summer, A&M was roiled by two controversies revealing an unfamiliar level of political interference within the administration. Shortly after, the Tribune reported that A&M had placed another professor on leave after the lieutenant governor asked the system to investigate comments the instructor allegedly made about him during a lecture, further eroding trust among the rank and file. "For most of us, it feels like part of A&M died this month, and I think we need to properly mourn,” former Faculty Senate Speaker Tracy Hammond said during a meeting at the time. He announced his retirement the following year — but in an interview, Albritton said that while Sharp positively advanced the university, many board members “felt it was time for a change.” “I thank the support of Gov. “If a regent calls me and says, ‘Hey, I really am worried about this,’ I’ll say, ‘Thank you for the call,’” Welsh told the Faculty Senate a few weeks after being named interim president. “But I’m not going to call the department head and tell them who to hire.” That fall, he told The Washington Post that while the university would abide by the state’s new DEI ban, he did not believe it was “beneficial to where we are trying to go long-range as a society.” Alumni groups like the Rudder Association — created in 2020 to push back against calls to remove the campus statue of former A&M president and Confederate general, Lawrence Sullivan Ross — bristled at Welsh’s comments. What Texas A&M and higher education needs right now is a conservative leader.” Closing Qatar One of Welsh’s first major challenges at the helm involved A&M’s role in the Middle East amid boiling geopolitical tension. In February 2024, with no public discussion, the regents voted 7-1 to wind down operations in Qatar, citing “heightened instability in the Middle East.” Just one regent, Michael Plank, dissented. “I’ll be honest, although the discussions with the A&M System and the Board of Regents have been ongoing for several months, I think all of us here are also still processing the events of the last couple of days,” Welsh said, according to a transcript of the meeting. Former A&M President Michael Young — who’d been watching the heated discourse from the sidelines — emailed him about one of the false reports, calling it “nonsense.” He ended the email on a prescient note: “Are you absolutely positive you want to take this job??” The spirit of the Corps Before Welsh set foot in the president’s office, a storm was brewing involving one of the university’s most sacred cows: the Corps of Cadets, the largest uniformed student body outside the country’s service academies. Meanwhile, the state was pushing for laws that moved in the opposite direction, and in June 2023, Attorney General Ken Paxton had sued the federal government to stop the new protections. But they arrived at a consensus: Rather than renovate all dorms across the Corps, the administration would commit to building a gender-neutral restroom in four of the Corps’ 12 dorms. In May 2024, the Rudder Association posted on its website claiming A&M would spend upward of $72 million on renovating every restroom in the Corps, adding that it had come about because of “a senior male cadet who had appropriated the female gender” and it was likely the regents hadn’t “been fully advised of this scheme or approved of it.” Except the regents had discussed it — and OK’d the plans months prior. “It just got to a level of frustration that Mark always wanted to have a board action in order to make decisions that the board felt should be made at the presidential level, without board involvement,” Albritton said. In January 2024, as Texas Scorecard was repeatedly writing about the teaching of gender identity on campus, Regent Michael Hernandez sent an angry email to Welsh after he was contacted by the website for comment about various LGBTQ+ events and courses on campus the site was preparing to write about. “Why do we allow the administration to continue to promote these liberal agendas that are clearly against the Texas Legislature and the vast majority of Texas taxpayers?” The university’s LGBTQ minor was particularly in the crosshairs. Texas Scorecard highlighted the university’s new LGBTQ studies minor in 2023, and shortly after, the provost’s office launched a broad review that found dozens of low-enrolled programs, including the LGBTQ studies minor, and recommended them for removal. “They have never printed a retraction when we provided them the facts, and so I don't worry about them too much.” But it was consuming communication staffers who struggled to manage and respond to the criticism. In December 2024, an alum emailed Welsh, citing a Texas Scorecard post, and accused him of leading the university down a “WOKE path.” “You clearly don't know me at all,” Welsh wrote back. … Not sure what you're expecting here or what you hope to accomplish with threats.” Hernandez retorted: “You are in way over your head.” Welsh takes heed In early 2025, internal emails began circulating on X that showed A&M inviting faculty and graduate students to attend a national professional development conference intended to increase diversity among faculty. In an email to administrators, he said that whether or not the conference violates the state’s DEI ban, “I just don’t believe it meets the intent and is therefore not a good business decision for us.” With the Legislature underway, A&M officials were trying not to rock the boat as hundreds of millions of dollars in state funding for the flagship hung in the balance. In one early 2025 email, government relations official Julie Kopycinski wrote to Welsh that Patrick would soon try to get the attention of institutions of higher education by threatening tens of millions in funding for public universities. “Julie — what part of our ‘attention’ is he trying to get?” “That we have collectively lost our core mission," Kopycinski wrote back, "and are still too dei and leftist focused.” Welsh appeared to take heed. A few weeks after Kopycinski’s email, he vetoed a Faculty Senate decision to add a course called “Introduction to Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, Transgender, and Queer Studies” to the university’s core curriculum. The ultimatum A few weeks into Welsh’s third fall semester as president, he got a call from Tyson Voelkel, the president and CEO of the Texas A&M Foundation, the main fundraising arm for the university that manages a $3 billion endowment. Voelkel told Welsh he’d just heard from the regents chair, Albritton, who had asked whether he’d be interested in the job as interim president, four people familiar with the call said. A few days prior, Harrison, the state representative, had posted a series of videos on X, including one showing a student confronting an A&M professor over teaching gender in a children’s literature course, and another of Welsh telling the student he wouldn’t fire the professor. (He ultimately fired the lecturer.) Albritton said some regents were upset by that comment, calling it bad judgment to state that she would not be fired before knowing all of the facts. He once authored a bill that would make it more difficult for trans people to get married, stating at the time that “the Texas Constitution clearly defines marriage between one man and one woman.” Williams did not respond to a request for comment. Wayne Roberts, a top university donor, wrote to Hegar that Welsh “is the best president we’ve had in my lifetime.” He added, “We desperately need stability in our leadership, something we’ve not enjoyed over the last few decades.” Neil Bush, the son of former President George H. “It demands integrity, steadfast leadership, and a vision larger than any temporary partisan moment.” Hegar would give Welsh the same ultimatum in the following days, and Welsh submitted his resignation on Sept. “We were troubled by a pattern of actions and statements which were typical of a DEI ideology.” Harrison, who sparked the final controversy by posting the video online, took a victory lap, posting, “WE DID IT! TEXAS A&M PRESIDENT IS OUT!!” Back on campus, hundreds of students, staff and faculty amassed at the administration building to cheer Welsh and his wife as they walked out for the final time, a rare showing for a university that has seen a dozen people in the president’s office since the turn of the millennium.

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/12/10/nx-s1-5639990/congress-crackdown-veterans-companies-disabled
Article: Congress calls for a crackdown on companies charging disabled vets toggle caption Kristina Barker for NPR A group of 43 members of Congress is calling for action against unaccredited companies that charge veterans for help filing for disability benefits with the Department of Veterans Affairs. This comes in response to reporting last week from NPR that showed the claims consulting industry is using aggressive tactics to make millions off of veterans, despite warnings from the VA's lawyers that doing so may be in violation of federal law. "For years, we have warned that unaccredited representatives — commonly known as claim sharks — charge illegal fees, misrepresent their services, and exploit a loophole in federal law to escape accountability," the group wrote in a letter Wednesday to VA, the Federal Trade Commission and the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau. Lawmakers took particular issue with a business practice, uncovered by NPR, in which these companies use veterans' private information to access a VA system to learn about their disability benefits. NPR's investigation into a Florida-based company called Trajector Medical found that it uses a computerized robo-dialer system to dial into the VA Benefits Hotline, an 800-number that's meant for veterans. Sponsor Message Vets and former Trajector workers told NPR the system bills veterans even when the company wasn't actually responsible for the benefits increase, including in cases where the vet worked with an accredited nonprofit or filed a claim independently of the firm. The company discloses in its contracts with vets that it will use their personal information to access VA "reporting systems." The company also said it is a "medical evidence provider" and does not prepare or file forms. Lawmakers wrote in their letter that these tactics "raise serious questions about data privacy, informed consent, financial security, and whether these companies are accessing or leveraging sensitive VA-related information in ways that may violate federal laws." New Hampshire Congressman Chris Pappas, a Democrat, is the co-sponsor of a bill to rein in the claims industry. "Claim sharks' predatory practices grow more nefarious and efficient with each passing day, robbing veterans of the benefits they earned and diverting taxpayer dollars into their own pockets." Pappas' bill, the GUARD VA Benefits Act, would reinstate the penalties that were removed nearly two decades ago. But the legislation is locked in a stalemate with the competing CHOICE for Veterans Act, sponsored by Republican Congressman Jack Bergman of Michigan, which would set a $12,500 cap on what claims consulting firms can charge.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/10/ciscos-stock-closes-at-record-for-first-time-since-dot-com-peak-2000.html
Article: Back then, investors saw Cisco as a way to bet on the growth of the web, as companies that wanted to get online relied upon the hardware maker's switches and routers. But following a half-decade boom, the dot-com bubble burst just after Cisco reached its zenith, a collapse that wiped out more than three-quarters of the Nasdaq's value by October 2002. Eventually it started to grow and expand, diversifying through a series of acquisitions like set-top box maker Scientific- Atlanta in 2006, followed by software companies including Webex, AppDynamics, Duo and Splunk. Instead of Cisco, the modern infrastructure winner is Nvidia , whose AI chips are at the heart of model development and are relied up by the other major tech companies that are all building out AI-focused data centers.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/10/night-owl-bitcoin-traders-soon-therell-be-an-etf-just-for-you.html
Article: Instead, the AfterDark ETF would use at least 80% of the value of its assets to trade bitcoin futures contracts, bitcoin exchange-traded products and ETFs, and options on those ETFs and ETPs. The contest has only accelerated under President Donald Trump, who has pushed the SEC and Commodity Futures Trading Commission to soften their stances on token issuers and digital asset exchanges.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/nation-world/marvelous-mrs-maisel-actress-dies-being-hit-by-suv-manhattan/507-c2a25c16-0df0-4f66-92ea-aae111d34bfe
Article: Davis’ representatives confirmed her death to CBS News, and said she had been out to dinner with friends and was on her way home to Queens when the crash occurred. 18, 1965, in Durham, North Carolina, Davis lived in Forest Hills, Queens, and pursued acting in New York after moving to the city in her late 20s, her agent, Jamie Harris of Clear Talent Group told The New York Times.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cx2d7g8nn2ro?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Dave's Coaches from Gavin and Stacey up for sale 34 minutes ago Share Save Nathan Bevan BBC Wales Share Save BBC/Toffee International Ltd/Tom Jackson The vehicle played a key role in the show's long-awaited finale which aired last Christmas A "tidy" piece of TV memorabilia has just gone up for sale which should get lovers of Gavin and Stacey revving their engines. Driven by Steffan Rhodri's character in the series, the red 33-seater certainly seems to have done it fair share of trips between Barry and Essex over the years, having clocked up a whopping 279,361 miles (449,587.9 km) in total. BBC/Toffee International Ltd./Tom Jackson Dave Coaches and his bus play a key role in the final moments of Gavin & Stacey On the road since 1990, the vehicle - a Mercedes-Benz Vario 814D - has had eight owners so far. According to its seller, who is based in north London, the "instantly recognisable" bus "remains in good condition", is "finished in a sleek red" colour and comes with the "legendary, original Dave's Coaches design" on its front and sides. It was last seen on screen playing a key role in the show's long-awaited finale which aired last Christmas, in which James Corden's Smithy is finally reunited with Nessa, played by Ruth Jones.

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/12/10/nx-s1-5640050/ntsb-defense-bill-safety-concerns
Article: NTSB warns that defense bill could undermine aviation safety changes after DCA crash toggle caption Kayla Bartkowski/Getty Images WASHINGTON — In an unusually harsh rebuke, the nation's top safety investigator voiced concerns about a provision in the defense policy bill before Congress on Wednesday, warning that it would undermine aviation safety improvements made after a deadly mid-air collision in January. This is shameful." Homendy said the NTSB "vehemently" opposes a section in the massive National Defense Authorization Act that would roll back safety improvements that were recommended by the agency after the collision of a military Black Hawk helicopter and an American Airlines regional jet near Ronald Reagan Washington National Airport, killing 67 people. But the NTSB warns the bill's language would create exemptions to the policy — in effect, recreating conditions that were in place at the time of the DCA collision, which was the nation's deadliest aviation disaster in more than 20 years. Sponsor Message "We should be working together in partnership to prevent the next accident, not inviting history to repeat itself by recreating the same conditions that were in place on January 29th," Homendy said. "As drafted, the NDAA protects the status quo, allowing military aircraft to keep flying in DC airspace under different rules and with outdated transmission requirements," said a joint statement from Senators Ted Cruz (R-Texas), Maria Cantwell (D-Wash.), Jerry Moran (R-Kans.) and Sen. The families of the victims deserve accountability." The senators urged their colleagues in Congress to instead adopt the bipartisan ROTOR Act, which would require aircraft operators to equip their fleets with ADS-B technology and limit exemptions for military helicopters. "The flying public and all those that utilize our airspace deserve better than what this bill provides," said Tim and Sheri Lilley, whose son, Sam, was the first officer of Flight 5342, in a statement.

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/12/10/nx-s1-5639861/philip-rivers-indianapolis-colts-nfl
Article: Philip Rivers' return to the NFL, by the numbers toggle caption Ethan Miller/Getty Images In July, former quarterback Philip Rivers was asked if he could still play an NFL game, during an appearance on The Dan Patrick Show . "Now, I may need a wheelchair the next morning." YouTube But now the sports world is absorbing the news that Rivers, a grandfather at age 44, has signed a practice contract with the Indianapolis Colts. "Against, you know, all logic, sanity and reason, the NFL has kind of become an old man's game for quarterbacks." For one thing, veterans like Rivers have proven they can quickly understand game situations. The best you're gonna get is me coaching on the sideline.' " 8: Pro Bowl appearances for Rivers, who maintained elite stats while spending most of his career with the Chargers, from 2004 until 2019. It's a sign of both stamina and smarts, Wickersham says: "You don't play football for that many games in a row if you're getting hit all the time." 14: Current Colts players that Rivers says were on the team when he was last there. "So if anyone can come off of the street and deliver a couple of wins and help this team make the playoffs, he's one of the few guys that could do it." 2: The number of Indianapolis star athletes who have torn their Achilles tendons this year, at key moments. For the city's fans, she says, "I think some of them are just hopeful that … a dream of even seeing the playoffs can remain alive this year." For the Colts, that dream might depend on what Rivers can still do. I'm glad that Rivers is familiar with this offense so it gives me some hope and confidence for the rest of the season." WFYI's Samantha Horton contributed to this story.

Link: https://feeds.texastribune.org/link/16799/17229281/texas-house-legislature-election-2026-national-democrats
Article: See our AI policy , and give us feedback This article was adapted from our premium politics newsletter, The Blast, which delivers exclusive reporting, nonpartisan analysis and the first word on political moves across the state. The Democratic Legislative Campaign Committee, the party’s national arm that targets legislative races, announced Wednesday that it plans to put resources into Texas next year for the first time since 2020. The national interest reflects Democratic optimism that the 2026 cycle will provide a favorable political climate for the party, amid President Donald Trump’s flagging approval ratings and voter dismay over the state of the economy. Morales told The Texas Tribune that the HDCC initially plans to target four seats Democrats tried and failed to flip in 2024, and one of the two seats Democrats lost: House District 34 , which Rep. Among the targeted seats, Morales singled out three Democratic candidates who are running unopposed in their primaries — Zach Hebert in HD 112, Kristian Carranza in HD 118 and Zach Dunn in HD 121 — as contenders who “can relate to the community there and have the right messaging.” “Republicans have been so good about putting us on the defense, but I want us to focus on being on the offense this time around,” Morales said. Of the five seats on Morales’ initial target list, three — House Districts 34, 37 and 118 — would have been carried by 2018 Senate nominee Beto O’Rourke had the district lines been in place that year. “The favorable political environment taking shape for Democrats is on a scale that only comes once in a generation, and the DLCC is poised to meet this moment through the largest target map and political budget ever,” DLCC president Heather Williams said in a press release. “We aren’t wasting a moment to execute on our winning strategy by electing more state Democrats in Texas.” Texas’ slice of the $50 million is part of national Democrats’ renewed promise to invest in Texas. But this cycle’s promise comes with the recognition that state House Democrats who fled the state during this summer’s congressional redistricting stuck their necks out for the sake of U.S. “This is the moment, and we’re going to build an operation that matches the moment, and we’re going to win.” Republicans currently hold an 88-62 advantage in the 150-seat state House, meaning Democrats would need to flip 14 seats to win control — a tall order even under the most favorable conditions. If they are able to significantly narrow the GOP’s margin, however, they could exert more influence in the chamber, after Republicans largely ran roughshod over the minority party in recent legislative sessions.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/parent-student-charged-shooting-killed-teen-kentucky-state-128296200
Article: A parent of a Kentucky State University student has been charged with murder following a campus shooting Parent of student charged in shooting that killed teen at Kentucky State University FRANKFORT, Ky. Asked by reporters about alleged videos showing a fight involving Bard’s sons preceded the shooting or whether Bard might have come to campus to talk to administrators about his sons' safety, Frankfort Assistant Police Chief Scott Tracy refused to say what may have led to the shooting. Akakpo said the school brought in more police officers after the first shooting and will evaluate whether more needs to be done to keep students safe once the investigation into the latest shooting is complete, “The campus is a safe place,” Akakpo said at the news conference.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/cincinnati-approves-81-million-settlement-protesters-arrested-2020-128296860
Article: The city of Cincinnati has approved an $8.1 million settlement with a group of non-violent protesters arrested during the racial justice demonstrations of 2020 CINCINNATI, Ohio -- The city of Cincinnati approved an $8.1 million legal settlement Wednesday with hundreds of non-violent protesters who had alleged mistreatment at the hands of city and county authorities when they were arrested during the racial justice demonstrations of 2020. All were charged with misdemeanor curfew violations during nights of protests from May 30 to June 8, 2020, but those were later dismissed by the city amid a flurry of conflicting court rulings.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/trumps-gold-card-program-live-offering-us-visas-128296550
Article: citizenship Sitting next to founder and CEO of Dell, Michael Dell, left, President Donald Trump speaks during a roundtable discussion with business leaders in the Roosevelt Room of the White House, Wednesday, Dec. (AP Photo/Evan Vucci) Sitting next to founder and CEO of Dell, Michael Dell, left, President Donald Trump speaks during a roundtable discussion with business leaders in the Roosevelt Room of the White House, Wednesday, Dec. (AP Photo/Evan Vucci) WASHINGTON -- President Donald Trump announced Wednesday that his long-promised “ gold card ” was officially going on sale, offering legal status and an eventual pathway to U.S. It is meant to replace EB-5 visas, which Congress created in 1990 to generate foreign investment and had been available to people who spend about $1 million on a company that employs at least 10 people. He's been promoting the gold card program for months, and once suggested that each card would cost $5 million, though he more recently revised that to the $1 million and $2 million pricing scheme. government” and predicted that billions would flow into an account run by the Treasury Department “where we can do things positive for the country.” The new program is actually a green card, effectively offering permanent legal residency with the chance for citizenship. “Much more powerful, a much stronger path.” The president made no mention of requirements for job creation for applying corporations or on overall caps on the program, which exist under the current EB-5 program. Commerce Secretary Howard Lutnick said the program will include $15,000 for applicant vetting and that the thorough process used to scrutinize backgrounds would ”make sure these people absolutely qualify to be in America.” Companies will be able to receive multiple cards, but will be limited to one individual per card, he said. Investors’ visas are common around the world, with dozens of countries offering versions of “golden visas” to wealthy individuals, including the United Kingdom, Spain, Greece, Malta, Australia, Canada and Italy.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Entertainment/wireStory/movie-review-scarlet-transplanting-hamlet-anime-dreamworld-128297039
Article: Anyone would grant that a Japanese anime that transplants “Hamlet” to a surreal netherworld is a touch more ambitious than your average animated movie This image released by Netflix shows the character Scarlet in a scene from the animated film "Scarlet." (Netflix via AP) This image released by Netflix shows the character Scarlet in a scene from the animated film "Scarlet." (Netflix via AP) This image released by Netflix shows the character Scarlet in a scene from the animated film "Scarlet." (Netflix via AP) This image released by Netflix shows the character Scarlet in a scene from the animated film "Scarlet." (Netflix via AP) The Japanese writer-director Mamoru Hosoda has made some amazing films that take profound leaps into dreamlike worlds. Hosoda, a former Studio Ghibli animator whose other films include “Wolf Children” and “Summer Wars,” has an extraordinary knack for crafting anime worlds of visual complexity while pursuing existential ideas with a childlike sincerity. If you’re going to fail by overreach, it might as well be with a wildly ambitious rendering of “Hamlet.” In the thrilling prologue, set in 16th century Denmark, Scarlet (Ashida Mana) watches as her uncle Claudius (Kôji Yakusho) frames her father as a traitor and has him executed.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/10/stock-market-today-live-updates.html
Article: The central bank's Federal Open Market Committee cut its key overnight borrowing rate by a quarter percentage point to a 3.5%-3.75% range and signaled a slower pace of rate cuts ahead. Fed chair Jerome Powell said the central bank is "'well positioned to wait and see how the economy evolves" and noted President Donald Trump's tariffs have been a driver of inflation. "We're not surprised to see near term optimism in the markets given that the Fed continues to cut rates even though the economy is growing, however, we think the rose colored glasses may come off once investors realize that the path to lower interest rates may take longer — or may not materialize at all — to the extent that they believe it will," said Chris Zaccarelli, chief investment officer for Northlight Asset Management.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/10/tents-flood-families-seek-shelter-as-storm-byron-bears-down-on-gaza?traffic_source=rss
Article: Storm Byron is threatening to heap new miseries on Palestinians in Gaza, with families making distress calls from flooded tents and hundreds of others fleeing their shelters in search of dry ground as the fierce winter storm lashes heavy rains on the besieged territory. Officials warned Wednesday that the storm was forecast to bring flash floods, strong winds and hail until Friday, conditions expected to wreak havoc in a territory in the grip of a humanitarian crisis, where hundreds of thousands of displaced people live in tents, temporary structures, or damaged buildings after two years of Israel’s genocidal war against the Palestinian people in Gaza. Humanitarian workers said Israeli restrictions on the entry of tents, tools to repair water and sewage systems have left Gaza poorly equipped to respond to the storm, and called on the international community to pressure the Netanyahu government to urgently allow in supplies. In the southern city of Rafah, the Palestinian Civil Defence said its teams had already received distress calls from displacement camps, with families reporting “flooded tents and families trapped inside by heavy rains”. Footage posted on social media and verified by Al Jazeera showed Palestinians shovelling a ditch around tents in a desperate attempt to create barriers that would prevent them from flooding. Advertisement Displacement camps at risk Nearly 850,000 people sheltering in 761 displacement sites face the highest risk of flooding, according to the UN Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs (OCHA). Reporting from Gaza City, Al Jazeera’s Tareq Abu Azzoum said that UN agencies and local authorities were warning that any significant rainfall could have devastating consequences for Gaza’s population, with the displacement camps built on barren, open terrain that would be highly susceptible to flooding. Risk of water contamination, disease Amjad Shawa, director of the Palestinian NGOs network, said Israeli restrictions on the entry of aid and equipment had left Gaza ill-equipped to deal with the storm. He said only 40,000 tents, out of a needed 300,000, had been allowed in, while tools that would likely be needed to repair sewage systems and water networks were also restricted. Flooding would bring a serious risk of sewage and solid waste contaminating drinking water or food supplies, raising the risk of diseases in the densely populated Strip, where 2.2 million people are crammed into just 43 percent of the territory, while the remaining 57 percent remains under Israeli military control. The only thing they’re allowing at this point is some tarpaulin, which isn’t going to do much for people who need proper shelter.” He said Palestinians were being forced to live in “deplorable conditions”, with well more than 50 percent of the population living in tents. Advertisement Families flee flooding risk Farhan Haq, a spokesperson for UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres, warned that vulnerable groups, including newborn children, are at particular risk from the incoming winter storm. About 200 families were expected to arrive at a new displacement site in eastern Khan Younis in the south of the Strip, fleeing a heightened risk of flooding in their present location, he said. Ismail al-Thawabta, director of Gaza’s Government Media Office, told Al Jazeera that about 288,000 Palestinian families were without shelter as Storm Byron bore down on the enclave, and issued a call to the international community to pressure Israel to allow in supplies to help respond to the storm.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/video/inside-story/2025/12/10/could-others-follow-australia-banning-social-media-for-under-16s?traffic_source=rss
Article: Presenter: Folly Bah Thibault Guests: Charlotte Armitage – Psychologist who focuses on device use and child development Kate Sim – Programme director of Children’s Online Safety and Privacy Research at the University of Western Australia Adrian Monck – Senior adviser on artificial intelligence and technology

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/sports/2025/12/10/manchester-city-beat-real-madrid-2-1-to-pile-pressure-on-xabi-alonso?traffic_source=rss
Article: Erling Haaland scored his 34th goal for club and country this season to give Manchester City a 2-1 win at Real Madrid and leave Xabi Alonso’s position as coach of the Spanish giants in grave danger. Spanish media reported in the lead-up to the game that a defeat would seal Alonso’s fate as Madrid coach, although his team’s performance was creditable, despite the eventual outcome at a frustrated Bernabeu stadium. The record 15-time Champions League winners have now won just two of their last eight matches across all competitions, and face a battle for a place in the top eight of the league phase table. Alonso was forced to leave his team’s top scorer, Mbappe, on the bench, saying it would have been “a risk” to use him amid knee discomfort, and starting 21-year-old striker Gonzalo Garcia instead. This was the 15th meeting between these sides, in what has become a modern Champions League classic, and it started at lightning speed, with Vinicius Junior heavily involved in the opening exchanges. Fede Valverde’s ferocious free kick was deflected wide by O’Reilly, before Vinicius dinked just wide of goal after Rodrygo found him with a perfect low cross, which coaxed City goalkeeper Gianluigi Donnarumma off his line. Advertisement It was deserved when the hosts took the lead in the 28th minute, with Rodrygo finishing a move started by Alvaro Carreras at the other end of the pitch. Alonso brought on Arda Guler for Garcia and shifted Bellingham into a central attacking role, of the kind he enjoyed under Carlo Ancelotti in his spectacular first season with Madrid. The Basque coach also turned to youngster Endrick, whom he has hardly utilised at all since arriving, and the 19-year-old headed inches over the crossbar with five minutes to go. Madrid were short of ideas in the second half and may look to another coach for new ones in the coming days Haaland told TNT Sports that it was a tough place to come and get a result. “The players made an incredible effort, and the spirit is unbelievable, but there is still some way to go.” Advertisement Bellingham defended Alonso after the game, saying he has a “great relationship” with the Madrid boss. “After a run of draws, we thought we would go on a run after that, but we know we need to pick up again and take it on the chin,” Bellingham said.

Link: https://www.latimes.com/california/story/2025-12-10/woman-gives-birth-in-san-francisco-waymo-on-way-to-hospital
Article: But that’s precisely what happened Monday when a woman delivered her child in a Waymo autonomous vehicle while on her way to UC San Francisco Medical Center, hospital spokesperson Jess Berthold confirmed. While the mother was en route to the hospital, Waymo said its rider support team detected “unusual activity” inside the car, initiated a call to check on the passenger and contacted 911. “We’re proud to be a trusted ride for moments big and small, serving riders from just seconds old to many years young,” the company said in a statement to The Times. “We wish the new family all the best, and we look forward to safely getting them where they’re going through many of life’s events.” The Times was unable to reach the mother Wednesday. — began operating its autonomous ride-hailing service to select riders as a research program on San Francisco’s hilly streets in 2021, and opened service to all in 2024, according to its website. Waymo vehicles have disturbed local residents by honking at odd hours, and the company drew headlines after one of its robotaxis struck and killed KitKat, a beloved San Francisco cornerstore cat, earlier this year. The agency in October also opened a preliminary investigation into about 2,000 Waymo vehicles to examine the technology around stopped school buses following reports that one of the driverless vehicles had navigated around a school bus while children disembarked.

Link: https://www.latimes.com/california/story/2025-12-10/torrance-postal-carrier-raided-mail-to-buy-lavish-goods-is-sentenced
Article: Postal Service carrier in Torrance was sentenced Monday to more than five years for stealing mail, using stolen bank cards, checks and unemployment benefits to fund luxury shopping sprees and international vacations — all while bragging about it online. “Especially for the poorest Americans, who are often unbanked, they rely on the mail to deliver their government benefits in the form of Treasury checks or EDD debit cards, precisely what [Magdamit] chose to steal,” prosecutors wrote in a sentencing memorandum. Magdamit also admitted selling stolen cards for about $500 each and acknowledged using victims’ unemployment benefits cards to withdraw cash — telling agents she had “about $5,000 worth of currency” in her apartment from ATM withdrawals. Advertisement Despite the raid in December, prosecutors said she “still found a way to obtain credit cards from the mail and further commit fraud.” Surveillance captured Magdamit using a stolen card to buy goods at the Apple Store, Diesel and Disneyland early this year, and she later bragged about a Hawaii vacation in a March Instagram post.

Link: https://www.latimes.com/california/story/2025-12-10/six-flags-magic-mountain-plans-to-demolish-two-historical-kids-rides
Article: According to demolition permits filed with the county on Monday and first reported by KTLA, crews will be removing about 7,000 square feet of concrete between the two demolition projects. Magic Flyer, which Six Flags says on its website is for “young thrill-seekers in training,” was originally at Beverly Park, a kiddie amusement park in Los Angeles that stood where the Beverly Center is now located and helped inspire the creation of Disneyland. Advertisement The 70-year-old ride, known at Beverly Park as the Little Dipper, was purchased and moved to Six Flags, where it has operated since the park opened in 1971, under various names including Percy’s Railway and the Wile E.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/ncaa/lsu-brian-kelly-michigan-11190614
Article: Part of Kelly's buyout included language that he was supposed to make a good faith effort to seek employment, something his representation argued Kelly could not do until the termination was finalized.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/how-to-watch-suns-vs-thunder-live-stream-nba-cup-quarterfinals-tv-channel-11189629
Article: The Oklahoma City Thunder (23-1) ride a 15-game winning streak into Wednesday night’s NBA Cup rematch with the Phoenix Suns (14-10) at Paycom Center, with the winner advancing to Saturday’s semifinals in Las Vegas. How to Watch Phoenix Suns vs Oklahoma City Thunder When: Wednesday, December 10, 2025 Time: 7:30 PM ET TV Channel: FanDuel Sports Network Oklahoma, FanDuel Sports Network Kansas City try for free Live Stream: Fubo - Local Broadcast ( try for free ); Prime - National Broadcast ( Phoenix comes off a 108-105 road win over the Minnesota Timberwolves on Monday night. The Thunder rolled to a 131-101 road win over the Utah Jazz on Sunday, playing without reigning NBA MVP Shai Gilgeous-Alexander (left elbow bursitis), Jalen Williams and Chet Holmgren scored 25 points each, with Holmgren grabbing nine rebounds and Williams dishing eight assists.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/winter-weather-alert-snow-three-major-east-coast-cities-11190282
Article: Millions of residents in New York City, Boston, and Philadelphia may see their first snowfall of the season as a series of fast-moving Arctic storms—commonly known as Alberta clippers—target the Interstate 95 corridor in the coming days. National Weather Service (NWS) meteorologist Bryan Ramsey told Newsweek it's unclear if meteorologists will need to issue winter weather advisories for the system yet, as it's still too far out to know snowfall totals. According to AccuWeather forecasts, several clipper storms originating from Western Canada are expected to sweep across the Midwest and Northeast throughout the week, bringing a mix of snow, sleet, and freezing rain. By Wednesday night and early Thursday, flurries and snow showers may reach as far east as the I-95 corridor, although this initial burst is not expected to bring major accumulations to the coastal cities. "There is the likelihood for the first accumulating snow of the season in the Interstate 95 corridor from Philadelphia to New York City and Boston this weekend,” AccuWeather Senior Director of Forecasting Operations Dan DePodwin said in the report.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/will-jeffrey-epstein-list-be-released-what-to-know-about-judges-decision-11190576
Article: A federal judge ruled to release grand jury materials in the Jeffrey Epstein case on Wednesday, but the materials will likely not include a client list, according to a legal expert. “The Court hereby grants the government’s motion in accordance with the Epstein Files Transparency Act and with the unequivocal right of Epstein victims to have their identity and privacy protected,” Berman wrote. And if there was an Epstein client list, the question is: why hasn’t anyone except for Jeffrey Epstein and Ghislaine Maxwell been prosecuted?” Earlier this year, the DOJ and FBI said a review of the case revealed no “incriminating ‘client list.’” Why It Matters Epstein, a sex offender and disgraced financier, was found dead at age 66 in New York's Metropolitan Correctional Center in August 2019 while awaiting trial on sex trafficking charges. “In the light of the Act’s clear mandate, the Court should authorize the Department of Justice to release the grand jury transcripts and exhibits and modify any preexisting protective orders that would otherwise prevent public disclosure by the Government of materials the disclosure of which is required by the Act,” Bondi, Blanche and Clayton wrote. Rahmani said he expects the released materials to include grand jury transcripts of “a law enforcement witness summarizing the evidence against Jeffrey Epstein.” “That’s typically the purpose of a grand jury, to hear evidence and to charge,” Rahmani said. “Sometimes, grand juries, they subpoena documents and they subpoena witnesses to testify before the grand jury.” Rahmani added that materials subpoenaed by the grand jury could include emails and text messages “if the grand jury was engaged in an investigative role, more than a charging one.” The federal government also said the DOJ will work with relevant U.S. attorneys' offices to “make appropriate redactions of victim-related and other personal identifying information.” “That’s going to be the most important thing, because now really the only universe of information that should be withheld would be the names of the victims or anything that’s privileged, which is unlikely that the government would have that anyway,” Rahmani said. What People Are Saying Berman, in an order: “The ‘plain language’ of the Epstein Files Transparency Act unequivocally intends to make public Epstein grand jury materials and discovery materials covered by the Epstein Protective Order, dated July 25, 2019.” Rahmani also told Newsweek: “Grand jury materials are supposed to be sealed and they’re supposed to be secret indefinitely, forever. But because there’s this specific federal law, the Epstein Files Transparency Act that says all materials related to Epstein are to be produced, the judges that have considered this issue so far have ruled that the grand jury materials related to the Ghislaine Maxwell case and related to Epstein’s prosecutions are to be released.” What Happens Next The Department of Justice has until December 19 to release files related to Epstein.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nba/devin-booker-final-injury-status-suns-thunder-set-11189690
Article: As the star guard was diagnosed with a right groin strain, the Suns feared he might miss the team’s do-or-die matchup in the NBA Cup against the Oklahoma City Thunder on Wednesday night. After making it to the NBA Cup quarter-finals, the Suns have to come up with a victory on Wednesday, or else their run in the tournament will end before a trip to Las Vegas.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/ncaa/dave-portnoy-has-fiery-reaction-to-michigan-unexpectedly-firing-sherrone-moore-11190480
Article: Following a University investigation, credible evidence was found that Coach Moore engaged in an inappropriate relationship with a staff member." More news: Clemson AD Reveals Decision on Dabo Swinney’s Coaching Future More news: Matt Rhule’s Nebraska Program In Chaos After Third Coach Fired Moments after the firing was announced, Barstool Sports CEO and avid Michigan fan Dave Portnoy reacted to the shocking news. I thought he was getting another year… I’ll just say this, and everybody better hear it loud and clear: we don’t play for 9-3 at Michigan… we play for national championships like we do in basketball. At the time of posting the video, Portnoy likely didn’t know the full reasoning behind Moore’s firing, but he jokingly suggested that Michigan should try to poach Lane Kiffin from LSU—a shocking idea considering Kiffin just signed a seven-year, $91 million deal with the Tigers.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/betting/fanduel-promo-code-claim-150-bonus-for-nba-cup-cbb-nfl-week-15-11190124
Article: When you create a new account with the FanDuel promo code, you will have an opportunity to secure $150 in bonus bets when you wager on the NBA Cup or any other games. However, there is no odds restriction for this bet with FanDuel Sportsbook, so you will be able to pick a favorable betting market to maximize your chances of winning the $150 in bonuses. Gilgeous-Alexander 10+ points in the first quarter (+3252) FanDuel Promo Code: How To Register Claim this offer by clicking here or on any of the other links on this page and going through the steps listed below: Enter basic identifying information (Name, date of birth, mailing address, etc.) Make a deposit with a secure payment method (Credit card, debit card, online banking, etc.) Place your initial $5 bet and wait for it to settle to see if you win the $150 in bonuses If you win the bonus bets, you will have one week to use them before they expire Newsweek may earn an affiliate commission if you sign up through the links in this article.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/betting/kalshi-promo-code-newsweek-get-10-referral-bonus-for-nba-nfl-predictions-11190110
Article: The Suns have gotten off to a surprisingly good start this season, but it would be a huge upset if they were to go on the road to beat the Thunder tonight. Kalshi Promo Code NEWSWEEK: How To Claim $10 Bonus Start your new account by clicking here and going through these steps: Enter the promo code NEWSWEEK Input basic identifying information (Legal name, date of birth, address, email address, phone number, etc.) Make a deposit with a secure payment method (Credit card, debit card, online banking, PayPal account, etc.) Start making your first trades for tonight's NBA Cup games and more Make $100 in trades to secure your $10 bonus from this welcome offer Newsweek may earn an affiliate commission if you sign up through the links in this article.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/betting/betmgm-bonus-code-newsweek1500-claim-1500-nba-bonus-for-suns-thunder-lakers-spurs-11190025
Article: With the $150 bonus offer, you will want to maximize your chances of winning the bonuses by considering markets like these with your initial $10 bet: Devin Booker 15+ points (-1000) Shai Gilgeous-Alexander 25+ points (-525) Luka Doncic 25+ points (-800) De'Aaron Fox 15+ points (-2000) BetMGM Pre-Built Parlays For NBA Cup Wednesday BetMGM Sportsbook has several pre-built parlays available for tonight's games. You can consider using the NBA Cup odds boost token offer to boost your potential winnings for any of these markets: Thunder -14.5, Shai Gilgeous-Alexander 30+ points, Chet Holmgren 15+ points, Jalen Williams 15+ points (+575) Thunder moneyline, Shai Gilgeous-Alexander 30+ points, Chet Holmgren 10+ rebounds, Jalen Williams 7+ assists (+850) Spurs-Lakers over 237.5 total points, Austin reaves and Devin Vassell EACH 3+ threes made (+320) Lakers moneyline, over 237.5 total points, Luka Doncic 30+ points and 10+ assists (+475) Unlock BetMGM Bonus Code NEWSWEEK1500 Welcome Offer Let's go through the steps you will have to complete to claim this offer from BetMGM Sportsbook: to go to the sign-up page Click here to go to the sign-up page Enter the bonus code NEWSWEEK1500 Input basic personal information (Name, birth date, address, etc.) Make a deposit with a payment method (Credit/debit card, online banking, etc.) Place your first bet on the NBA Cup or any other sport to activate the offer you qualify for Use any bonus bets you receive within one week before they expire Newsweek may earn an affiliate commission if you sign up through the links in this article.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/ncaa/lane-kiffin-lsu-hit-with-unfortunate-quarterback-news-11189981
Article: "When you take the history, tradition, passion and the great players in the state of Louisiana, no one can argue that when you're in Tiger Stadium on Saturday night, there is nothing like it," Kiffin said. "This place is built for championships with championship expectations -- we understand that -- but as an elite competitor, that's exactly what you want, and that's why we're here." Just over a week into his tenure, Kiffin has been engaged on multiple fronts while he attempts to build his staff and a new roster to compete in a crowded SEC.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/ncaa/lane-kiffin-adds-former-nick-saban-assistant-to-lsu-staff-11190407
Article: Kiffin himself brought key Ole Miss staffers with him to Baton Rouge, including offensive coordinator Charlie Weis Jr., tight ends coach Joe Cox, wide receivers coach George McDonald, assistant quarterbacks coach Dane Stevens, and slot receivers coach Sawyer Jordan. Read More: Troy Aikman Takes Subtle Shot at Big Ten Quarterback After NIL Controversy A former USC kicker who moved into coaching, Houston spent significant early years at Iowa State (including a 2018 season as special-teams coordinator), worked as a special-teams analyst at Alabama in 2019, coached in New England from 2020-23 and then joined Florida as a senior analyst in 2024 before being elevated to run special teams. Houston’s NFL resume and SEC experience add credibility in player development and in selling pro pathways to recruits — valuable currency during a staff transition and a busy transfer-portal window. Read More: Texas A&M QB Marcel Reed Sends Clear Message Amid Transfer Portal Rumors Kiffin and Saban have a well-documented, consequential partnership that began when Kiffin served as Alabama’s offensive coordinator and helped lead the Tide to a national championship in 2015.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/ncaa/notre-dame-lands-4-star-prospect-in-viral-recruiting-announcement-11189928
Article: While Marcus Freeman and Notre Dame aren’t celebrating in 2025 after being snubbed from the College Football Playoff, there is excitement to be had looking into the Fight Irish’s future. After a lengthy recruitment process that saw schools like Auburn and Arkansas court him, the top defensive back in Ohio, Ace Alston, chose Notre Dame for where he will play college football come the new year. During his announcement, Alston went viral on social media when he snubbed hats from Lane Kiffin’s LSU, Ryan Day’s Ohio State, and Lincoln Riley’s USC to pour himself a bowl of Lucky Charms before putting on the Fighting Irish hat to a chorus of cheers from the crowd. More news: Matt Rhule’s Nebraska Program In Chaos After Third Coach Fired A multi-sport athlete, Alston brings a quickness and intensity that override his slender frame and should allow him to be a future standout on a strong Notre Dame roster.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nfl/nfl-coach-of-the-year-doesnt-hold-back-on-phillip-rivers-return-for-colts-11190136
Article: Indianapolis is in the hunt for an AFC wild-card spot but must go forward without starter Daniel Jones, whose resurgent season was cut short following an Achilles injury he suffered in Week 14. Rivers was signed to the Colts' practice squad this week and was seen taking first-team reps in practice as NFL fans are beginning to anticipate he may play his first game since the 2020 season. Here’s What Shane Steichen Said Minnesota Vikings head coach Kevin O'Connell, last year's NFL Coach of the Year and one of the brightest minds when it comes to the quarterback position, weighed in on the prospect of Rivers' return to the playing field. Not what it was when I walked off the field in Buffalo," Rivers said, referring to a playoff loss to the Bills in January 2021, the last game he played.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/local/tarrant-county/fort-worth-pilot-program-target-problem-properties/287-ee3529c6-d1d5-48ab-84d6-ee9c463c79a0
Article: FORT WORTH, Texas — Fort Worth officials are preparing to crack down on properties plagued by crime and repeated code violations through a new pilot program set to begin in January. The Nuisance Enforcement Task Force (NET Force) will target three properties identified as repeat offenders: Eco Motel on East Lancaster Rocky's I and Rocky's II on Hemphill Street Sandy Oak Apartments on Sandy Lane Ten city departments are collaborating on the six-month initiative.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/crime/former-mesquite-north-texas-charter-school-teacher-coach-arrested-child-grooming-charge/287-a7ac11ec-a8eb-4b2a-8af9-7bfba8b5118c
Article: Police determined that Lough had previously worked as a teacher and coach at Pioneer Technology and Arts Academy in Mesquite and had served as a club volleyball coach for a team in Mesquite, according to a press release.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/local/tarrant-county/residents-displaced-fort-worth-apartment-fire-share-stories-escape-firefighters-investigate-cause/287-193821a9-e8e2-4b1e-ad82-b3ea9730496f
Article: FORT WORTH, Texas — Flames shot through the roof of the Hillcrest Apartments early Wednesday morning as neighbors rushed to wake each other and get everyone out safely, including the father of Jay Noticewala, who had been sound asleep, as other family members in the apartment got their day started. They saw a big huge fire on top of the apartment.” The apartment building caught fire shortly after 8 p.m., and when Fort Worth firefighters arrived, they faced more than just heavy smoke and flames. “I would have had my daddy over, and he is disabled," Cooper said, “I am glad that nobody got hurt because the people upstairs were still sleeping, so thank God they made it out safe.” About one hundred firefighters worked for an hour and a half to bring the blaze under control as flames poured from the second floor. "The families, unfortunately, go through the worst moment of their lives, and for us, we get to be able to be there for those families when it happens," Alexis Gonzalez said, “We try to provide basic essentials like a toothbrush, toothpaste, hygiene products, just simple things to help you get back on your feet.” Although the first crews have wrapped up, firefighters will remain on scene through the day in case the fire rekindles.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/how-to-buy-2025-26-college-football-playoff-tickets-shop-first-round-quarterfinals-11190751
Article: How to Buy 2025-26 College Football Playoff Tickets Start Date: Friday, December 19, 2025 End Date: Monday, January 19, 2026 Location: Oklahoma, Texas, Mississippi, Oregon, Florida, California, Louisiana, Arizona, Georgia Shop Now ) Tickets: Vivid Seats ( The 2025-26 CFP is the second season under the expanded 12-team format. The quarterfinals take place in traditional bowl games (like the Rose Bowl, Sugar Bowl, Orange Bowl, and Cotton Bowl), semifinals rotate among others (Fiesta Bowl and Peach Bowl), and the season culminates with the national championship game. 19 Location: Hard Rock Stadium — Miami Gardens, FL Time: 7:30 PM ET If you purchase a product or register for an account through one of the links on our site, we may receive compensation.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/entertainment/tv/pluribus-episode-7-release-date-11167010
Article: Episode 1 — Nov 7, 2025 — We Is Us Episode 2 — Nov 7, 2025 — Pirate Lady Episode 3 — Nov 14, 2025 — Grenade Episode 4— Nov 21, 2025 — Please, Carol Episode 5 — Nov 28, 2025 — Got Milk Episode 6 — Dec 5, 2025 — HDP Episode 7 — Dec 12, 2025 — The Gap Episode 8 — Dec 19, 2025 — N/A Episode 9 — Dec 26, 2025 — N/A When Do ‘Pluribus’ Episodes Release? Here's the full cast for "Pluribus." Rhea Seehorn — Carol Sturka Karolina Wydra — Zosia Carlos-Manuel Vesga — Manousos Miriam Shor — Helen Alexis Berent — Home Repair #2 Peter Bergman — Davis Taffler Karan Soni — Deshpande Samba Schutte — Mr. Diabaté Allan McLeod — Bob Menik Gooneratne — Laxmi Darinka Arones — Kusimayu Jack Mikesell — Ray Anna Mhairi — Vesper Woody Fu — Dave Max Reeves — Margaux Blair Beeken — Jenn Olivia Rouyre — Genevieve Eric Steinig — Mel When is the 'Pluribus' Finale?

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/local/outreach/wednesdays-child/wednesdays-child-4-year-old-twins-khloe-tiffany-dream-of-forever-family/287-c590afd8-9d5d-4e3c-bc25-58fe6fc72bc6
Article: You're going to get personality from Khloe, but they are both awesome girls!" Khloe and Tiffany soaked up every moment at the Gaylord Texan, where they not only made gingerbread houses but also made memories they've never had before. "My hope for these girls this Christmas season is that they find their forever home." From building candy-covered creations to taking their very first carousel ride, their joy was contagious.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/football/articles/crl922lyzj9o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: We are progressing." Lyon boss Jonatan Giraldez described United's season as "super positive" and said the answer to progress is about building a mentality to be better than the day before. Skinner said that gives them more incentive to perform in their final league phase match against sixth-placed Juventus on 17 December - but just getting to this stage has been an achievement.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/politics/house-passes-annual-defense-bill-to-raise-troop-pay-and-overhaul-weapons-purchases
Article: It also strikes a compromise between the political parties — cutting climate and diversity efforts in line with Trump’s agenda, while also boosting congressional oversight of the Pentagon and repealing several old war authorizations. The annual National Defense Authorization Act typically gains bipartisan backing, and the White House has signaled “strong support” for the must-pass legislation, saying it is in line with Trump’s national security agenda. Yet tucked into the over-3,000-page bill are several measures that push back against the Department of Defense, including a demand for more information on boat strikes in the Caribbean and support for allies in Europe, such as Ukraine. WASHINGTON (AP) — The House voted to pass a sweeping defense policy bill Wednesday that authorizes $900 billion in military programs, including a pay raise for troops and an overhaul of how the Department of Defense buys weapons. “We need a ready, capable and lethal fighting force because the threats to our nation, especially those from China, are more complex and challenging than at any point in the last 40 years,” said Rep. Adam Smith, the top Democrat on the armed services panel, called the bill “the most ambitious swing at acquisition reform that we’ve taken.” Still, Smith lamented that the bill does not do as much as Democrats would like to rein in the Trump administration but called it “a step in the right direction towards reasserting the authority of Congress.” “The biggest concern I have is that the Pentagon, being run by Secretary Hegseth and by President Trump, is simply not accountable to Congress or accountable to the law,” he said. They had pushed for reforms after a midair collision this year between an Army helicopter and a jetliner killed all 67 people aboard the two aircraft near Washington’s Ronald Reagan National Airport. The National Transportation Safety Board and families of the victims have also voiced opposition to that section of the bill, raising concerns that it would make the airspace more dangerous. Boat strike videos and congressional oversight Lawmakers included a provision that would cut Hegseth’s travel budget by a quarter until the Pentagon provides Congress with unedited video of the strikes against alleged drug boats near Venezuela. Reaffirm commitments to Europe and Korea Trump’s ongoing support for Ukraine and other allies in Eastern Europe has been under doubt over the last year, but lawmakers included several positions meant to keep up U.S. The defense bill requires the Pentagon to keep at least 76,000 troops and major equipment stationed in Europe unless NATO allies are consulted and there is a determination that such a withdrawal is in U.S.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/show/u-s-seizes-oil-tanker-off-the-coast-of-venezuela-escalating-tensions-with-maduro
Article: Attorney General Pam Bondi said in a social media post that a warrant was executed for the crude oil tanker that was once used to transport sanctioned oil from both Venezuela and Iran.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/show/news-wrap-judge-halts-national-guard-deployments-in-los-angeles
Article: In our news wrap Wednesday, a federal judge ruled the Trump administration must stop the National Guard deployment in Los Angeles, the Justice Department was granted a request to unseal transcripts from the 2019 Epstein sex trafficking case, scientists found evidence of humans making fire far earlier than previously thought and a Democrat will run Miami for the first time in nearly 30 years.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/show/syrian-filmmaker-gives-an-inside-look-at-her-return-home-after-the-fall-of-assad-regime
Article: The Assad family's oppressive half-century rule ended one year ago this week, as Bashar al-Assad fled for Russia amid an insurgent takeover after he spent more than 12 years slaughtering his own people.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/mississippi-man-ordered-freed-after-serving-10-years-128294535
Article: A man illegally sentenced to 15 years in prison on a drug conviction is set to walk free after Mississippi's governor granted him clemency Mississippi man ordered freed after serving more than 10 years of ann illegal 15-year sentence FILE - Mississippi Republican Gov. (AP Photo/Ted Shaffrey, File) A man illegally sentenced to 15 years in prison for a crime that carries a maximum penalty of five years behind bars is set to walk free, after Mississippi Gov. The Mississippi Court of Appeals ruled in May that Marcus Taylor's sentence was illegal, but did not commute his sentence because Taylor had missed the deadline to apply for post-conviction relief. Taylor has served more than 10 years of his sentence, and further service of this sentence in excess of the five-year statutory maximum constitutes a mischarge of justice.” It is the first time Reeves has granted clemency since taking office in 2020.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/scores-government-statisticians-leaving-data-risk-report-128296066
Article: One agency lost 95% of its staff, while others dropped by about quarter to more than a third, due to government downsizing this year during President Donald Trump’s first months in office, according to the report released by the American Statistical Association. chief statistician, said: “Everything in government is embedded in politics and is embedded in accountability.” “So these kinds of debates about independence and accountability, they’re oranges and apples to some extent,” Calabria said during a forum at the Center for Strategic and International Studies, a Washington-based think tank. “What you have is wanting to make sure that the data gives you the right answer.” In the first months of the second Trump administration, thousands of federal government workers were shown the door as part of efforts by the White House and its Department of Government Efficiency. The White House also offered a “deferred resignation” proposal in exchange for financial incentives, like months of paid leave, to almost all federal employees who opted to leave their jobs. “The statistical system is still functioning, but the threats are very serious,” said Beth Jarosz, vice president of the Association of Public Data Users, who was not involved in the report. We’re seeing that showing up in the cancellation of data products, the reduction in data collection on things like consumer prices.” The team behind the report noted that they had a “sparsity of information” about the detailed impacts of the cuts since the agencies wouldn't provide them “perhaps out of caution or because they are not allowed to communicate with outside entities.” The hardest hit agency was the National Center for Education Statistics, a part of the U.S. The Trump administration made unsubstantiated claims of biased data; removed the heads of the Bureau of Labor Statistics and the National Center for Education Statistics; failed to fill key leadership vacancies; and named political appointees who hold other jobs to fill in leadership positions that had been held by career civil servants, according to the report.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/judge-weighs-halting-execution-georgia-man-seeking-protection-128283387
Article: A federal judge says she plans to rule quickly on a Georgia man's assertion that his execution next week should be halted ATLANTA -- A federal judge said Wednesday that she plans to rule quickly on whether to halt the execution next week of a Georgia man who says he should be shielded by an agreement reached during the COVID-19 pandemic that set conditions for the state to resume putting condemned people to death. Stacey Humphreys, 52, is scheduled to die next Wednesday for the 2003 killings of 33-year-old Cyndi Williams and 21-year-old Lori Brown, who were fatally shot at the real estate office where they worked in an Atlanta suburb. Potek said that’s because a deal made when executions were paused during the pandemic is still being used to delay putting some inmates to death, but not Humphreys and others. After Georgia put executions on hold during the pandemic, the state attorney general’s office entered into an agreement with lawyers for people on death row to set the terms under which they could resume. Under the agreement, three conditions must be met before executions could be scheduled for the covered prisoners: the expiration of the state’s COVID-19 judicial emergency, the resumption of normal visitation at state prisons and the availability of a COVID-19 vaccine “to all members of the public.” Additionally, state lawyers agreed that they would provide three months’ notice before pursuing an execution warrant for one of the prisoners covered by the agreement and six months’ notice for the rest. Although the judicial emergency was lifted more than four years ago, defense attorneys say the other two conditions have not been met because visitation is “severely restricted” compared with pre-pandemic levels and infants under 6 months old are not eligible for the vaccine. Humphreys’ lawyers wrote in a lawsuit filed in October that the agreement’s clear purpose was to allow lawyers for people on death row to adequately prepare for clemency proceedings and for the “frantic time period immediately leading up to execution proceedings.” They argue that seeking to execute people who weren’t included while the agreement remains in effect creates “a distinct, disfavored class” of death row prisoners who won’t be guaranteed he same level of legal representation. Lawyers for the state said Humphreys has failed to show how his lawyers have been restricted from preparing for his upcoming execution because of COVID-19 or that the state has arbitrarily chosen to exclude him from the agreement. The state’s lawyers also point out that death row prisoner Willie James Pye made similar arguments before his execution in March 2024 and a federal judge found that “the State clearly has a valid basis for drawing a line between the inmates covered and not covered by the Agreement.” A similar case brought by three other people on Georgia’s death row was rejected by a federal judge and is pending before the 11th Circuit.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/botulism-outbreak-sickens-50-babies-expands-byheart-products-128293676
Article: Federal health officials have expanded an outbreak of infant botulism tied to ByHeart baby formula to include any illnesses reported since the company began production in 2022 Botulism outbreak sickens more than 50 babies and expands to all ByHeart products FILE - Stephen Dexter holds a container of ByHeart baby formula, which was recently recalled by ByHeart, in Flagstaff, Ariz., on Wednesday, Nov. (AP Photo/Cheyanne Mumphrey, File) Federal health officials on Wednesday expanded an outbreak of infant botulism tied to recalled ByHeart baby formula to include all illnesses reported since the company began production in March 2022. News that ByHeart products could have been contaminated for years was distressing to Andi Galindo, whose 5-week-old daughter, Rowan, was hospitalized in December 2023 with infant botulism after drinking the formula. Galindo, 36, of Redondo Beach, California, said she insisted on using ByHeart formula to supplement a low supply of breast milk because it was recommended by a lactation consultant as “very natural, very gentle, very good for the babies." “That's a hard one,” Galindo said. “If there is proof that there were issues with their manufacturing and their plant all the way back from the beginning, that is a problem and they really need to be held accountable." ByHeart officials did not immediately respond to questions about the expanded outbreak. In 2022, the year ByHeart started making formula, the company recalled five batches of infant formula after a sample at a packaging plant tested positive for a different germ, cronobacter sakazakii. In 2023, the FDA sent a warning letter to the company detailing “areas that still require corrective actions.” A ByHeart plant in Reading, Pennsylvania, was shut down in 2023 just before FDA inspectors found problems with mold, water leaks and insects, inspection documents show.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/trumps-crackdown-immigration-taking-toll-child-care-workers-128267963
Article: President Donald Trump’s push for the largest mass deportation in history has had an outsized impact on the child care field, which is heavily reliant on immigrants and already strained by a worker shortage WASHINGTON -- Not long after President Donald Trump took office in January, staff at CentroNía bilingual preschool began rehearsing what to do if Immigration and Customs Enforcement officials came to the door. As ICE became a regular presence in their historically Latino neighborhood this summer, teachers stopped taking children to nearby parks, libraries and playgrounds that had once been considered an extension of the classroom. She got out of the car and ran into the preschool, McLaughlin said, emphasizing the teacher was “arrested in the vestibule, not in the school.” The man who had been driving went inside the preschool, where officials arrested him. The proportion of immigrants in some places, particularly large cities, is much higher: In the District of Columbia, California and New York, around 40% of the child care workforce is foreign-born, according to UC Berkeley’s Center for the Study of Child Care Employment. Those from Latin America help satisfy the growing demand for Spanish-language preschools, such as CentroNía, where some parents enroll their kids to give them a head start learning another language. At CentroNía, one staff member was detained by ICE while walking down the street and held for several hours, all the while unable to contact colleagues to let them know where she was. When the city sent mental health consultants to the school earlier this year as part of a partnership with the Department of Behavioral Health, school leadership had them work with teachers rather than students, worried their anguish would spill over to the classroom. In the ensuing commotion, the school went into lockdown: Children were pulled off the playground, and teachers played loud music and had children sing along to drown out the yelling.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/sarkozy-describes-prison-stay-advises-appealing-new-book-128268735
Article: Sarkozy describes his prison stay and advises on appealing to the far right in his new book Former French President Nicolas Sarkozy arrives to sign his book "Diary of a Prisoner," in a Paris bookshop, Wednesday, Dec. (AP Photo/Michel Euler) PARIS -- Former French President Nicolas Sarkozy described the prison where he spent 20 days as a noisy, harsh “all-grey” world of “inhuman violence" in a book released Wednesday that also offered political advice about how his conservative party should appeal to far-right voters. In “Diary of a Prisoner,” the 70-year-old says his own tough-on-crime stance has taken on a new perspective as he recounts the uncommon turn in his life after being found guilty of criminal association in financing his winning 2007 campaign with funds from Libya. Sarkozy, known for his tough rhetoric on punishing criminals, said he promised himself that “upon my release, my comments would be more elaborate and nuanced than what I had previously expressed on all these topics.” Beyond recounting prison life, Sarkozy used the book to offer strategic political advice for his conservative Republicans party and revealed he spoke by phone from prison with far-right leader Marine Le Pen, once a fierce rival. “We do not share the same ideas when it comes to economic policy, we do not share the same history … and I note that there may still be some problematic figures among them. But they represent so many French people, respect the results of the elections and participate in the functioning of our democracy.” Sarkozy argued that the reconstruction of his weakened Republicans party “can only be achieved through the broadest possible spirit of unity.” The Republicans party has in recent years been moving away from a position held among parties for decades that any electoral strategy must be aimed at containing the far right, even if it means losing a district to another competitor. Still, political analyst Roland Cayrol said Sarkozy's comments came like “a thunderclap” in the decades-long position of French conservatives that the National Rally doesn't "share the same values” and “no electoral alliance is possible” with the far right. In the wake of Sarkozy's comments, the Republicans' top officials have stopped short of calling for any actual cooperation deal with the National Rally, but instead indicated they want to focus on ways to get far-right voters to choose conservative candidates. Last year, France's top court upheld an appeals court decision that had found Sarkozy guilty of trying to bribe a magistrate in exchange for information about legal proceedings in which he was involved.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/denmark-compensate-greenlandic-women-girls-forcibly-contraception-128283378
Article: Denmark has reached a deal to compensate thousands of Indigenous women and girls in Greenland over cases of forcible contraception carried out by health authorities over decades starting in the 1960s COPENHAGEN, Denmark -- Denmark has reached a deal to compensate thousands of Indigenous women and girls in Greenland over cases of forcible contraception carried out by health authorities over decades starting in the 1960s. The Danish health ministry said Wednesday that women who were given contraception against their knowledge or consent between 1960 and 1991 can apply for individual payouts of 300,000 Danish kroner (about $46,000) starting next April. The Inuits, many of them teenagers at the time, were fitted with intrauterine contraceptive devices, known as IUDs or coils, or given a hormonal birth control injection — either without learning details or giving their consent. An independent investigation published in September found that more than 350 Greenlandic Indigenous women and girls, including some 12 years old and younger, had reported they were forcibly given contraception by health authorities — though more than 4,000 women and girls are believed to have been affected.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/southeast-asia-embraces-offshore-wind-power-trump-bashes-128267185
Article: DELGADO Associated Press and ANIRUDDHA GHOSAL Associated Press FILE -Participants wear wind turbine headgear to raise peoples awareness on renewable energy, fix their costumes during the Global Day of Action Against Climate Change ,Dec. (AP Photo/Pat Roque, File) FILE -Participants wear wind turbine headgear to raise peoples awareness on renewable energy, fix their costumes during the Global Day of Action Against Climate Change ,Dec. Offshore wind, which uses turbines installed in the sea, is set to grow rapidly because it can harness stronger, steadier ocean winds to generate clean electricity, the International Energy Agency says. Those moves could turn Southeast Asia into a model for other developing nations seeking to use wind energy as an alternative to fossil fuels, said Rebecca Williams, with the Global Wind Energy Council. The White House has halted construction on major offshore wind farms, revoked and paused permits, canceled plans to use large areas of federal waters for wind energy and cut $679 million in federal funding for a dozen projects — a complete reversal from former President Joe Biden's Administration. Energy Secretary Sharon Garin said that shifted offshore wind power from “potential to reality,” with clear rules and plans for how wind farms will connect to the grid, which ports they'll use and how equipment will be moved. Filipino corporation ACEN partnered with Denmark's Copenhagen Infrastructure Partners in May to co-develop the nation’s first large-scale offshore wind project, aiming for up to 1 gigawatts in the central Philippine province of Camarines Sur. Copenhagen Infrastructure Partners is working with state-owned PetroVietnam on an offshore wind project in south-central Vietnam and Germany’s PNE AG is planning a $4.6 billion, 2-gigawatt farm in Binh Dinh province.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/renewed-thailand-cambodia-border-fighting-displaces-hundreds-thousands-128269498
Article: Renewed border fighting between Thailand and Cambodia is showing no signs of stopping An wounded Thai soldier is carried to be transferred to a hospital, in Surin province, Thailand, Wednesday, Dec. (AP Photo/Sakchai Lalit) SURIN, Thailand -- Renewed border fighting between Thailand and Cambodia showed no signs of abating Wednesday, leaving hundreds of thousands of displaced people in both countries living in strained conditions as more flooded into temporary shelters. There is not yet a clear path to peace as Thailand’s Prime Minister Anutin Charnvirakul vowed to continue to fight and Cambodia’s powerful Senate President Hun Sen promised a fierce response. A knock-on effect of the fighting and bad blood between the nations was Cambodia’s withdrawal of its entire team from the 33rd Southeast Asian Games, which began Tuesday in Thailand. Secretary of State Marco Rubio earlier called on the two sides to live up to the commitments made at an October meeting in Malaysia that reaffirmed the July ceasefire and called for removing heavy weapons from the border, coordinating removal of land mines and other steps. He added that Thailand will not likely accept if another third party proposes to mediate since “the line has been crossed.” The ceasefire was fragile from the start as both nations carried on a bitter propaganda war and minor incidents of cross-border violence continued. Thailand deployed jet fighters to carry out airstrikes on what it says are military targets, while Cambodia's most fearsome weapons are BM-21 rocket launchers with a range of roughly 30-40 kilometers (19-25 miles). A Thai army statement said Cambodia on Tuesday launched approximately 125 salvos from BM-21 launchers totaling about 5,000 rockets and that some had hit civilian areas, though no casualties were reported. I can’t really put it into words.” ___ Sopheng Cheang in Srei Snam, Cambodia, Wasamon Audjarint in Bangkok and Matthew Lee and Lou Kesten in Washington contributed to this report.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/ukraine-hold-elections-months-security-ensured-zelenskyy-128270457
Article: negotiators Wednesday Ukraine can hold elections within months if security is ensured, Zelenskyy says Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy, left, with Britain's Prime Minister Keir Starmer, French President Emmanuel Macron, and German Chancellor Friedrich Merz pose on the doorstep of 10 Downing Street, London, Monday, Dec. (AP Photo/Kin Cheung) Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy, left, with Britain's Prime Minister Keir Starmer, French President Emmanuel Macron, and German Chancellor Friedrich Merz pose on the doorstep of 10 Downing Street, London, Monday, Dec. negotiators Wednesday, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy said, a day ahead of his urgent talks with leaders and officials from about 30 other countries supporting Kyiv's effort to end the war with Russia on acceptable terms. After Trump called for a presidential election in Ukraine, Zelenskyy said his country would be ready for such a vote within three months if partners can guarantee safe balloting during wartime and if its electoral law can be altered. Zelenskyy's openness to an election was a response to comments by Trump in which he questioned Ukraine’s democracy and suggested the Ukrainian leader was using the war as an excuse not to stand before voters. “To hold elections, two issues must be addressed: primarily, security — how to conduct them, how to do it under strikes, under missile attacks; and a question regarding our military — how they would vote,” Zelenskyy said. “And the second issue is the legislative framework required to ensure the legitimacy of elections.” Zelenskyy pointed out previously that balloting can’t legally happen while martial law — imposed due to Russia’s invasion — is in place. Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov praised Trump’s role in the Ukraine peace effort, telling the upper house of parliament that Moscow appreciates his “commitment to dialogue.” Trump, Lavrov said, is “the only Western leader” who shows “an understanding of the reasons that made war in Ukraine inevitable.” Trump’s peace efforts have run into sharply conflicting demands from Moscow and Kyiv. Zelenskyy met this week with the leaders of Britain, Germany and France in London, the heads of NATO and the European Union in Brussels, and then went to Rome to meet the Italian premier and Pope Leo XIV. Europe’s support is uneven, however, and that has meant a decrease in military aid since the Trump administration this year cut off supplies to Kyiv unless they were paid for by other NATO countries.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/brazilian-police-apprehend-suspects-stole-matisse-artworks-daylight-128292860
Article: Brazilian police say that one of the two suspects behind a brazen daylight robbery over the weekend in Sao Paulo remained at large following a heist that included eight works by French artist Henri Matisse Brazilian police apprehend one of two suspects who stole Matisse artworks in a daylight heist SAO PAULO -- Brazilian authorities said Wednesday that one of the two suspects behind a brazen daylight robbery over the weekend in Sao Paulo remained at large following a heist that included eight works by French artist Henri Matisse. Footage from security cameras distributed by authorities following the heist at the Mário de Andrade library in the Brazilian city on Sunday, the last day of an exhibition featuring the two artists, shows the suspects handling the artworks and leaning them against a low wall. The stolen Matisse pieces on display were part of a copy of “Jazz,” a limited edition book of prints first published in 1947 of which there are 270 in total, according to official documents. The cover — where Matisse's name and the title appear in black, looping calligraphy — was stolen, as was the cut-out known as ‘circus.' Matisse prints can be worth up to $15,000, said Wiona Raba, a manager at the Art Loss Register. Matisse, who died in 1954, is one of France’s most treasured artists and the leading figure of Fauvism, a modern art movement characterized by intense colors and strong, expressive brushstrokes that broke from the 19th-century Impressionist tradition.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/recognizes-compas-haitian-music-dance-genre-marked-generations-128283092
Article: Compas, a beloved Haitian music and dance genre inspired by merengue and infused with percussion, has made UNESCO’s cultural heritage list By DÁNICA COTO Associated Press and EVENS SANON Associated Press FILE - Andre "Dadou" Pasquet, left, sings and plays guitar with the Magnum compas band during a practice session in North Miami, Fla. 18, when Haiti classified for the World Cup for the first time since 1974, compas music accompanied a cheering crowd jogging through the streets of Port-au-Prince and dancing in their homes. UNESCO also recognized the Cuban Son, noting that its “lyrics are drawn from daily life, which are passed down orally.” In its praise for compas, UNESCO said the music “brings together people of all ages, genders and backgrounds.” Compas, also known as konpa or kompa in Haitian Creole, incorporates the Haitian drum known as tanbou, congas, electric guitars and trumpets, among other instruments. Dupuy noted that UNESCO already has recognized Haiti’s famed joumou, or pumpkin soup, along with cassava, and that the inclusion of compas “reaffirms our unwavering commitment to love, the joy of living and freedom of expression: this rhythm that brings the dawn with gusto, against all odds.” From Coupé Cloué to Carimi, compas still reigns supreme in Haiti 70 years after its creation. “When you dance with a woman, you really don’t have to move, you can just stand still and hold the woman to your body and close your eyes.” Charles used to go out and listen to live compas bands, but, “now that we’re a country that’s under siege by gangs, nightlife has diminished.” He rarely goes out for fear of being killed, but he still listens to the music at home. “The songs always include really great arrangements and improvisation.” Charles composed the score for “Jazz Island,” which premiered Friday at New York City’s Alvin Ailey American Dance Theater and is based on a book by Geoffrey Holder.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/eu-enlargement-chief-ukraines-membership-inevitable-despite-hungarys-128283091
Article: EU enlargement chief Marta Kos says Ukraine’s EU membership is “inevitable” and has expressed confidence that Hungary will not block the country’s accession, even as Budapest objects to moving ahead during wartime By DEREK GATOPOULOS Associated Press and EVGENIY MALOLETKA Associated Press KYIV, UKraine -- The European Union’s enlargement chief said Wednesday she is confident Hungary will not derail Ukraine’s path to membership, which she described as "inevitable.” “I’m not worried,” Commissioner Marta Kos told reporters while visiting a thermal power plant in Western Ukraine that was badly damaged by Russia’s campaign against civilian infrastructure. “I would be worried if there were real concerns.” “On EU membership of Ukraine — which is inevitable — I see this as a political anchor of security guarantees,” she said, noting that “There has never been a war on the territory of the European Union.” Ukraine hopes to join the bloc by the end of the decade and remains frustrated that its path to NATO membership looks uncertain. Kos hinted that the process could move even faster, saying “The quicker the reforms which are needed will be done, the quicker the process can be.” Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orbán has opposed launching membership talks while the war continues. Yet, Kos dismissed his objections saying “We do not need Orbán to do the reforms which are necessary for Ukraine to become a member of the EU." The Slovenian diplomat toured the heavily damaged power plant, where heavy machinery was blackened, control panels melted and a giant hole gaped in the roof of one of the main buildings. At first it’s very difficult to orient yourself in the smoke.” Company officials asked that the plant’s location and the full names of employees not be published for security reasons.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/11/asia-pacific-markets-live-thursday-fed-third-rate-cut-jerome-powell-nikkei-225-hang-seng.html
Article: Shibuya crossing in known to be the world's busiest pedestrian crossing Asia-Pacific markets were set to open higher on Thursday, following the Federal Reserve's third rate cut of the year.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/10/jim-cramer-names-stocks-to-buy.html
Article: After the Federal Reserve cut the benchmark borrowing rate by 25 basis points, CNBC's Jim Cramer shared a few types of stocks he thinks are solid buys in the current economic environment. "That means we don't have to fight the Fed when we buy stocks." The central bank lowered interest rates even as members were split on the decision — some feared a cut would fire up inflation, while others felt a cut was necessary to strengthen the job market.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/sports/2025/12/10/arsenal-but-brugge-to-maintain-champions-league-streak-but-newcastle-held?traffic_source=rss
Article: Noni Madueke scored two goals, and Gabriel Martinelli netted another as Arsenal kept up their 100 percent run in the Champions League to stay top of the standings with a comfortable 3-0 triumph at Belgium’s Club Brugge. Arsenal’s sixth win in as many games all but confirms a top-eight finish, meaning they will skip the knockout phase playoffs in February and move straight into the round of 16 in March. It was a satisfying night on Wednesday at the Jan Breydelstadion for the under-strength Gunners, who lost at Aston Villa at the weekend and made five changes to freshen up an injury-stricken squad, including a first run-out in almost a year for Brazilian striker Gabriel Jesus, who got half an hour of action as a second-half substitute. Madueke got matters going with a thunderous strike in the 25th minute, collecting possession on the halfway line and swiftly weaving his way upfield before unleashing a powerful effort that flew into the top corner. The home side went close to an equaliser in the 39th minute, when some swift passing saw Aleksandar Stankovic curl a shot narrowly wide, and continued to probe up to half-time with David Raya making two key saves, from Christos Tzolis and Stankovic. But that momentum looked to have been left in the changing room at half-time as they were caught two minutes into the second half when Madueke headed home his second goal. Martinelli keeps up Champions League scoring streak Nine minutes later, Martinelli added the third, cutting in off the left wing and hammering a right-footed shot into the net for a fifth goal in as many Champions League appearances this season, having missed one of Arsenal’s matches. Jesus struck the crossbar in the 79th minute, inches away from a dream return after his lengthy layoff due to a knee injury, and Arsenal still had time to give 16-year-old Marli Salmon a debut at right back in the last seven minutes. Brugge went into the match in some turmoil after Monday’s surprise sacking of coach Nicky Hayen, with his replacement, Ivan Leko, in charge on his return for a second spell at the club. PSG held in Bilbao, while Napoli shocked in Benfica Paris St Germain played out their first goalless draw of the season at Athletic Bilbao but stayed in the driving seat for direct qualification for the Champions League last-16 after a string of fine saves by home goalkeeper Unai Simon denied the defending champions. Luis Enrique’s side had the clearest chances after being under pressure in the first half, but Simon produced several superb saves, and Ousmane Dembele’s absence was once again felt up front by the visitors. The result left PSG in third place in the 36-team league with 13 points from six games, while Bilbao are 28th on five points, two points from the playoff places. Bilbao threatened first when Alex Berenguer curled a right-footed free kick towards the far post in the 31st minute, forcing PSG goalkeeper Matvey Safonov to fingertip the ball behind for a corner. PSG, who had to deal with the absence of Dembele after the France forward fell ill, had their best opening earlier on a swift counterattack in the 19th minute when Fabian Ruiz, after controlling well on his chest, fired his effort over the crossbar. Khvicha Kvaratskhelia burst down the right on a rapid counter and delivered a low cross that evaded Joao Neves before Senny Mayulu pounced, only for Simon to react brilliantly and push the close-range effort away. The pressure continued from a corner on 53 minutes as Warren Zaire-Emery collected a clearance on the edge of the area and unleashed a powerful half-volley towards the far corner, forcing another sharp save from the Bilbao keeper. Leverkusen fight back to deny Newcastle Bayer Leverkusen’s Alex Grimaldo bagged an 88th-minute goal to rescue a 2-2 draw for the hosts against Newcastle United in the Champions League on Wednesday. Newcastle, who also hit the woodwork twice, thought they had done enough to get back into the top eight after coming from a goal down to lead 2-1 with a strong second-half performance and goals from Anthony Gordon and Lewis Miley, before Spain international Grimaldo charged into the box to level with two minutes left. The hosts went in front when Robert Andrich headed on at the far post, and the ball bounced off Newcastle captain Bruno Guimaraes for an own goal in the 13th minute, with the visitors struggling with the German defence for much of the first half. They kept up the pressure, and Gordon, who had rattled the post with a fierce low shot in the 63rd, turned provider in the 74th, floating a cross in the box for substitute Miley to head in his maiden Champions League goal. With Leverkusen now firmly on the back foot, Eddie Howe’s team created several more scoring chances, with Flekken coming to the rescue with a superb save to stop Malick Thiaw’s point-blank header.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/10/brazils-chamber-of-deputies-passes-bill-to-lower-bolsonaros-sentence?traffic_source=rss
Article: The bill, which the Senate must now approve, aims to reduce the sentences of more than 1,000 people involved in the attacks on January 8, 2023, which saw Bolsonaro’s supporters storm government headquarters in Brasilia. It’s part of political coverage involving authorities, but physical aggression in the way it happened this Tuesday, unfortunately, will be remembered as a sad chapter in this story here in Congress,” Amancio said. “He was dragged out, and at the same time, this agenda that President Hugo Motta has put forward is a disgrace that undermines democracy.” In a statement shared over social media, Motta argued that Braga’s actions disrespected the legislative branch. Bolsonaro, who served as president from 2019 to 2023, was found guilty in September on five charges, including one count of seeking the violent abolition of the democratic rule of law.

Link: https://www.latimes.com/california/story/2025-12-10/pro-housing-group-sues-newsom-over-duplex-ban-in-wildfire-zones
Article: YIMBY Law, a San Francisco-based organization, alleges that Newsom’s executive order over the summer allowing cities to suspend SB 9 is a constitutional overreach and violates the California Emergency Services Act, which states that emergency powers can only be used to mitigate ongoing disasters, not potential ones. Advertisement Proponents of SB 9 , a 2021 state law that allows homeowners to split single-family lots into as many as four properties, claim it’s a valuable tool to address the housing crisis by adding density. Critics claim that the density afforded by SB 9 would destroy the character of single-family neighborhoods, while also slowing down evacuations in fire-prone areas by packing in more homes and residents. “We want everyone to be able to rebuild, but suspending SB 9 devalues those properties.” Trauss said many fire victims are underinsured and currently deciding whether it’s financially possible to rebuild.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/local/frisco-family-grieving-after-dog-killed-bobcat-attack/287-00c3e8d2-5d85-4ac3-b308-c37e0ad513b7
Article: The owners say the bobcat grabbed the small dog by the neck and jumped in a nearby tree FRISCO, Texas — Melissa and Paul Clark don’t hesitate when you ask them about their favorite “child.” She’s small, covered in fur, and walked on all fours.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c1w9lg11jw0o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: US seizes oil tanker off the coast of Venezuela, Trump says 44 minutes ago Share Save Kayla Epstein Share Save Watch: Video shows US military seizing oil tanker off Venezuela coast US forces have seized an oil tanker off the coast of Venezuela, President Donald Trump said, marking a sharp escalation in Washington's pressure campaign against Nicolás Maduro's government. "We have just seized a tanker on the coast of Venezuela - a large tanker, very large, the largest one ever seized actually," Trump told reporters at the White House. US Attorney General Pam Bondi, who leads the US Department of Justice, said the Federal Bureau of Investigation, Department of Defense, Department of Homeland Security, and the US Coast Guard co-ordinated the seizure. "For multiple years, the oil tanker has been sanctioned by the United States due to its involvement in an illicit oil shipping network supporting foreign terrorist organizations," the nation's top prosecutor wrote on X. Watch: Venezuela’s Maduro sings "Don't worry, be happy" as he calls for peace with the US The Venezuelan government issued a statement denouncing the seizure as a "grave international crime". "To American citizens who are against the war, I respond with a very famous song: Don't worry, be happy," Maduro said in Spanish before singing along to the lyrics of the 1988 hit.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c0q5p43qgl1o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Venezuelan opposition leader makes first public appearance after months in hiding 31 minutes ago Share Save Kayla Epstein Share Save EPA/Shutterstock Venezuelan opposition leader María Corina Machado appeared in Oslo, Norway, after winning the Nobel Peace Prize, waving from the balcony of the Grand Hotel after months in hiding. From the balcony on Wednesday with a crowd cheering below, Machado placed her hand on her heart and sang with her supporters, before walking outside to greet them in person.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c8e94pe6w9ro?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Why so many people break 20mph speed limits (it's more complicated than you think) 3 hours ago Share Save Evan Davis Presenter on Radio 4's PM Share Save BBC I like to think of myself as a law-abiding driver. But it was not a total shock earlier this year when I received one of those official notifications in the post, informing me that I had been caught exceeding a speed limit (driving out of Wandsworth in South London, if you're interested). And so it was, on a warm Saturday morning earlier this year, that I found myself in a London hotel conference room, with about two dozen other people learning about the dangers of speeding. Evan Davis's new car uses Intelligent Speed Assistance, allowing him to cap his speed with a flick of a button As the course instructors went around the room asking us all why we were there, it turned out that almost none of us had been driving "fast" as you might have once defined the word. (Or more accurately, slow down.) The number of tickets issued for 20mph speed offences was almost half a million last year, according to data collated from police forces in Great Britain by campaign group, 20's Plenty For Us. As a driver myself - but also an occasional cyclist, pedestrian and resident of a neighbourhood of 20mph roads - I am increasingly fascinated by the complicated layers of debate. 'Frankly ludicrous - a war on motorists' In Wales, no-one can have missed the debate over the Cardiff government's decision to lower speed limits in built-up areas in September 2023. Mark Drakeford, the former First Minister and Labour politician who introduced the policy, said it would "keep people from losing their lives"; while the Welsh Conservatives called it "disastrous, frankly ludicrous and a war on motorists". Getty Images The number of tickets issued for 20mph speed offences was almost half a million last year, according to a campaign group Over half of London's roads now have a 20mph speed limit, according to Transport for London (TfL). In Leeds, dozens of roads are set to become 20mph as part of the council's "Vision Zero 2040" strategy (which aims for zero road deaths or serious injuries by 2040). Psychological flow at the wheel Figures from the Department for Transport show that in 2024, while 43% of cars exceeded the 30mph limit (and 44% exceeded 70mph on motorways), 20mph roads, it was 76%. "In a flow analogy, what you're doing is you're increasing the challenge a little bit to get more into that sweet flow spot and a more enjoyable experience." But he argues that drivers can help themselves enter that "flow state" while sticking to 20mph. That sort of gamification of the driving experience can add elements that would bring flow in without changing the speed that you're driving." Evan Davis attended a speed awareness course this summer after he was caught speeding on a 20mph road For some drivers, faster speeds are simply more satisfying. "Once a child learns to walk, then they learn to run, and then they just run everywhere, because it's more fun." Then there are habits: we can habituate ourselves to speed - so fast can feel slow, and vice versa, depending on what you're used to. Shaun Helman, Chief Scientist at the Transport Research Laboratory, points out: "If you're barrelling along a motorway at 70mph, the moment you leave on to the slip road and slow right down, you will notice that it suddenly feels a lot slower than you're used to because of that short-term fast speed that you've been doing." Add to that the fact that modern cars - with their active suspension and their noise-optimised tyres - give some drivers an extra sense of security. So that makes it easier to slip over a limit." One-third reduction in collisions Of course, there's a clear reason why many councils have rolled out 20mph speed limits: safety. A pedestrian who is hit by a car travelling at between 30mph and 40mph is between three-and-a-half and five-and-a-half times more likely to be killed than if hit by a car driver travelling at below 30mph, according to the Royal Society for the Prevention of Accidents, a charity. Analysing a period of three years before, and three years after, the limit was lowered, their research suggested that 20mph limits brought a 35% reduction in collisions, as well as a 34% reduction in serious injuries and deaths. Getty Images Mark Drakeford's Labour government was at the centre of a political hot potato after introducing a default 20mph speed limit in built-up areas in Wales But, as they concede, other road safety measures were also implemented over that period, and it is difficult to pinpoint exactly what caused the improvements. In Wales, too, the government has found a 25% reduction in the number of people injured or killed on low-speed roads in the most recent 18 months, compared with the 18 months before a speed limit reduction. It found that casualties dropped by 22% three years after 20mph speed limits were introduced - a fall, but not a statistically significant one, the study's authors said (in other words, it could have been explained by mere chance). Hazel Peacock Hazel Peacock, from Harrogate, says she feels more comfortable cycling with her son to school now some of the roads have a 20mph limit But broadly speaking, the data shows that slower equals safer. A European meta-study from last year at the National Technical University of Athens, reviewed 70 studies of the 30km/h limits in 17 cities and found a 23% reduction in road crashes, and a 38% reduction in fatalities. Getty Images Slower car speeds can also calm the minds of other road users, reducing that sense of those people in cars inhabiting a different, distant, dangerous world of their own. "But the opposite is also true, your behaviour actually defines your attitudes." And then of course, there is the really big transformation under way, with which anyone with a newish car is familiar: the technology of speed control. I'm happy to say that since my speeding ticket earlier this year, not only have I been schooled in the dangers of speed and the merits of driving slowly, I now have a new car, in which it takes just a quick flick of a finger to cap the speed.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/crmdxky3p9wo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: The reality facing England's busiest A&E unit as flu wave hits 3 hours ago Share Save Chloe Hayward , BBC News and Hugh Pym , Health editor Share Save BBC Paige, who has type 1 diabetes, came into hospital with flu and dangerously high sugar levels At England's busiest emergency unit, all the beds are full by midday. Flu season has hit a month earlier than normal this year, with experts warning there appears to be a more severe strain of the virus - mutated H3N2 - circulating. But staff at the Royal Infirmary say increasing numbers of people coming to hospital with the flu and other winter bugs - together with existing pressures - are hitting the hospital hard. Infections and stuff just seem to hit harder than usual." The number of flu patients in hospital has hit a record high in England for this time of year with NHS leaders warning the country is facing an unprecedented flu season. Richard Mitchell has been the chief executive of University Hospitals Leicester NHS Trust since 2021 - and has witnessed first-hand how it gets harder to cope with each winter that passes. "At this point I feel we are working at the limits of our ability." Turning minor cases away The hospital has introduced a new system to manage the flow of patients arriving at its emergency department, as pressure grows on front-line services. "We aim to get people better ready for going home and hopefully keep them stronger and more independent so they aren't back in hospital so frequently over the winter," says head of nursing, Emma Roberts. For the first week in January - traditionally the busiest each year - the hospital plans to free up more emergency beds, but that means delaying other operations and procedures.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c2dzre3z96go?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Rolling Stones finally approve Fatboy Slim sample after 25 years 2 hours ago Share Save Mark Savage Music correspondent Share Save Getty Images Norman Cook and Mick Jagger, pictured together at a David Bowie after-party in London, 1999 One of the world's most bootlegged recordings - Fatboy Slim's Satisfaction Skank - is finally being released, after the Rolling Stones gave belated approval for the song's pivotal sample. Fatboy Slim, real name Norman Cook, created the track 25 years ago by grafting the riff from the Stones' Satisfaction onto his platinum-selling single The Rockafeller Skank, after he grew "bored" of playing the original. "I had this tune that nobody else had, and it was a really good encore." In the 2000s, the song spread like wildfire on file-sharing sites like Napster and Kazaa but, until now, The Stones had refused to clear it for commercial release. PA Media Norman Cook has more pseudonyms than James Bond - including Fatboy Slim, Pizzaman and Mighty Dub Katz Over the years, there have been several attempts to get the sample approved. Previously, writer Richard Ashcroft had been forced to surrender all his royalties from the song, due to its sample of an orchestral cover of the Rolling Stones' The Last Time. When he woke, he had no recollection of the song Satisfaction Skank has been a staple of Fatboy Slim's live set for over a quarter of a century, but Cook says he can't remember the first time he played it. That's my new single!' "And everyone just went, 'Yeah, we guessed'." It went on to become a Top 10 hit, with promotional copies of the single describing it as "dance music's Bohemian Rhapsody". It was the early days of the internet, so I had to go round to my engineer's house to do the 'slowy down bit', because he had the software to make it work.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/clydzglm5e1o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Banks to tell you where you might put your money 3 hours ago Share Save Kevin Peachey Cost of living correspondent Share Save Getty Images People who might otherwise turn to friends, family, or social media influencers for financial advice are to be given new help to invest their money. While investing will not be right for everyone, we know people in the UK invest less compared to the EU or US." 'Advice gap' Investing money is not an option for millions of people.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c157ppe27jvo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: 'Trawl for World Cup fans' and 'women's champion' peerage 41 minutes ago Share Save Share Save Visitors to the US may have to disclose their social media activity from the past five years in order to enter the country, according to the Guardian. The paper reports that the Trump administration intends to apply the new mandates to the 42 countries whose nationals can enter the US without a visa - which includes the UK. Author Sophie Kinsella is also pictured on the front page, after she died on Wednesday following a three-year battle with a glioblastoma, the deadliest and most aggressive type of brain cancer. The i Paper reports that the UK could be set to rejoin the European Union's Erasmus programme from January 2027, detailing "increasing optimism on both sides of negotiations" that a deal could be struck by Christmas. "Net zero plan to cost households £500 a year," declares the Times, writing that the National Energy System Operator has found that the UK could save £14bn a year if it forgoes its legally binding target to reach net zero. Argentinean President Javier Milei has spoken to the Telegraph, which reports that negotiations have begun between the UK and the South American nation to lift a weapons ban that has been in place since the Falklands War in 1982. Sir Keir Starmer is accused of "handing our country over" to the EU on the front page of the Express, with the paper reporting that Chancellor Rachel Reeves has become the "latest cabinet minister to hint at joining an EU customs union".

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cn9813x0vzdo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: 2 hours ago Share Save Hayley Clarke Education reporter Share Save Great Schools Trust An AI deepfake avatar of Benjamin Barker, Director of AI at Great Schools Trust and principal of Kings Leadership Academy Wavertree Schools across the UK are trialling the use of deepfake teachers and even employing remote staff to deliver lessons hundreds of miles away from the classroom. Emily Cooke Maths teacher Emily Cooke says teaching is about more than just imparting knowledge Emily Cooke is a maths teacher at The Valley Leadership Academy in Lancashire, which has hired a virtual maths teacher - a decision Mrs Cooke is strongly against. Since September, top set pupils in Year 9, 10 and 11 at Mrs Cooke's school have been taught by the remote maths teacher, who is based 300 miles away in Devon. Mrs Cooke says: "As a parent, as a teacher, I don't think that teacher-student relationship, which is so important, can be formed or replicated over a screen." The school told the BBC that its approach is a "win-win", where "pupils benefit from lessons delivered by an outstanding specialist teacher online" who is supported in the classroom by a second teacher. 'It's like having a digital twin' Watch deepfake video of school teacher, used as part of a trial by the Great Schools Trust At a different academy, AI experiments are going further than most. "We know that what we're doing has got children and the right values at the heart." Nicola Burrows Nicola Burrows taught at the Great Schools Trust for many years, where her children also attended Nicola Burrows works for the trust, and has a daughter, Lucy, in Year 11. When asked for her thoughts on Lucy getting feedback from an AI deepfake of her teacher, she says it would be "really quite special having that very specific personalisation with a face you know". "I think it's fair to say that parents are deeply sceptical about AI," says Frank Young, chief policy officer of charity Parentkind, a national charity that aims to give parents a voice in education. "But I think we can get there if parents are provided with reassurance over how this AI will be used and how it will benefit the children," Mr Young says. There are no official figures on how many schools are using AI in the classroom with students, but Ofsted is gathering evidence about how AI is being used in schools and FE colleges. Data from survey tool Teacher Tapp, which asks thousands of teachers a series of questions each day, found that in October 2024, 31% of teachers said they'd used AI in the past week to help with their work. John Roberts, chief executive at Oak National Academy, which provides lesson planning resources for teachers funded by the DfE, says more than 40,000 teachers have used its experimental AI lesson planning tool since it launched in September last year.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cm2vz5y0664o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: 'I lost 3st and was sick 40 times a day during pregnancy' Just now Share Save Share Save BBC Excessive and severe nausea and vomiting is known as hyperemesis gravidarum and is thought to affect 1-3% of pregnancies About 80% of pregnant women experience morning sickness, according to the NHS, with some expectant mums having such extreme nausea that they struggle with daily life. Drawing the curtains to block out a warm summer's afternoon, I did everything I could to avoid being sick for the 10th time that day and wondered when I'd feel myself again. I've always wanted to be a mum, and my husband and I were over the moon about the positive test, but it wasn't quite the welcome to pregnancy we had in mind. Beth Parsons/BBC Beth Parsons experienced serious HG symptoms from week five to week 17 of her pregnancy It was all happening at a time when internally I felt so lucky to be starting a family, and was desperate not to come across as ungrateful. "At times I thought I was dying, it definitely felt like that, but I thought maybe I was being dramatic, until my mum said to me, 'I think I'm watching you die'." The 32-year-old went to hospital three times for anti-sickness injections and intravenous rehydration, but would deteriorate again as soon as she got home. "I didn't know how I was going to get through this and ultimately at 10 weeks we made the impossible decision to have a termination." Sarah said she was "still devastated" about the decision she felt that she had to make when she chose to end her pregnancy due to the severity of HG. It's something I will feel guilty about until the end of time." The NHS says about 80% of women experience morning sickness She has now received grief counselling and mental health support through the charity Pregnancy Sickness Support. She is now due to have a baby in 2026 and has thanked the consultant, saying "without him, I wouldn't be sat here, 31 weeks pregnant, with my little girl's brother". Millie Fitzsimons was off work for eight months and lost 3st in weight Millie Fitzsimons, 28, had HG symptoms throughout her pregnancy and experienced how different treatment options could be from one location to another. Horrific." Millie Fitzsimons Millie says she ended up in hospital about 16 times Millie said support was "really hard to get" and often medical staff would roll their eyes and not listen to her. "They just said it was a postcode lottery and it was really expensive." When she moved to York at the end of her pregnancy in April, she was able to access Xonvea. Ella Marcham says the condition gives a "life-ruining level of sickness" Ella Marcham from Yeadon in Leeds experienced the first symptoms of HG before she even knew she was pregnant. It made it really difficult for me to eat and drink properly, to parent my children, to just live my life normally… it's very difficult to describe." Ella Marcham Ella struggled to care for her two toddlers while pregnant with her twins She asked her GP and a hospital in Leeds for Xonvea, but was told they could not prescribe it. I just sort of went a bit inside myself because I just didn't have the energy to carry on asking and asking and asking for something." Ella briefly researched whether she could access the medication privately, but when online prices online started at £86.95 for less than one week's supply, she gave up. There is a wide variety of possible side effects for both mother and baby, but the charity says it's important to remember that if HG is not treated it may cause more harm to the baby than possible effects of a medicine, including steroids. If none of that's appropriate or it doesn't really work, then we move on to medicines." He says the first line medicine is cyclizine and Xonvea tends to be a second or third line medication. In reality, we can sometimes be a bit more cautious, but that cautiousness is a postcode lottery." The Department of Health & Social Care has been contacted for a comment.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cj69n59633no?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Farewell (again) to Neighbours, Australia's longest running soap opera 7 hours ago Share Save Simon Atkinson and Tiffanie Turnbull Share Save Getty Images Neighbours first hit Australian screens in 1985, and was revived again after a brief cancellation in 2022 It is a classic soap opera plotline. The BBC even did a live blog on the final episode – both because it was truly a momentous moment in popular culture and to satisfy editors who grew up religiously watching Scott, Charlene and Mrs Mangle at 5.35pm on BBC One every day. Jackie Woodburne has played Australian the iconic character of Susan Kennedy since 1994 But the final signature credits had barely played, before it was announced Neighbours was coming back, after being saved by Amazon MGM Studios. Earlier this year, without specifying a reason, Amazon confirmed the series would finish at the end of 2025 - 40 years and more than 9,000 episodes after its television debut. "I would see these kids come, full of hope and promise and talent, and to watch them develop their skills was just an absolute joy for me, and I know Fletch felt the same," said Woodburne, referring to Alan Fletcher, who played her onscreen husband Dr Karl Kennedy. Gemma Clement moved to Melbourne from the UK after being inspired by the vibe of the show The show often reflected for audiences formative parts of their lives too – first loves, first heartbreaks, births, deaths and marriages. While audience numbers have dwindled, true fans are mourning this like they did the death of Madge Bishop, Sonya Rebecchi or Bouncer the golden labrador retriever, who died in real life only a few months after filming his final scenes. "Times are tough for a lot of people and our show gave them half an hour a day of pure escapism and fun… And to hear them tell us how meaningful that was to them… how much they look forward to it every day was very humbling." Jason Herbison worries about what Neighbours' cancellation means for the state of the television industry

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cwywp3y35ryo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: UK pharma boss says US is the best country to invest in 2 hours ago Share Save Simon Jack , Business editor and Archie Mitchell Share Save Watch: GSK boss Dame Emma Walmsley lays out competitions facing the UK The US is the best place for a business to invest, the boss of one of the UK's biggest pharmaceutical companies has said. It comes as other major drug makers have pulled UK projects worth billions after years of frustration on NHS drug budgets and pressure from President Donald Trump to set up production in the US. However Dame Emma, who will leave GSK in January after eight years in charge, welcomed a new deal which will see the NHS pay more to help secure zero tariffs on shipping UK pharmaceuticals to America. Speaking to the BBC from the firm's central London headquarters, Dame Emma said she would not "shy away" from GSK's investment plans for the US, where it makes more than half of its turnover. Despite the challenges facing Britain's pharmaceuticals industry, Dame Emma said the deal to scrap tariffs on UK drug shipments to the US was "a step in the right direction" for Britain. The deal means the UK will pay more for medicines through the NHS - in return for a guarantee that US import taxes on pharmaceuticals made in the UK will remain at zero for three years. The move, she said, would encourage the kind of innovation that supports ground breaking new medicines like GSK's new asthma drug which can be taken twice a year and could slash hospital admissions by 70% for serious asthma sufferers. She said UK health outcomes varied widely depending on where you live "you can probably get a 10 or 15-year difference in lifespan prospects depending on which postcode you're in." Dame Emma pointed to British diets and a lack of education around nutrition as part of the problem. Dame Emma also opened up about the differences she has experienced between the NHS and the private healthcare system in the US, having given birth in London, Paris and twice in New York. "Anything from the advice you're given...the frequency with which you are expected to be visited, how long you are in hospital and what kind of follow-up advice." Dame Emma said what matters is the balance of price, access and outcomes, and that the NHS still has "work to do" on getting the balance right.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cq8d34en0yzo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Exiled Hong Kong activist target of sexually explicit harassment campaign 22 minutes ago Share Save Damian Grammaticas Political Correspondent Share Save Getty Images A high-profile Hong Kong pro-democracy activist living in the UK has been the target of a campaign of harassment involving letters containing fake, sexually explicit images of her sent from China to her neighbours. Carmen Lau, 30, who fled Hong Kong four years ago, told the BBC she was "shocked" as the letters, delivered to addresses in Maidenhead in Kent, included her name and images made to look like she was either naked or in underwear and offering sexual services. The first she knew about the letters was when the local MP, Liberal Democrat Joshua Reynolds, called her to say he had been alerted by some of his constituents who had received them. Ms Lau had sought sanctuary in the UK in 2021 after opposition politicians and pro-democracy activists in Hong Kong began being arrested following the imposition of a controversial new National Security Law. While in the UK she has frequently criticised China's Communist leadership and has spoken out about China's controversial plans to build a 'mega embassy' in London, warning that it could become a base for trans-national repression of China's critics abroad. Last year up to a dozen of the same neighbours in Kent had received letters sent from Hong Kong, and purporting to come from the police, offering a bounty payment of £95,000 to anyone who would take Ms Lau and hand her over to the Chinese embassy in London. "When I was in Hong Kong pro-Beijing agents were trained to use gender-based harassment targeting pro-democracy activists," she said, "but AI technology has enhanced this sort of intimidation, it is beyond just transnational repression, as a woman it is very worrying".

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cyvg6l5nypgo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Campaigners call puberty blocker trial unethical in legal letter to Wes Streeting 2 hours ago Share Save Alison Holt Social affairs editor Share Save BBC Keira Bell says she regrets taking puberty blocking drugs as a teenager Campaigner Keira Bell has told the BBC she believes the planned clinical trial of puberty blocking drugs for gender-questioning children is unethical and children "are essentially going to be harmed". The study will examine the physical and emotional effects of puberty blockers on about 220 children under the age of 16 attending NHS gender clinics in England, with strict criteria having to be met for any child taking part. The High Court ruled that under-16s were "unlikely to be able to give informed consent" to puberty blockers, but this was later overturned by the Court of Appeal, which ruled that doctors can judge whether young people can give consent to the treatment. "I didn't know that I was essentially trapping my own mind from developing, because puberty doesn't happen in a vacuum - it's your whole body, it's your brain sending signals to your body. "Some of the children who are going to be taking part in this trial are not even old enough to open a current account or open a Facebook profile," he said.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cj4q1lddj8go?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Trump launches $1m 'gold card' immigration visas 1 hour ago Share Save Osmond Chia Business reporter Share Save @realDonaldTrump/Truth Social President Donald Trump has launched a scheme offering fast-tracked US visas to wealthy foreigners who can pay at least $1m (£750,000). The Trump Gold Card, which was first announced earlier this year, is a US visa awarded to those who can demonstrate they will provide a "substantial benefit" to the country, according to the scheme's official website. The Gold Card scheme promises US residency in "record time" and will require a $1m fee which is "evidence that the individual will substantially benefit the United States", the programme's website said.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/football/articles/cly1ggjlp81o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: The Real ultras dressed all in white behind the goal had been chanting and clapping until that point, but when the Norwegian's spot-kick rippled the net in front of them they were silenced. There was, though, a period of unrest between minutes 65 and 71 when supporters whistled at the players in disappointment three times - the message was to say 'give us more'. Ex-Bayer Leverkusen boss Alonso took over before the Club World Cup in the summer and started this season by winning 13 of his first 14 games, but it started to go wrong after the loss at Liverpool on 4 November.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/football/articles/c8xd1d9y474o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: The 23-year-old scored two goals in Wednesday's 3-0 victory, including a stunning effort from 20 yards, with his all-action performance again showing he can be more than a rotation option for manager Mikel Arteta. "When you talk about individual quality and magic moments, that's it." Madueke has a tough task dislodging Arsenal's key player Bukayo Saka on the right wing, but against Club Brugge he offered a reminder of his talents as one of five players brought into the side after Saturday's defeat at Aston Villa. In the summer, his £48.5m signing from Chelsea was questioned by some supporters but the England international won them round with some impressive performances before picking up a knee injury in September that kept him out for about a month.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/football/articles/czdgrgj8ldjo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: "That's a team thing – the whole group realising the importance of defending our goal." Newcastle have now conceded nine goals in the final 10 minutes of games in all competitions this season.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/show/federal-reserve-cuts-interest-rates-amid-mixed-economic-data-and-divisions-in-its-ranks
Article: But, of course, as you noted, there was a compromise here between the Fed doves, who want to cut rates, and the Fed hawks, who are skeptical about cutting rates. Krishna Guha: Well, I think what we saw is the Fed trying to come back together after a period where the divisions have been very much front and center between those more hawkish and more dovish members and find a middle path that most of them could sign up to. And what I thought was really quite striking about the new outlook is, it looks like the Fed is starting to embrace some optimism about technology, productivity and the sustainable growth rate. Krishna Guha: So you're certainly right to say that it's not normal to have two dissenters on one side, wanting no cut, and one dissenter on the other side wanting a double-sized cut. But relative to where we were a few weeks ago, where it looked like the Fed Committee was splitting right down the middle, and you could have three, four, even five dissenters if Powell pushed through a rate cut, the committee looks just a little bit less divided in this moment than was feared. And I think the truth is that these differences of economic analysis have been amplified by the political pressure on the Fed and the perception among Fed officials that their independence is under pressure.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/show/trumps-affordability-speech-turns-into-a-rant-against-immigrants
Article: Amna Nawaz: So for anyone who missed this speech last night, the president's remarks, here is just a part of what President Trump had to say, including confirming what he'd said earlier about Haiti and African nations during a 2018 meeting that was later widely reported on. And he has delivered on his promises to the American people to secure the border and stop the drugs and flow of fentanyl coming across or coming into our communities and causing harm and chaos. And to a point that was just made a moment ago that I think is really frustrating is that, when he's attacking these Somalians specifically, these are citizens of this country, many of whom came here as refugees, and under that refugee status have now had families here who have gone through the process, who are living, contributing, working in their communities, and who the governors of the states that they reside in have spoken about, who business leaders, many of them are contributing members of society. Tiffany Smiley: Yes, it kind of reminds me a little bit of Joe Biden when he labeled Bidenomics, which I think was his downfall, because the American people knew that Bidenomics, it simply was not working for hardworking Americans. He inherited Democrats who were saying that inflation is transitory, transitory, while they doled out trillions in additional spending and greatly upscaled government, really leading us to a brink of economic failure and ruin in this country. And instead of utilizing the policies at bay to create an economy that works for the American people, he is creating an economy that works for the rich and powerful and leaving everybody else out. So when you talk about the decreases of people being able to afford things, we also have to look at the fact that over 600,000 Black women are now out of work and more and more people are out of work or underemployed every single day.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/show/what-the-end-of-a-biden-era-student-loan-program-means-for-borrowers
Article: What makes it different from the other existing income-driven payment plans, some dating back two decades, is that SAVE has a higher threshold for how much of your disposable income gets counted in the calculation for your monthly bill. It also has a faster path to debt cancellation, meaning that, if you borrowed less than $12,000 from the government and have been in repayment for 10 years, your remaining balance would be forgiven. So there were two lawsuits initially, and the one that was filed by or led by the state of Missouri and the six other states is the one that kind of had the biggest impact on the program, is that it effectively shut down the whole thing. And, essentially, the Biden administration had phased in SAVE, and one phase of it was shut down initially by the courts, but the rest of it was allowed to go forward. At the same time, there are still existing loan forgiveness programs that are in place, such as Public Service Loan Forgiveness that teachers, social workers, and police officers take advantage of. And it also, I think, suffered from kind of the ongoing angst against student loan forgiveness that the program that was struck down by the Supreme Court really, really, really centered on.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/show/reconnecting-with-people-in-the-u-s-to-see-how-political-divisions-are-affecting-them
Article: Now, she checks back in with some of them as part of her series, "America at a Crossroads." Notice: Transcripts are machine and human generated and lightly edited for accuracy. Judy Woodruff: For nearly three years, I have been traveling the country hearing from people from all walks of life about how our political divisions are affecting their communities, friendships, and families. And as we approach the end of this year, I wanted to reconnect with a handful of them to ask them what's changed, what still divides us, and what gives them hope. Judy Woodruff: This tension sits on top of pressures more and more people are already feeling, the increasing cost of living, housing shortages, and the erosion of shared spaces where people used to meet across political lines. And she said: "I never dreamed that I'd be in this situation." Judy Woodruff: Beyond the government shutdown, cuts to federal safety net programs like food assistance and housing support are also top of mind for Tulsa City Councillor Vanessa Hall-Harper. Judy Woodruff: We met Steve Rader at his ranch in the Panhandle of Texas shortly after the beloved local newspaper, The Canadian Record, folded, one of more than 3,500 newspapers to close in the past two decades. Judy Woodruff: That sense of community fraying was echoed by Holli Vallade of Michigan, who we first met in March while reporting on the lasting division left in the wake of the COVID pandemic. To have such a large group of people in our community be celebrating that, and then also demonizing any of us who had a normal, healthy, I think, human reaction to seeing such a horrible thing happen, it was shocking and heartbreaking. And it's going to take us getting out of our silos, getting out of our houses, away from our screens, and I think meeting other people face-to-face and learning to care for them as human beings. Sylvia Gonzalez Andersh: If we get through this, we can finally have liberty and justice for all in a country that is going to live up to our American dream, which we were all sold as immigrants.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/european-nations-set-discuss-tightening-migration-rules-128270830
Article: European leaders are set to call for stricter migration policies, a move critics say caters to far-right pressures and harms human rights BRUSSELS -- European leaders will call for a toughening of migration policies on Wednesday in a move critics say bends to pressure from far-right groups and harms basic human rights protections for vulnerable people. In Strasbourg, France, representatives from the Council of Europe — 46 countries from Iceland to Azerbaijan — are expected to debate making deporting migrants easier for signatories to key treaties. “The best way of fighting against the forces of hate and division is to show that mainstream, progressive politics can fix this problem.” Illegal border crossings into the EU were down 22% from January to October this year, according to Frontex, the EU’s border and coast guard agency. The EU has spent billions of euros (dollars) to deter irregular migration, paying countries in Africa and the Middle East to intercept migrants trying to cross the Mediterranean of the Atlantic. At the same time, European nations facing labor shortages and an aging population are in desperate need of more workers and have been investing in programs to attract and train foreign workers. The secretary-general of the Council of Europe, Alain Berset, said ahead of the Strasbourg meeting that the European Convention on Human Rights was “the final safeguard of individual rights and freedoms across our continent.” “The convention’s future and Europe’s direction are inseparable,” he said.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Business/wireStory/prison-officials-judge-abercrombie-fitch-ceo-competent-stand-128298376
Article: Federal prison officials say the former CEO of Abercrombie & Fitch is fit to stand trial on federal sex trafficking charges NEW YORK -- Federal prison officials say the former CEO of Abercrombie & Fitch is fit to stand trial on federal sex trafficking charges after he was hospitalized with Alzheimer’s disease, Lewy body dementia and a traumatic brain injury. But in a letter filed in federal court in New York on Wednesday, Blake Lott, the acting warden at the Federal Medical Center in Butner, North Carolina said the 81-year-old is “now competent to stand trial.” Lott didn’t provide further details in the letter but said the center has provided a report to the judge handling the case. “We look forward to the Judge hearing the medical evidence, and deciding on the appropriate course of action moving forward.” The letter comes as prosecutors and Jeffries’ lawyers are expected to confer by phone Thursday with U.S. They had said at least four medical professionals concluded that Jeffries’ cognitive issues were “progressive and incurable” and that he would not “regain his competency and cannot be restored to competency in the future.” Jeffries’ lawyers and prosecutors had requested that he be hospitalized in federal Bureau of Prisons custody so he could receive treatment that might allow his criminal case to proceed. Prosecutors say Jeffries, his romantic partner and a third man used the promise of modeling jobs to lure men to drug-fueled sex parties in New York City, the Hamptons and other locations.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Entertainment/wireStory/painting-introduced-star-wars-world-fetches-39m-auction-128300035
Article: The painting that introduced the movie “Star Wars” to the world nearly 50 years ago sold at auction for $3.875 million This image provided by Heritage Auctions shows artwork by Tom Jung created for the 1977 movie "Star Wars." (Heritage Auctions via AP) This image provided by Heritage Auctions shows artwork by Tom Jung created for the 1977 movie "Star Wars." (Heritage Auctions via AP) This image provided by Heritage Auctions shows artwork by Tom Jung created for the 1977 movie "Star Wars." (Heritage Auctions via AP) This image provided by Heritage Auctions shows artwork by Tom Jung created for the 1977 movie "Star Wars." (Heritage Auctions via AP) The painting that introduced "Star Wars” to the world nearly 50 years ago — and was reproduced in an iconic movie poster — sold at auction on Wednesday for $3.875 million. The acrylic and airbrush painting by the artist and movie poster designer Tom Jung first appeared in newspaper advertisements on May 13, 1977, a little less than two weeks before the space epic created by George Lucas opened. “For most of America, this was the first time they got a glimpse of the galaxy far, far away,” said Charles Epting, the director of pop culture and historical consignments at Heritage Auctions. “You can watch the evolution of this piece and how they were figuring out what was important to include, what are we going to represent, what’s going to draw people in,” Epting said.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/10/trump-aid-agricultural-equipment-farm-trade.html
Article: Republican lawmakers are appealing to President Donald Trump for more farm relief and aid for agricultural equipment manufacturers amid his tariff blitz, even as the president has made a $12 billion bailout for farmers hurt by his trade policies. based on what's happened with trade flows, what's happened with tariffs and what's happened with the escalating cost structure internally, as we've seen that market cycle down." Kip Eideberg, the head of government and industry relations at the Association of Equipment Manufacturers, said, "We remain concerned that persistent high tariffs, especially on critical parts and components that cannot be sourced domestically, will inadvertently harm our farmers and ranchers and drive up costs for all Americans." The dynamic has alarmed lawmakers, some of whom asked Trump to step in as he attempts to rescue farmers, a loyal voting bloc, from the financial fallout of his trade policies. Trade Representative and the Departments of Commerce and Agriculture, sharing that equipment manufacturers could use targeted relief from the tariffs and urging the administration to remove tariffs on specific farm machinery parts," the spokesperson said in a statement to CNBC. John Hoeven, R-N.D., said in an interview that the equipment issue came up at a Monday roundtable at the White House where Trump laid out his relief plan for farmers injured by his trade policies. Those regulations do not "do anything except it makes the equipment much more expensive and much more complicated to work, and it's not as good as the old days," Trump said. "We're gonna do it and we're gonna say 'you're gonna reduce the prices.' " But Republican lawmakers argue that the solution lies in getting farmers more income so they can purchase new equipment.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/11/cnbc-daily-open-investors-find-cheer-amid-feds-hawkish-cut.html
Article: "The last interest rate decision of 2025 has essentially paved the way for a Santa Claus rally to end the year, and the S&P 500 is poised to exceed the 7,000 milestone in the next few weeks," said José Torres, senior economist at Interactive Brokers.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/11/hell-be-next-donald-trump-threatens-colombian-president-gustavo-petro?traffic_source=rss
Article: United States President Donald Trump has renewed his threats against his Colombian counterpart, Gustavo Petro, warning that the South American leader could be the next target for his anti-drug campaign. He’s going to be next because we don’t like people when they kill people.” The remarks came shortly after Trump addressed a US military operation to seize an oil tanker in the Caribbean Sea, in an effort to punish Venezuela and Iran for alleged sanction violations. Advertisement The country not only contends with cocaine production within its borders but also a six-decade-long internal conflict, which pits government forces against left-wing rebels, right-wing paramilitaries and criminal networks. “Anybody that’s doing that and selling it into our country is subject to attack.” But Petro has defended his record, highlighting the campaigns his government has undertaken to destroy drug-producing facilities. I invite you, so you can participate in the destruction of the nine laboratories we dismantle every day.” In September, however, the Trump administration issued a notice that accused Colombia of having “failed demonstrably” to “adhere to [its] obligations under international counternarcotics agreements”. The family of one Colombian citizen, Alejandro Carranza, also filed a complaint this month with the Inter-American Commission on Human Rights (IACHR), claiming the fisherman was killed in a strike on September 15.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/11/russia-ukraine-war-list-of-key-events-day-1386?traffic_source=rss
Article: There were many details regarding the foreign policy situation surrounding Ukraine and the economic situation in Russia – specifically, the dependence of its companies and state system on… pic.twitter.com/xV5fvx6RvR — Volodymyr Zelenskyy / Володимир Зеленський (@ZelenskyyUa) December 10, 2025

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/11/us-plans-to-ask-visitors-to-share-5-years-of-social-media-history-to-enter?traffic_source=rss
Article: Visitors who are eligible to enter the United States without a visa may soon be required to provide the Department of Homeland Security with significantly more personal information, including details about their social media activity, email accounts and family background. According to a notice published on Wednesday in the Federal Register, US Customs and Border Protection (CBP) is proposing to collect up to five years of social media data from travellers from certain visa-waiver countries. The proposed requirement would apply to travellers using the Electronic System for Travel Authorization (ESTA) under the Visa Waiver Program, which allows citizens of 42 countries – including the United Kingdom, Germany, Qatar, Greece, Malta, New Zealand, Australia, Japan, Israel and South Korea – to travel to the US for tourism or business for up to 90 days. New rules also target metadata, email history The new notice also states that the CBP plans to request additional personal information from visitors, including telephone numbers used over the past five years and email addresses used over the last 10 years. These would include metadata from electronically submitted photographs, extensive personal details about applicants’ family members, such as their places of birth and telephone numbers used over the past five years, as well as biometric information, including fingerprints, DNA and iris data. But the CBP said it was complying with an executive order that US President Donald Trump signed in January that called for more screening of people coming to the US to prevent the entry of possible national security threats. Travellers from countries that are not part of the Visa Waiver Program system are already required to submit their social media information, a policy that dates back to the first Trump administration.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/11/us-congress-advances-bill-to-nix-caesar-act-sanctions-on-syria?traffic_source=rss
Article: The United States House of Representatives has voted forward a bill that would end the restrictive Caesar Act sanctions on Syria, originally imposed during the rule of former leader Bashar al-Assad. “With this NDAA, as many know, we are repealing sanctions on Syria that were placed there because of Bashar al-Assad and the torture of his people,” Representative Brian Mast of Florida said. The United Nations Security Council also voted to remove sanctions on al-Sharaa and Interior Minister Anas Khattab, who were previously on a list of individuals linked to ISIL (ISIS) and al-Qaeda.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/video/the-take-2/2025/12/10/aje-onl-aj_tt_usa_prmilitary_av-101225?traffic_source=rss
Article: The United States military is increasing its presence in Puerto Rico as the administration of US President Donald Trump prepares for a possible clash with Venezuela over alleged drug trafficking.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/news/us-news/scoop-newsletter-fed-hopes-third-cuts-charm-rcna248509
Article: “Our obligation is to make sure that a one time increase in the price level does not become an ongoing inflation problem.” Is the math adding up?: The economic data that these decisions are usually based on is a little fuzzy this time around, thanks to the six-week government shutdown earlier this fall. JPMorgan Chase executive Marianne Lake told NBC News yesterday, “The data looks good, consumers look resilient, small businesses are resilient, but there’s less capacity to weather an incremental stress.” This is the third time the Fed has cut rates this year, and the decision was not unanimous, which is pretty unusual for this generally unified board. While the president said last night in Pennsylvania that inflation is no longer a problem, the rate is at 2.8%, meaning things are still a little more expensive than they were a year ago — and above the Fed’s 2% target. The Personal Consumption Expenditures Price Index — another very cool, and obviously hip data set that the Fed uses as an inflation indicator — shows people’s spending has been relatively flat for the last few months. As part of this program, which applies to people from countries including the U.S., Japan, Australia and France, travelers would be asked to share email addresses from the last decade, telephone numbers, names and information of family members, and social media information. 🌍 During a rally in Pennsylvania on affordability, President Trump described Somalia as “filthy, dirty, disgusting, ridden with crime,” and asked why more people from Norway, Sweden and Denmark don’t migrate to the U.S.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/politics/elections/-love-underdog-trump-zohran-mamdani-voters-are-center-unexpected-relat-rcna248388
Article: I know it’s going to sound silly, but it actually is the opposite.” The Oval Office meeting between Mamdani and Trump last month turned heads, with some observers stunned at what a warm reception the right-wing Republican president gave to the democratic socialist mayor-to-be. NBC News exit polling from the November vote showed 9% of 2024 Trump voters who showed up at the polls backed Mamdani, a phenomenon highlighted by one voter’s “MAGA for Mamdani” T-shirt that went viral in the run-up to Election Day. “One in 10, and I’m OK with that.” Mamdani and his allies see their success winning over a segment of Trump voters as a sign of how other Democrats can win back parts of the electorate that spurned the party for Trump in 2024, including young men and immigrants who felt the party was unresponsive to their needs. But Republicans who spoke to NBC News said that while they were surprised by both the number of Trump-Mamdani voters and the congeniality of the president’s meeting with the mayor-elect, they did not feel as if Mamdani unlocked a road map to reconfigure the electorate. The affordability overlap In an interview with NBC News, Mamdani said he mentioned the exit polling stat to the president at their November meeting to explain how both men had made appeals to some of the same voters. Mamdani also highlighted a campaign video he shot right after Trump’s victory — and soon after launching his own bid — in which he spoke with voters in the Bronx and Queens about why they voted for the president. 23, there were far more people who learned of us after his victory because of the video that we shared, where I went to two of the neighborhoods that saw the largest swings towards him in the election,” Mamdani said. And when I asked them why, they came back to cost of living, cost of living, cost of living.” “And I told the president that one of my focuses had been, in the campaign was how to win these voters back, and chief among them was not just young men, but also Asian voters, immigrant voters,” Mamdani continued. And when I asked these voters what it would take to come back, they told me it was a focus on an economic agenda.” Mamdani said the lessons he took away from those exchanges served as a “through line in our entire campaign,” adding that he made the case to Trump that affordability “would continue to be my focus” in office. In front of the cameras, Trump ultimately praised Mamdani as “a very rational person” who “really wants to see New York be great again.” Reached after the meeting, a senior White House official said the discussion “couldn’t have gone better!” But as operatives and political leaders on the progressive left and the MAGA right seek to nationalize Mamdani’s image for the midterm elections and beyond, Republicans didn’t express worry that Trump was throwing a wrench in their plans. John Hoeven, R-N.D., told NBC News he was surprised the meeting last month between the two men was as “collegial” as it was, chalking it up to how much the president “cares about New York City.” As for Trump-Mamdani voters, Hoeven said he believed they were spurred by concerns over affordability.” “In the case of President Trump, his policies really will help with affordability,” Hoeven said. But they won’t.” ‘Just had a vibe that they will get along’ Cost of living was front of mind for Rodriguez, who said that although he cast a ballot for Sen. Bernie Sanders, I-Vt., in the 2020 Democratic presidential primary, he did not feel “represented or seen” by political leaders aside from Trump and Mamdani, both of whom rose to power as antiestablishment outsiders from Queens. Rodriguez also described Trump’s handling of the release of information surrounding the late convicted sex offender and financier Jeffrey Epstein to be “absurd.” “It’s a situation where I’m still hanging in there,” Rodriguez said of his support for Trump. … I’m still riding with him, because I’m giving him the chance.” Rodriguez acknowledged that “it takes time for the effects” of Trump’s agenda “to kick in,” but, he added, “it’s not really seeming like a lot is going on.” “I heard that he’s going to go around the country trying to explain to voters … what they’re doing,” he said, noting that the recent disruption of food stamps during the government shutdown hit him directly. I still think there’s a shot that a lot could be done.” On Mamdani, Rodriguez said he first caught wind of his candidacy when former classmates were engaging with the 34-year-old’s content on social media. And what really garnered his attention was seeing Mamdani earlier this year confront Trump’s border czar, Tom Homan, in Albany, which Rodriguez said showed “this guy’s got balls.” He wants to see Mamdani achieve his agenda on housing, child care and free bus service. Recalling the Oval Office meeting between the president and the mayor-elect, Rodriguez said he enjoyed when the two men discussed rate hikes by Consolidated Edison, the utility company in New York City. “From the Oval Office meeting alone, I saw the Queens in them both,” he said, adding, “I just had a vibe that they will get along.” Ron Barba, an actor and stock trader who went viral in the run-up to Election Day for sporting a “MAGA for Mamdani” T-shirt at campaign events, backed Mamdani after supporting Trump in 2020 and 2024. He described himself as a “reluctant” Trump voter last year who was worried the president was at least partially responsible for further dividing the country, though he said he “could not stand” then-Vice President Kamala Harris. And so then I said, ‘Well, now I have no one that I really want, so I’m just going to vote for Trump again.’ And immediately, about three months in, I was like, ‘Here we go again with the fighting.’” “So I was looking for someone new,” Barba said. … I love an underdog.” Both Barba and Rodriguez expressed a desire for the country to be more united — and they see a Mamdani partnership with Trump as something that could bridge divides. Where Trump and Mamdani go from here For his part, Mamdani has said that while he is open to working with Trump on cost-of-living issues, he said he expressed deep concerns about increased immigration enforcement in the city. And in an interview with NBC News’ “Meet the Press” following his meeting with Trump last month, Mamdani said he still believes the president is a “fascist” and a “despot.” A former White House official, granted anonymity to speak candidly about the meeting, said the two hit it off as well as they did “because they have no reason to beef right now.” “There’s no friction point, but there will be eventually,” this person said. I’m not holding my breath thinking they’re going to be bros for the coming years.” Social media users ran wild online when, one day after the two men met in the Oval Office, the president was seen on the White House grounds wearing an overcoat with a large red scarf, prompting comparisons with Mamdani’s style. “We kept our conversation to cost of living, by and large.” Still, Mamdani has felt a newfound warmth and “increased openness” from his onetime opponents “not simply since the meeting itself, but also since the election.” “For everyone’s different set of opinions on the competing visions for this city, New Yorkers also understand themselves as being New Yorkers and are therefore committed to the success of that city and I’ve been heartened by that,” he said. “And the inclusion is not just of a sense of self, but rather of the struggle that that person is facing.” For Rodriguez, he’s hopeful that Trump’s meeting with Mamdani might mark a new, less-heated chapter in politics.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/nightly-news/video/family-uses-external-review-to-overturn-insurance-denial-254186565663
Article: NBC News’ Vicky Nguyen reports on one family that used the system to get approval for the medicine that is helping cut down on their son’s seizures - the list price nearly $800,000 a year.Dec.

Link: https://www.latimes.com/environment/story/2025-12-10/southern-california-central-coast-mountain-lions-recommended-for-threatened-status
Article: The California Department of Fish and Wildlife has recommended granting threatened species status to roughly 1,400 mountain lions roaming the Central Coast and Southern California, pointing to grave threats posed by freeways, rat poison and fierce wildfires. It arrives about six years after the Center for Biological Diversity and Mountain Lion Foundation petitioned the commission to consider listing a half-dozen isolated lion populations that have suffered from being hit by cars, poisoned by rodenticides and trapped by development. Brendan Cummings, conservation director for Center for Biological Diversity, hailed the moment as “a good day, not just for mountain lions, but for Californians.” If the commissioners adopt the recommendation, as he believes they will, then the “final listing of the species removes any uncertainty about the state’s commitment to conserving and recovering these ecologically important, charismatic and well-loved species that are so much a part of California.” Advertisement The report recommends listing lions “in an area largely coinciding” with what the petitioners requested, which includes the Santa Ana, San Gabriel, San Bernardino, Santa Monica, Santa Cruz and Tehachapi mountains. It trims off small portions along the northern and eastern borders of what was proposed, including agricultural lands in the Bay Area and a southeastern portion of desert — areas where lions haven’t been documented, according to Cummings. But imperiled lions, Cummings said, need their habitats stitched together in the form of wildlife crossings — such as the gargantuan one being built over the 101 Freeway in Agoura Hills. Advertisement Bonham, the director of the state Department of Fish and Wildlife, spoke to concerns about public safety at the recent meeting, alluding to the tragic death of young man who was mauled by a cougar last year in Northern California. “These are really delicate issues and the conversation I know in the coming years is going to have to grapple with all that,” said Bonham, who will be stepping down this month after nearly 15 years in his role.

Link: https://www.latimes.com/california/story/2025-12-10/anaheim-high-track-athletes-hit-by-car-dui-investigation
Article: Eight students on the Anaheim High School track team have been transported to a hospital after a man plowed into the group while they were on a practice run, authorities said. The car veered off the road and hit the students while they were waiting for a light to change at the southwestern corner of Harbor Boulevard and North Street in Anaheim around 2:55 p.m. Advertisement Video of the incident captured by OnScene.TV showed multiple students lying on the ground and bleeding near where an orange sedan had driven up the sidewalk and smashed into a low brick wall.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/mlb/blue-jays-infielder-andres-gimenez-staying-ready-for-both-infield-positions-11190941
Article: Gimenez filled the role and helped lead the Blue Jays to the World Series, but it left a hole at second base when he slid over to the other side of the infield. But we’re going to stay in touch with him on a weekly basis.” Of course, the ideal solution for the Blue Jays would be to bring back Bo Bichette and have Gimenez play second base.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nba/ex-nba-star-questions-motive-rich-paul-lakers-comment-11189904
Article: “I don't think they have enough to get to the Western Conference Finals.” Considering Paul’s most notable client is LeBron James, the comment has been met with some pushback from fans and analysts. Former NBA Star DeMarcus Cousins Sounds Off “Obviously, with all the talent in the starting five for the Lakers, you would think otherwise, but it’s weird to hear Rich Paul say that with his biggest client being LeBron James,” Cousins said on FanDuel TV’s Run It Back show. I’m not sure what the strategy is for, but I’m just kind of being optimistic about his words, but it’s weird and I do think there are better teams in the West, so there is some truth to it.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/full-list-republicans-voting-against-trump-backed-ndaa-11190648
Article: The House on Wednesday approved a sweeping defense policy bill that authorizes $900 billion in Pentagon programs, including a pay raise for service members and changes to how the military buys weapons. But the more than 3,000-page measure also includes provisions that challenge the Defense Department, from requiring additional information on boat strikes in the Caribbean to expanding support for European allies like Ukraine. It also reflects a compromise between the parties: Republicans secured cuts to climate and diversity initiatives sought by Trump, while Democrats won expanded congressional oversight and a repeal of several outdated war authorizations. Full List of House Republicans Voting Against the NDAA: Andy Biggs Lauren Boebert Josh Brecheen Tim Burchett Eric Burlison Eli Crane Warren Davidson Byron Donalds Paul Gosar Marjorie Taylor Greene Morgan Griffith Andy Harris Anna Paulina Luna Thomas Massie John Rose Chip Roy Keith Self Greg Steube

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/blue-jays-unlikely-to-find-trade-partner-for-all-star-hurler-insider-11190755
Article: At the winter meetings on Monday, general manager Ross Atkins revealed that the 31-year-old's absence in the World Series was by his own choice, due to frustration with the team. Berríos' frustrations stemmed from being left off the starting rotation in the World Series, and now, with Toronto signing Dylan Cease and reportedly coming to terms on a contract with Cody Ponce this offseason, the team boasts a surplus of talented starting pitchers. "Yet even after agreeing with free-agent right-handers Dylan Cease and Cody Ponce, they continue to seek pitching help, both starters and relievers, with Suarez among their targets." In addition to being owed $66 million in the next three seasons, Berríos struggled this season, posting a 4.17 ERA with 138 strikeouts in 30 starts this season. Even if there is lingering frustration from the World Series, it would be surprising to see the Blue Jays part ways with the two-time All-Star if other teams aren't interested in a trade.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/ncaa/max-bullough-notre-dame-michigan-state-11191035
Article: As Notre Dame contemplates its relationship with the ACC after being left out of the College Football Playoff, head coach Marcus Freeman continues to be linked to openings in the NFL. “More time for Marcus Freeman to prepare for his interview with the Giants … and for the Giants to find that speculated $50 million in the couch cushions for the buyout.” ... "Former Michigan State linebacking great Max Bullough has accepted a job offer from Fitzgerald and will join the Spartan coaching staff immediately, SpartanMag has confirmed with two sources who have direct knowledge of the matter." Michigan State head coach fired Jonathan Smith following a 4-8 season. It took first-year defensive coordinator Chris Ash a couple of games to get his squad on the same page, helping to lead to the Irish's two early losses that ultimately left them out of the CFP.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/mlb/mets-reportedly-interested-in-22-million-veteran-reliever-11190512
Article: For a team like the Mets that has a lot of areas of need, signing Rogers at this price would help them spread the resources out over the entirety of the roster.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/trump-says-cnn-should-be-sold-11190939
Article: Why It Matters Trump's dislike for CNN stems from his belief that the network exhibits a strong bias against him and his supporters, as he has frequently labeled the outlet as "fake news." The president's comments at the White House on Wednesday raise fresh concerns about political pressure on a news organization that covers his administration while federal regulators weigh two competing bids for Warner Bros. Because the Justice Department and other agencies in his administration will decide whether any Netflix or Paramount transaction passes antitrust muster, Trump’s demands over the fate of a network that is frequently critical of his administration are likely to intensify questions over conflicts of interest and media independence. Discovery’s film studio and streaming operations in a deal worth nearly $83 billion, while Paramount Skydance responded with a $108.4 billion all-cash hostile offer to acquire the entire company, a move that could place CNN under the control of Paramount and the Ellison family. What To Know In remarks to reporters at the White House Wednesday, Trump said simply, “CNN should be sold,” reiterating a long-running feud with the network he has often branded “one of the worst in the business” and dismissed as having ratings “so low they’re not even counted or relevant anymore.” The president suggested it was “imperative” the network be part of whatever Warner Bros. Trump called CNN’s current leadership “either corrupt or incompetent,” saying he did not think they “should be allowed to continue” running the network because "CNN is [being run by] a very dishonest group of people.” Warner Bros. Netflix’s accepted offer would give it control of marquee assets including HBO and Warner’s film and streaming businesses, but would exclude CNN and other cable channels like TNT and TBS, which are expected to be spun off into a separate company before that deal closes. Paramount CEO David Ellison, whose father Larry Ellison is a billionaire Trump ally, has argued that his $30-per-share, all-cash proposal offers shareholders a cleaner path through regulators than Netflix’s mix of cash, stock and debt. Warner Bros.’ legal advisers told Paramount that the board viewed the absence of a full financial “backstop” from the Ellison family as a weakness in the bid, despite backing from large sovereign wealth funds. On top of Ellison’s role, Wall Street analysts have raised questions about the financing involvement of Trump’s son-in-law Jared Kushner and whether the president’s influence could tilt the outcome toward Paramount. Discovery and insisted that neither Netflix nor Paramount “are friends of mine.” The president has already voiced antitrust concerns about Netflix’s proposal, warning in recent days that the streaming giant’s market share and the size of a combined Netflix-Warner operation “could be a problem” and saying he expected to be involved in the government’s decision on whether to approve it. deal, he replied that he would “probably be involved maybe in the decision,” before arguing that the people running CNN are “a disgrace” who have “run CNN into the ground” and that “any deal should be guaranteed and certain that CNN is part of it, or sold separately.” He added that “very few people watch” CNN and that he would prefer not to see the same management “entrusted with running CNN any longer,” saying he did not think the current situation “should be allowed to continue.” At the same time, Trump said he could “be talked out of that by some very talented people that we have, antitrust people,” a nod to the Justice Department officials who will review any transaction. Critics have warned that the Paramount bid is backed by a network of Trump-aligned money, including Kushner’s investment firm and Middle Eastern sovereign wealth funds, raising fears of political favoritism and national security risks if the administration were to favor that deal. deal based on the law and facts, not who sucked up the most to Donald Trump.” A successful Paramount takeover would give the Ellisons sweeping influence over everything from HBO and DC Studios to CNN and cable sports networks, control that media-watchdog voices and industry insiders say could sharpen concerns about editorial independence in political coverage. I wouldn’t want to see the same company end up with CNN: the same company with money, because right now they don’t have too much money.” Warren responded to Trump's remarks on X: "Trump has been trying to muzzle CNN for years. This reeks of corruption in service of squashing free speech." What Happens Next Whichever bidder prevails, the outcome will reshape American entertainment and news, potentially under the shadow of a president who has vowed to play a role in the decision.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/how-to-watch-spurs-vs-lakers-live-stream-nba-cup-quarterfinals-tv-channel-11189722
Article: How to Watch Spurs vs Lakers When: Wednesday, December 10, 2025 Time: 10:00 PM ET try for free Live Stream: Prime Video ( Coming in, the Spurs are hoping to hang tough despite the absence of their star big man Victor Wembanyama, who remains sidelined, a huge loss given how he anchors both their defense and offense. Without him, San Antonio’s already thin front-court and secondary scoring take on extra importance; they’ll likely lean heavily on perimeter shooting and balanced contributions from guards and wings if they want to stay competitive. With a strong home record and a deeper, more stable roster, Los Angeles looks like the favorite, but if San Antonio’s guards shoot well and compete on energy, the Spurs still have a shot at making things interesting.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/betting/nba-cup-quarterfinal-preview-spurs-vs-lakers-betting-odds-best-bet-11191028
Article: Right now, here's what your free subscription entails: Weekly look at college basketball (every Tuesday evening) Weekly look at the NBA (every Wednesday evening) NFL weekend preview (every Friday morning) College Football ATS picks (every Saturday morning at 10 a.m. All I have to say about Suns-Thunder is that no, I do not expect OKC (23-1) -- which is not only 23-1, but has won 17 of its games by double-digits -- to lose, or be challenged from start to finish (and yes, I'm aware that Phoenix nearly upset OKC at Paycom Center in NBA Cup group play on November 28). That being said, I don't quite love them to cover 15.5 points, either, so I'd recommend either staying away or throwing a half-unit on the scrappy, 14-10 Suns 1H* at +9.5 (-114 at FD). Lakers (17-6) Betting Odds (via FD) Spread: SAS +7 (-106); LAL -7 (-114) ML: SAS +225; LAL -275 Total: 241.5 (over -106; under -114) San Antonio turned heads with an 8-2 start featuring several dominant performances by Victor Wembanyama.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/ncaa/arizona-state-kenny-dillingham-suffers-major-loss-before-sun-bowl-11190951
Article: Read More: Big Ten Program to Add Top College Football Playoff Coordinator: Report Preseason expectations were high, as Tyson was named a preseason All-American, appeared on the watch lists for the Biletnikoff, Maxwell, and Walter Camp awards, and was a preseason First Team All–Big 12 pick. In a marquee game against TCU Horned Frogs (September 26), Tyson hauled in eight catches for 126 yards and two touchdowns — including a 57-yard go-ahead score — pushing him past 2,000 career receiving yards. As a result of his production and 6-2, 200-lb profile, several draft analysts widely expect him to land in Round 1; some mocks slot him within the top 10 picks ... Read More: Lane Kiffin Adds Former Nick Saban Assistant to LSU Staff Dillingham took over as ASU head coach in 2023 and, in just three years, has engineered a rapid turnaround: from a 3-9 rebuilding season to an 11-3 finish and College Football Playoff berth in 2024, followed by a competitive 8-4 Big 12 campaign capped with a Sun Bowl bid.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/mlb-offseason-tracker-2025-2026-11189517
Article: This offseason is headlined by a class of free agents that includes Kyle Tucker, Framber Valdez, Kyle Schwarber (who agreed to a deal with the Philadelphia Phillies), Ranger Suárez, Bo Bichette, Alex Bregman, and Pete Alonso (who agreed to a deal with the Baltimore Orioles). 10 Braves agree to deal with Mike Yastremski The Atlanta Braves hit the free agent market and agreed to a two-year, $23 million deal with outfielder Mike Yastremski, according to FanSided's Robert Murray. Dodgers sign Edwin Diaz New York Mets closer Edwin Diaz ditched the Mets and signed a historic three-year, $69 million deal with the reigning World Series champion Los Angeles Dodgers. Red Sox trade Vaughn Grissom to the Angels Vaughn Grissom was acquired in the trade that sent Chris Sale to the Atlanta Braves, but this time, Grissom was traded from the Red Sox to the Los Angeles Angels in exchange for outfielder Isaiah Jackson. 6 Nationals trade Jose Ferrer to the Mariners for Harry Ford, Isaac Lyon The Mariners made a bit of a shocking move as they traded top catching prospect Harry Ford and minor leaguer Isaac Lyon to the Washington Nationals in exchange for pitcher Jose Ferrer. 3 Rays sign Cedric Mullins Veteran outfielder Cedric Mullins agreed to a one-year deal with the Tampa Bay Rays after spending the second half of the season with the Mets. Reds re-sign Emilio Pagan The Cincinnati Reds were able to re-sign closer Emilio Pagan after Pagan put together a solid campaign in the Queen City this year, per multiple reports. 18 Orioles acquire Taylor Ward from the Angels The Baltimore Orioles agreed to a shocking trade with the Los Angeles Angels that sent Grayson Rodriguez to Los Angeles in exchange for outfielder Taylor Ward. Trent Grisham accepts qualifying offer with the Yankees The Yankees were able to retain Trent Grisham on the $22.025 million qualifying offer as Cody Bellinger's fate hangs in the balance. Shota Imanaga accepts qualifying offer with the Cubs The Cubs were able to retain Shota Imanaga on the qualifying offer after he opted out of his contract with the team weeks prior.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/how-to-watch-united-states-vs-canada-live-stream-womens-hockey-rivalry-series-11189786
Article: How to Watch United States vs Canada When: Wednesday, December 10, 2025 Time: 9:00 PM ET TV Channel: NHL Network Live Stream: Fubo ( try for free Always one of the fiercest fixtures in women’s hockey, the U.S. Fubo carries a wide array of sports and entertainment channels, including local sports packages and top national channels like ABC, FOX, CBS, ESPN, FS1, MTV, Comedy Central, and much more.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nfl/philip-rivers-colts-return-gets-strong-reaction-from-nfl-hall-of-famer-11190928
Article: In addition, NFL great Steve Young recently sounded off about Rivers' return during ESPN's "Pardon the Interruption." “You’ve been preparing for pickleball or Pilates with your wife, like you have not been getting ready for the NFL and what’s going on. My biggest worry is that you blow the Achilles, you blow your knee out, or your shoulder gives out,” Young said, adding, “Less worrisome is that you look like a fool.” Read more: Bears HC Ben Johnson Gives Honest Assessment of Browns’ Shedeur Sanders ... You are not prepared," Young said regarding the 44-year-old Rivers on "PTI." “The best athletes in the world get hurt after preparing year-round, and now you’re gonna show up after being on the couch for four years. During his previous 16 seasons in the NFL, Rivers put himself amongst the game’s top QBs, achieving eight Pro Bowl selections and leading the league in passing yards, passer rating, and passing touchdowns in different seasons. If he’s able to come back after four or five years away and guide the Colts to an improbable playoff run, Young is undoubtedly correct that Rivers deserves heaps of praise for a fantastic achievement. Seattle is currently one of the top teams in the NFC and is listed near the top of the odds to win the Super Bowl in February, while Indianapolis appears in disarray following quarterback chaos.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/entertainment/video-games/what-new-games-will-be-revealed-at-the-game-awards-11190861
Article: The demonic pillar has sparked debate and rumors online for the past two weeks as we head into The Game Awards, with several leakers and experts throwing out their theories. Internet sleuths found European trademarks that resembled imagery on the statue, all of which link back to Larian Studios, the creators of "Baldur's Gate 3," which won Best Game at the award show in 2023. Deal Aside from Larian showing off their new game, fans are hoping to see reveals for the forever-rumored "Half-Life 3." Other titles that fans could be begging to be shown off are "Final Fantasy 7 Part 3," "Metroid Prime 5," and "Persona 6." For fans of the "Grand Theft Auto" franchise, desperately awaiting news on the delayed sixth iteration of the mainline game, don’t get your hopes up too high for Thursday.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nba/lakers-emerge-as-giannis-trade-destination-after-luka-doncic-news-resurfaces-11190691
Article: The greatest European one-two punch in basketball history might come to fruition as every day it seems more like it is writing on the wall that Antetokounmpo will be traded from the only franchise he’s ever known, the Milwaukee Bucks. NBA insider Jake Fischer broke the news today that back in 2020, before Giannis led the Bucks to their second-ever title a year later, the two-time Greek MVP was plotting a move to two teams. While neither trade materialized, and Antetokounmpo went on to have one of the best Game 7 performances ever in 2021 against the Phoenix Suns, the opportunity now arises again, with the Lakers a leading candidate to make a deal with the Bucks. More news: Giannis Antetokounmpo Trade Race Shifts After Major Knicks Development As the Bucks are looking towards the future, LeBron James (who also has a no-trade clause) is a no-go if the two European stars want to unite. Any deal between the Lakers and Bucks would have to include possibly the league’s best so far in 2025, Austin Reaves, who has transformed from sidekick to leading man, averaging 28.4 points and 6.7 assists for the season.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nba/steve-nash-makes-michael-jordan-comparison-to-285-million-nba-superstar-11190914
Article: Averaging 32.8 points, 6.4 assists, and 4.7 rebounds per game, while shooting 55.6% from the field, 44.3% from three, and 88.1% from the free-throw line, Gilgeous-Alexander is posting one of the most efficient high-volume scoring seasons in league history.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/entertainment/tv/nola-king-release-date-11174926
Article: The upcoming crime drama, announced by Paramount in a press release on July 17th, 2025, sees Jackson reprise his role as Russell Lee Washington Jr., who first made his appearance in “Tulsa King” Season 3, Episode 9. (Jackson) who, after befriending Dwight Manfredi (Stallone) during a ten-year stint in federal prison, is sent to Tulsa by New York's Renzetti crime family to take Dwight out once and for all.” ... “Inspired by what Dwight created in Tulsa and impressed with the possibilities of second chances,” the summary continues, “Washington returns to New Orleans, the home he abandoned forty years ago, to rekindle his relationship with his family and friends, and to take control of the city he left behind. In so doing, he incurs the wrath of his former employers in New York, and makes himself vulnerable to old NOLA foes, both criminal and cop.” What is ‘NOLA King’ About? “Chris McCarthy came to me with a game-changing idea: to elevate my show beyond a mob boss series, creating a dynamic, family-driven franchise,” said Sylvester Stallone in the press release. Sam Jackson is the only choice to anchor this new adventure in NOLA and David Glasser and 101 are the perfect partner to bring it to life." ‘NOLA King’ Release Date The official release date for “NOLA King” has not yet been announced. “Building on the breakout success of Sylvester Stallone’s TULSA KING, audiences will now experience the full force of Jackson's dynamic, layered performance, supercharging one of Paramount+'s flagship series,” said Chris McCarthy, Co-CEO of Paramount Global and President of SHOWTIME/MTV Entertainment. The number of episodes has not yet been announced by Paramount+, but it is expected to contain ten episodes like “Tulsa King.” Is ‘NOLA King’ a Spinoff of Tulsa King? Yes, “NOLA King” is a spinoff of “Tulsa King.” In the final episode of Tulsa King Season 3, “Jesus Lizard,” Lee tells Dwight to “holler” should they ever come to New Orleans.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/ncaa/alabamas-kalen-deboer-to-factor-in-michigan-head-coach-search-report-11190754
Article: More news: Michigan Makes Shocking Decision on Head Coach Sherrone Moore’s Future The firing came out of nowhere, with no reports or leaks coming from the school that this was happening. More news: Matt Campbell Sends Message on Penn State’s Recruiting Struggles While multiple coaches, even some prominent ones, have already changed jobs, either by being fired or hired, there are still quality options for Michigan, one of which could be the Crimson Tide's DeBoer. "He has consistently won as an FBS head coach, bringing Washington to a CFP title game berth and now having Alabama in the playoff in his second season in Tuscaloosa. He would have been a popular name at Michigan when Sherrone Moore was hired, but he accepted the Alabama job before the Wolverines were in the market." Alabama is in the College Football Playoffs and will face Oklahoma in Norman in the first round.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/ncaa/big-ten-program-to-add-top-college-football-playoff-coordinator-report-11190654
Article: 6, UCLA officially unveiled Bob Chesney as the new head coach of the Bruins football program, tapping the former James Maddison coach to lead what administrators are calling a "bold new chapter." Chesney, a proven winner across multiple levels of college football, now faces his biggest challenge: restoring UCLA football’s national relevance after an uninspired 3-9 2025 season. Yet what caught the Bruins’ eye was his recent success at JMU, where in 2025 he guided the Dukes to a 12-1 season, an undefeated 8-0 Sun Belt record, and a College Football Playoff berth — all while fielding an offense that ranked among the nation’s top 10. Read More: Lane Kiffin Adds Former Nick Saban Assistant to LSU Staff In his second season with JMU in 2025, Kennedy helped engineer an offense averaging 37.8 points per game, with 245.8 rushing yards per contest — among the national leaders.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/mlb/giants-interested-in-dodgers-world-series-champion-reliever-11190826
Article: "According to a source, the Giants have been in touch with Michael Kopech, who had multiple injuries with the Dodgers the past two years but had good results when healthy," Slusser wrote. More news: Yankees Interested in Trading For Rangers $325 Million Star in Blockbuster Deal He made 15 saves that season, six of which came after he moved to the Dodgers. The right-hander made 14 appearances in 2025 and had a solid 2.45 ERA, though he spent three separate stints on the injured list before electing free agency at the end of the regular season. More news: Phillies Manager Sends Message to Kyle Schwarber After $150 Million Deal The Giants began the 2025 season with Camilo Duval as their primary closer, though the reliever left for the New York Yankees at the trade deadline. Promising right-handed reliever Randy Rodriguez took over for Duval after he left, but the 26-year-old landed on the 60-day injured list with an elbow sprain at the beginning of September. Ryan Walker took over the closer job for the Giants at the end of the season, though his 4.11 ERA leaves a lot to be desired by the Giants, who play in potentially the most competitive division in MLB. More news: Blue Jays Manager Sends 5-Word Message on Dodgers’ Yoshinobu Yamamoto The Giants have already shown they're unlikely to pursue high-end free agents this offseason, and a player such as Kopech, who is looking to re-establish his value in the market, would be great for San Francisco on a one-year deal.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/syndication/associatedpress/the-painting-that-introduced-star-wars-to-the-world-fetches-39m-at-auction/616-89df49e6-64d3-421a-a726-974204a96eb1
Article: The painting that introduced "Star Wars” to the world nearly 50 years ago — and was reproduced in an iconic movie poster — sold at auction on Wednesday for $3.875 million. The acrylic and airbrush painting by the artist and movie poster designer Tom Jung first appeared in newspaper advertisements on May 13, 1977, a little less than two weeks before the space epic created by George Lucas opened. “For most of America, this was the first time they got a glimpse of the galaxy far, far away,” said Charles Epting, the director of pop culture and historical consignments at Heritage Auctions. “You can watch the evolution of this piece and how they were figuring out what was important to include, what are we going to represent, what’s going to draw people in,” Epting said.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/local/dallas-county/dallas-city-council-approves-zoning-request-opening-way-to-first-heb-store-in-city-limits/287-c811e933-37f1-474e-9b00-086d8fa818b1
Article: DALLAS — Dallas is one step closer to having an H-E-B of its own, as the Dallas City Council overwhelmingly approved a zoning request at its Wednesday night meeting, paving the way for the store to become a reality. "We are committed to serving Texans and look forward to bringing our first H-E-B store to the city of Dallas." Some residents have spoken out against the proposed store, saying that traffic is already a nightmare in the area. A new H-E-B store could also be coming to a 17.2-acre property at the corner of Parker Road and Josey Lane in Carrollton, according to Carrollton's Planning and Zoning Commission.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/nation-world/new-coins-americas-250-birthday-us-mint-pictures/507-07327abe-6c49-4eb6-835a-496adba9fa75
Article: “The designs on these historic coins depict the story of America’s journey toward a ‘more perfect union,’ and celebrate America’s defining ideals of liberty,” acting Mint Director Kristie McNally said in a statement. “We hope to offer each American the opportunity to hold our nation’s storied 250 years of history in the palms of their hands as we Connect America through Coins.” The coins were authorized under the Circulating Collectible Coin Redesign Act of 2020, signed by President Donald Trump in early 2021. US coins for America's 250th anniversary: See the coin designs and descriptions 2026 Nickel 2026 Dime The obverse, or the front of the coin, features Lady Liberty as "the winds of revolution waft through her hair." Her liberty cap has stars and stripes, a reference to early American coinage, according to the news release. The inscriptions are “UNITED STATES OF AMERICA,” “E PLURIBUS UNUM,” “ONE DIME,” and “LIBERTY OVER TYRANNY.” 2026 Half-Dollar coin The Half-Dollar coin design for 2026 shows a close-up of the Statue of Liberty, looking outward. The reverse design shows Liberty passing the torch to a new generation, with the words "E PLURIBUS UNUM, "HALF DOLLAR, and "KNOWLEDGE IS THE ONLY GUARDIAN OF TRUE LIBERTY" inscribed. 2026 Quarter: Mayflower Compact The obverse of the coin features two Pilgrims embracing as they "behold the New World." "The Pilgrims did not arrive at their intended destination; therefore, they did not hold a charter to establish a colony at Plymouth. Instead, the Mayflower Compact, signed on November 21, 1620, established the colony as a mutual enterprise, and its force of law depended on the consent of the colonists themselves to promote the common good. The inscriptions are “UNITED STATES OF AMERICA,”“LIBERTY,” “MAYFLOWER COMPACT” and “25¢.” 2026 Quarter: Revolutionary War The obverse design features George Washington, the first President of the United States and Commander-in-Chief of the Continental Army during the Revolutionary War. The inscriptions are “UNITEDSTATES OF AMERICA,” “LIBERTY,” “25¢,” and “REVOLUTIONARY WAR.” 2026 Quarter: Declaration of Independence The obverse design features Thomas Jefferson, author of the Declaration of Independence and third President of the United States. Constitution The obverse design features James Madison, the fourth President of the United States, popularly known as the “Father of the Constitution” for his role in drafting and promoting the foundational document. The inscriptions are “E PLURIBUS UNUM,” “IN GOD WE TRUST,” and “1776 ~ 2026.” The reverse design depicts Independence Hall in Philadelphia, where the Liberty Bell was housed andwhere both the Declaration and U.S. The inscription “WE THE PEOPLE” and the image of Independence Hall together highlight a founding principle laid out in the Constitution: specifically, that our government is grounded in the consent of the governed.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/local/parents-say-teen-stripped-shot-with-pellet-gun-marcus-high-school-hazing/287-e536f764-27d0-4c61-8d44-765c419a6bed
Article: FLOWER MOUND, Texas — Two Lewisville ISD parents say their son is still recovering from a traumatic hazing incident carried out by teammates on the Marcus High School football team: an attack caught on camera that the family says is difficult to watch but important to share. Amy says in the video, “You hear these boys just laughing as he’s screaming.” Doug says his son was “in fear of his life.” They say the hazing happened after a football team dinner, when their son, a junior offensive lineman, was stripped of his clothes by a group of seniors and shot repeatedly with a pellet gun. Doug says the trauma has lingered, describing his son waking up at night shouting, “Don’t shoot.” Lewisville ISD said it conducted an extensive investigation, including interviews with more than 90 students and staff and 13 families who came forward. In a statement, the district said it “did not find evidence of systemic hazing.” But it did find a history of hazing incidents among a small group of student athletes.

Link: https://abc13.com/post/doj-stops-monitoring-illegal-dumping-houston-data-shows-minority-community-impact/18273158/
Article: DOJ stops monitoring illegal dumping in Houston, data shows minority community impact HOUSTON, Texas (KTRK) -- The illegal dumping dilemma is continuing to impact black and Latino communities across the city of Houston, according to new data from our ABC13 Investigates team. It comes as the Trump administration continues to end DEI and environmental justice policies, now causing the Department of Justice to no longer monitor illegal dumping in Houston, following a 2022 investigation. A 13 Investigates analysis of 311 data shows 92% of illegal dumping calls are for problems in zip codes where the majority of residents are minorities, according to census data. In July 2022, ABC13's data team analyzed 13,566 illegal dumping complaints to 311 since 2020 and found 90% of them were in minority residents, defined as being areas where more than half the residents are not white, per Census data. "Well, now we don't have that anymore, so we've got to figure out how we fight this as a community without the DOJ, without that big gun at our back," said Huey German-Wilson, President of Trinity Gardens Super-neighborhoods.

Link: https://abc13.com/post/conroe-municipal-judge-arrested-dwi-already-back-bench-authorities-state/18273242/
Article: Conroe municipal judge arrested for DWI already back on the bench, city officials say CONROE, Texas (KTRK) -- A Conroe municipal judge is back on the bench as he awaits his own day in court after a DWI arrest, Conroe officials tell ABC13.

Link: https://abc7.com/post/disney-parks-magical-christmas-day-parade-captivates-memorable-performances/18273491/
Article: "Disney Parks Magical Christmas Day Parade" is back featuring performances and uplifting stories from across Walt Disney World Resort in Florida, Disneyland Resort in California, Disney Cruise Line, and Aulani, a Disney Resort & Spa in Ko'Olina, Hawai'i. "Dancing with the Stars" and "America's Funniest Home Videos" host Alfonso Ribeiro and "Zootopia 2" star Ginnifer Goodwin host the special and "Lilo and Stitch" star Maia Kealoha is the parade correspondent. Performances include: Coco Jones - "This Christmas" Lady A - "Winter Wonderland" Mariah the Scientist - "Please Come Home For Christmas" Bebe Rexha - "Last Christmas" Nicole Scherzinger - "Christmas (Baby Please Come Home)" Gwen Stefani - "White Christmas" Iam Tongi - "The Christmas Song" A new promo for the special is in the video player above. Viewers will also be able to catch sneak peeks of Disney and Pixar's "Hoppers" and the live action adaptation of "Moana." "Disney Parks Magical Christmas Day Parade" airs Christmas morning at 10am.

Link: https://abc7.com/videoClip/juniors-restaurants-jewish-deli-delicatessen/18273301/
Article: Junior's: A slice of Brooklyn history turns 75 DOWNTOWN BROOKLYN -- Junior's is a beloved restaurant and bakery in New York City known for its iconic cheesecakes, and this year marks the eatery's 75th anniversary. "We're just so appreciative of the fact that people still consider us iconic and part of the fabric of New York." Rosen says Junior's is known for having the best cheesecakes in the city, and that the family recipe has not changed in its 75-year history. "As my grandfather said, 'all you want, as you want it.' He referred that to a bottomless cup of coffee, which was quite a novel idea back in the 50s. But if you compound that, my dad used to beat into my mead, you know, used to always say to me, 'you're only as good as your last meal,'" Rosen said. "So all those tenets of our Brooklyn comfort food, with our real hospitality and friendliness, which we try and put forth every day, I think has really maintained the test of time here." Besides cheesecakes, Junior's offers a full menu of breakfast, lunch and dinner. "I think he'd be amazed that his legacy lives on today." As for what's next, Rosen says they will stay true to Junior's brand and continue serving its customers with the same passion and love that started the family business.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/11/despite-opposition-us-house-passes-record-901bn-defence-spending-bill?traffic_source=rss
Article: Lawmakers also forced the inclusion of several provisions cementing Washington’s commitment to Europe’s defence in the face of Russian aggression, including $400m in military assistance to Ukraine in each of the next two years to help repel Russia’s invasion. Bill puts pressure on Defense Secretary Hegseth over transparency of attacks The NDAA is one of a few major pieces of legislation to typically enjoy broad bipartisan support, having made it through Congress every year since its enactment in 1961. Advertisement This year’s process was rockier than usual, coming at a time of growing friction between the Republican-controlled Congress and the Trump administration over the management of the US military. Also tucked into the NDAA are several measures pushing back against the Department of Defense, notably a demand for more transparency on deadly attacks carried out by the US military on alleged drug smuggling vessels in the Caribbean Sea and eastern Pacific Ocean in recent months. Hanna said a “very noticeable” part of the bill threatens to take away 25 percent of US Defense Secretary Pete Hegseth’s travel funding unless he discloses more information on the US attacks on vessels in the Caribbean Sea and Pacific Ocean, including allowing lawmakers to review unedited video of the strikes and the orders given to carry out the attack. The top Democrat on the House Armed Services Committee, Adam Smith, said that while the bill does not do enough to rein in the Trump administration, it’s a “step in the right direction towards reasserting the authority of Congress”. “The biggest concern I have is that the Pentagon, being run by [Secretary Hegseth] and by President Trump, is simply not accountable to Congress or accountable to the law,” Smith said.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/11/ukraine-reports-large-russian-mechanised-assault-in-battle-for-pokrovsk?traffic_source=rss
Article: Ukrainian forces have reported an unusually large Russian mechanised attack inside the strategic eastern city of Pokrovsk, where Russia has reportedly massed a force of some 156,000 troops to take the beleaguered and now destroyed former logistics hub. The convoys attempted to break through from the south to the northern part of the city,” Ukraine’s 7th Rapid Response Corps said in a statement on Wednesday regarding an assault earlier in the day. A source in the 7th Rapid Response Corps told the Reuters news agency that Russia had deployed about 30 vehicles in convoy, making it the largest such attack yet inside the city. Russian troops have pushed into the city for months in small infantry groups, looking to capture the former logistics hub as a critical part of Moscow’s campaign to seize the entire industrial Donbas region of eastern Ukraine. Capturing Pokrovsk would be Russia’s biggest prize in Ukraine in nearly two years, and the city’s weakening defence amid Moscow’s onslaught has added to pressure on Kyiv, which is attempting to improve terms in a United States-backed proposal for a peace deal that is widely seen as favourable to Moscow. Ukraine’s top military commander, Oleksandr Syrskii, told journalists earlier this week that the situation around Pokrovsk remained difficult as Russia massed a force of some 156,000 around the beleaguered city. George Barros, Russia team lead at the Institute for the Study of War – a US-based think tank – said Moscow is “hyping” the importance of the fall of Pokrovsk “in order to portray Russia’s battlefield advances as inevitable”. “That sense of inevitability is being echoed by some members of President Donald Trump’s negotiating team trying to pull together a peace proposal for the Ukraine war,” Barros wrote in an opinion piece shared online. But Russia has paid a huge price in its push to take the city with “more than 1,000 armoured vehicles and over 500 tanks” lost in the Pokrovsk area alone since the beginning of Russia’s offensive operations in October 2023 to seize nearby Avdiivka, which fell to Russian forces in early 2024 in one of the bloodiest battles of the war so far. ⬇️ The Kremlin’s cognitive warfare effort aims to achieve several of Putin’s original war aims… pic.twitter.com/zXxCKrI06x — Institute for the Study of War (@TheStudyofWar) December 10, 2025 On Wednesday, President Trump said he had exchanged “pretty strong words” with the leaders of France, Britain and Germany on Ukraine, telling them their plan to hold new talks on a proposed US peace plan this weekend risked “wasting time”. “We discussed Ukraine in pretty strong words,” Trump told reporters when asked about the phone call with British Prime Minister Keir Starmer, French President Emmanuel Macron and German Chancellor Friedrich Merz. The initial US peace plan that involved Ukraine surrendering land that Russia has not captured was seen by Kyiv and its European allies as aligning too closely with many of Russia’s demands to end the war, and has since been revised. Trump has been pushing Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy to agree to the US plan while Ukrainian officials told the AFP news agency on Wednesday that Kyiv had sent an updated draft of the plan back to Washington.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/11/displaced-gaza-families-struggle-as-winter-storm-hits?traffic_source=rss
Article: Deir el-Balah, Gaza – After a night of relentless rain, Arafat al-Ghandour and his wife, Nour, finally exhaled in relief as the morning sun emerged, if only briefly, over the soaked displacement camp. Arafat, 39, shares the cramped space, no larger than eight square metres (86sq feet), with 15 family members, including his elderly parents, his sister and her family, and his brother’s wife and children. They all come to film our tents and our lives, and the media and everyone else see us crying out, but nothing changes,” Nour tells Al Jazeera angrily, pointing to the tattered sides of her tent. To face winter like this?” “Would anyone accept living like this?” The family fled Beit Lahiya in northern Gaza a year and a half ago and settled in Deir el-Balah after losing their home. “How can an unemployed man who has been struggling for two years, like me, buy a tent to shelter my children?” Deeply anxious about the storm expected to hit Gaza from Wednesday night until next Saturday, Arafat desperately hopes his plight will be heard and his family’s suffering seen, even just once. Advertisement “I was so sad to see my young grandchildren shivering from the cold last night and continuing into the morning in the rain.” “These children have suffered so much in the war.” “My heart breaks for them,” Basma said, tears welling in her eyes. The water reached halfway up our feet, and my children and I spent the night wading through it to get out.” To make matters worse, their makeshift cesspool overflowed with rainwater, flooding the entire area with sewage. Our lives are beyond words.” Pointing to a hole in the ground covered with scraps of wood and worn-out cloth, she added, “This filthy sandy hole has been our toilet for two years. Basma and her family, her husband, their six married sons, and their children, were displaced to Deir el-Balah after fleeing the Shujayea neighbourhood in eastern Gaza City, fleeing intense Israeli bombardment of their area.

Link: https://www.latimes.com/california/story/2025-12-10/car-drives-onto-runway-john-wayne-airport-orange-county
Article: 8 around 1:12 p.m., the guard assigned to a security checkpoint “drove a vehicle into an airport taxiway at a high rate of speed,” according to a statement from John Wayne Airport spokesperson AnnaSophia Servin.

Link: https://www.latimes.com/california/story/2025-12-10/uc-berkeley-pomona-college-settlement-antisemitism
Article: Pomona College students and students from the other Claremont Colleges rally to ask Pomona College to divest from financial ties to Israel and the war in Gaza on April 11, 2024. Two prominent California higher education institutions said Wednesday they have reached settlement agreements with Jewish groups or individuals who filed complaints about alleged antisemitism stemming from pro-Palestinian campus protests in 2023 and 2024. UC Berkeley said it agreed to pay an Israeli sociologist and dance researcher $60,000 for an incident in the fall of 2023 in which the instructor said she was not invited back to teach a course despite the success of the class. The university on Wednesday also issued an apology to Nativ and said she has been invited to teach the same class “in a semester of her choosing.” “I respect and appreciate Dr. Nativ back to Berkeley to teach again.” Advertisement Pomoma College settlement At Pomona College, the campus entered in a nonmonetary settlement over a federal complaint filed last year with the Education Department alleging civil rights law violations during its response to pro-Palestinian demonstrations. Some Jewish students said the protests created a “hostile environment” for them and accused college leaders of not fully responding to their complaints or enforcing campus free speech and nondiscrimination rules. California Judge blocks Trump administration push to fine UCLA $1.2 billion for alleged antisemitism A federal judge late Friday issued a preliminary injunction blocking the Trump administration from imposing a $1.2-billion fine on UCLA for alleged civil rights violations over antisemitism, its recognition of transgender people and use of race in admissions. The college said it will hire a Title VI civil rights coordinator, create a “task force, committee or advisory council” on Jewish life and antisemitism, mandate Title VI training, advocate for engagement with Israeli and Palestinian educational institutions, and make updates to protest, masking and ID policies. The college will update its webpages about nondiscrimination to say that the word Zionist “is often used as a codeword for ‘Jew,’ and depending on the factual circumstances, may be evidence of antisemitic intent.” Both settlements involved the Louis D. Now the backlash Cal State and UC have face campus protest and intense rebuke by faculty, students and staff for sharing employee personal information with the Trump administration as part of investigations into alleged antisemitism. Advertisement Pomona College President Gabi Starr said in a statement that it entered into the settlement “because the college takes seriously its obligation to evaluate complaints about discrimination and to see if there are additional steps we can take to strengthen a welcoming and supportive learning environment for our students and everyone at Pomona.” Starr said that at “every step in the discussions over these last several months, the college stressed that any agreement must protect free speech (including peaceful protest), academic freedom and open inquiry; and must help us protect all our students, including Jewish and Israeli students, from discrimination and harassment. In every way, the agreement reached does so.” In a statement, Brandeis Center Chairman Ken Marcus said that the “action steps outlined in this settlement will address the blatant and egregious antisemitism faced by Pomona’s students, therefore protecting students from facing similar treatment in the future, and we hope it encourages others to take legal action against those who violate our constitutional rights.” Marcus was the former head of the civil rights division at the Education Department during President Trump’s first term and also worked for the George W. Under federal scrutiny Berkeley and Pomona campuses have been under scrutiny by the Trump White House for their handling of pro-Palestinian protests, thought the campuses have dodged the magnitude of investigations, grant suspensions and legal actions that have faced high-profile Harvard and UCLA. The Trump administration in July suspended $584 million of UCLA’s medical, science and energy research grants after saying it found the campus to have violated Jewish students civil rights during last year’s pro-Palestinian protests.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/ncaa/chip-kelly-interviewed-for-job-with-major-college-football-program-11191161
Article: More News: Miami Linked to Elite 5-Star QB Amid Transfer Portal Rumors While most didn’t expect Kelly to land another NFL job after getting fired midseason, he may not be too far off from landing back in the college ranks. More News: Marcus Freeman-NFL Rumors Take Major Turn After Notre Dame’s CFP Snub “Sources tell On3 that former UCLA head coach, Ohio State and Las Vegas Raiders offensive coordinator Chip Kelly has emerged as a name of note,” Nakos wrote. Jackets Online reported Wednesday that Kelly was at Georgia Tech’s bowl practice prep, checking things out.” The Yellow Jackets are looking for a new offensive coordinator following the departure of Buster Faulkner, who recently left to join Jon Sumrall’s staff as offensive coordinator with the Florida Gators. Under Kelly’s guidance, Ohio State ranked in the top 30 in scoring offense (35.7 points per game, 12th), passing offense (263 per game, 29th), and total offense (429.4 yards per game, 30th).

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/trump-issues-new-warning-to-indiana-republican-on-redistricting-11191112
Article: President Donald Trump has escalated his pressure campaign against Indiana State Senate Pro Tem Rodric Bray, accusing the Republican of blocking a redistricting plan Trump says could help deliver the GOP two additional U.S. Trump’s latest broadside, posted to Truth Social, comes just a few weeks after he previously attacked Bray as “weak and pathetic,” a continuation of the president’s intensifying feud with Indiana GOP leaders over congressional map-drawing. What To Know In a post to Truth Social on Wednesday, Trump said that he has won Indiana by "MASSIVE Majorities" and suggests that the state now has a chance to “make a difference” in determining the GOP’s margin in the House. “Every other State has done Redistricting,” Trump wrote, claiming Indiana is the lone outlier because Bray “enjoys being the only person… who is against Republicans picking up extra seats.” The president accused Bray of urging “soon to be very vulnerable friends” to oppose new maps and said doing so “puts the Majority in the House… at risk.” He alleged Bray and allies are “partner[ing] with the Radical Left Democrats,” calling them “Republican ‘SUCKERS’” and “the favorite Republicans of Hakeem Jeffries, Crazy Nancy Pelosi, and Cryin’ Chuck Schumer.” Trump warned that “anybody… who votes against Redistricting… will be, I am sure, met with a MAGA Primary,” adding he would “do everything within my power to make sure that they will not hurt the Republican Party, and our Country, again.” He also invoked former Indiana Governor Mitch Daniels, a Republican, and GOP strategist Cam Savage, accusing them of “fighting against the Republican Party, all the way.” What People Are Saying Bray, in a statement last month: "Over the last several months, Senate Republicans have given very serious and thoughtful consideration to the concept of redrawing our state's congressional maps. Today, I'm announcing there are not enough votes to move that idea forward, and the Senate will not reconvene in December." Indiana State Senator Blake Doriot, in a November statement: "I want President Trump to continue to be successful with a Republican-led House so he can continue fixing our woke colleges, fighting illegal immigration and crime, and encouraging us to speak about our great nation and be proud of who we are as Americans – not apologize for it." What Happens Next Indiana lawmakers are expected to continue internal discussions about whether to reopen redistricting, a move that would be politically contentious within the state GOP.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/aja-wilson-takes-subtle-shot-at-caitlin-clark-after-earning-major-honor-11190516
Article: Las Vegas Aces superstar A'ja Wilson is one of the most accomplished athletes on the planet, and she wants everyone to know that no one can take the shine off her accomplishments, not even Indiana Fever star Caitlin Clark. During an interview for the award with TIME’s Sean Gregory, she was asked about all the noise about Clark, a rising star in her own right in the women’s game, not being selected to the United States women’s national team for the most recent Olympics in Paris. Because we have tons of women that have been through the grimiest of grimy things to get the league where it is today.” Clark missed the second half of the 2025 WNBA season due to multiple injuries, primarily a right groin strain that hampered the former Iowa star. Wilson continued to talk about how the WNBA's success today isn’t because of Clark or any one woman, as she gave credit to the trailblazers before her who helped the league survive when times were at their lowest.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nfl/nfl-weighing-massive-overhaul-to-officiating-crews-report-11190331
Article: NFL executive vice president of football operations Troy Vincent informed all 32 teams on Wednesday that the collective bargaining agreement between the NFL and the NFL Referees Association will end in May of 2025. Here’s What Shane Steichen Said The last time the two sides couldn’t come to an agreement resulted in the 2012 debacle with replacement referees, where multiple late-game decisions were bungled due to the inexperience of the substitutes. While there is no indication yet that the two sides are as far apart in negotiations as they were over a decade ago, the end of the CBA means there could be changes to how officiating works in the NFL.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nfl/chiefs-jeremiyah-love-heisman-finalist-notre-dame-draft-isiah-pacheco-11190989
Article: "The Heisman Trophy finalist is also a legitimate threat in the passing game, with 10.4 yards per catch and three receiving touchdowns this season." Read More: Travis Kelce Gets Brutally Honest on Chiefs’ Playoff Chances After Texans Loss

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/mlb/former-phillies-rockies-all-star-outfielder-retires-11190984
Article: He last appeared in the majors with the Philadelphia Phillies last year, and after electing free agency at the end of the year, he never wound up signing with a new club for this past season. "From being a kid in Alabama chasing a lifelong dream to stepping foot on a big-league field…after 13 seasons and several months to reflect on it, it’s officially time for the next chapter. Thank you, baseball." Dahl soldiered through a ruptured spleen in 2015, a rib stress fracture in 2017, a fractured foot in 2018, and a lingering shoulder issue in 2020 that derailed his season. He was nontendered by the Rockies after that year, and wound up having brief stints in the Texas Rangers, Milwaukee Brewers, Washington Nationals, Los Angeles Dodgers, San Diego Padres, and Phillies organizations. Playing at Coors Field all of those years meant that his offensive numbers looked a bit inflated compared to his wins above replacement (just 1.0 in his career), but Dahl still undoubtedly had some high points, and he made a playoff appearance as well as a member of the 2018 Rockies.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/mlb/tigers-rule-5-rj-petit-rockies-11190923
Article: Presumably, the Tigers hoped they could slip him through the Rule 5 Draft — which allows teams to take unprotected players who meet certain conditions from other minor league systems — without losing Petit. With a fastball clocked up to 98 mph, he posted a 2.44 ERA this season in 66 1/3 innings between the Triple-A Toledo Mud Hens and Double-A Erie SeaWolves, with 79 strikeouts against 22 walks. More MLB: Mets First-Round Pick Lefty Signs $12 Million Contract With AL Central Club "Petit’s 83-85 mph gyro slider is much better at generating swing-and-miss and chase low in the zone with strong depth, and the Rockies think it's the kind of breaking ball that should play in Coors Field," according to an MLB Pipeline scouting report.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/nation-world/winning-powerball-numbers-wednesday-dec-10-2025/507-51123f1a-d016-4df9-817c-09f8a1f7f286
Article: The Powerball jackpot is back near a billion dollars, with more than $930 million up for grabs after nobody matched all five white balls and the Powerball number on Monday. This year has produced three major Powerball wins: the $1.8 billion September prize, a $526.5 million jackpot claimed in California in March and a $328.5 million prize won in Oregon in January.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/local/dallas-county/city-dallas-has-no-record-inspection-for-family-homeless-shelter-cost-millions-repair/287-76113d42-ebe1-490e-a9eb-fa7306e02649
Article: DALLAS — The city of Dallas has no record of ever conducting a property condition assessment -- an inspection -- on a former hotel turned homeless shelter that it has spent more than $4 million renovating and repairing since purchasing, records show. The former Candlewood Suites off Preston Road near the President George Bush Turnpike has been home to the Family Gateway nonprofit since 2021 -- even as delayed storm repairs and an ongoing replacement of exterior facades have meant the organization and the families it serves have had fewer than six months without construction crews on site. "I can’t wait for it to be fixed so we can just have our lives back and our families can be settled," said Family Gateway President and CEO Ellen Magnis. Dallas purchased the building in December 2020 for $6.6 million using federal funds -- and then spent $1.2 million on renovations that cost more than double the amount initially budgeted and took longer than expected, records show. In October 2024, the city determined there was an issue with the "exterior insulation and finish system" and City Council has, to date, approved a total of more than $2.3 million in additional funds for a full replacement of the exterior of the building. Magnis' Family Gateway has remained operational throughout the damage and construction, but she spends thousands of the nonprofit's own dollars a week buying hotel rooms for needy families as city contractors continue to repair the facility sections at a time.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/politics/keller-isd-trustee-charles-randklev-resigns-run-city-council/287-b0b53426-eec4-412d-9b66-a2cfb20614fe
Article: He says his campaign will center on themes of “families, fiscal responsibility, common-sense leadership, and the values that make our community strong." “This isn't stepping away; it's stepping forward, where together we can make a greater impact,” Randklev said, describing himself as a proven and principled leader.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/nation-world/jennifer-lawrence-josh-hutcherson-returning-hunger-games-prequel/507-e336b361-7393-481d-9584-1127abb64b01
Article: The actors last appeared in the franchise in 2015's "The Hunger Games: Mockingjay — Part 2." LOS ANGELES — Jennifer Lawrence and Josh Hutcherson will reprise their roles as Katniss Everdeen and Peeta Mellark in "The Hunger Games: Sunrise on the Reaping," Lionsgate confirmed Wednesday. The actors last appeared in the franchise in 2015's "The Hunger Games: Mockingjay — Part 2." The pair will likely appear in a flash-forward in the prequel film, which hits theaters Nov. "Sunrise on the Reaping" takes place on the morning of the reaping for the 50th Hunger Games, 24 years before the events in "The Hunger Games." The film centers on a young Haymitch Abernathy, who later becomes mentor to Katniss and Peeta. Ralph Fiennes is cast as President Snow, previously played by Donald Sutherland in the original trilogy and Tom Blyth in the prequel "The Ballad of Songbirds & Snakes"; Jesse Plemons plays Plutarch Heavensbee, previously played by Phillip Seymour Hoffman; Elle Fanning is Effie Trinket, played in the original trilogy by Elizabeth Banks; and Kieran Culkin is television host Caesar Flickerman, previously played by Stanley Tucci.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/syndication/associatedpress/san-francisco-woman-gives-birth-in-a-waymo-self-driving-taxi/616-2334182b-29f2-4fb0-b5af-46b8d4bc19ae
Article: SAN FRANCISCO(AP) — Self-driving Waymo taxis have gone viral for negative reasons involving the death of a beloved San Francisco bodega cat and pulling an illegal U-turn in front of police who were unable to issue a ticket to a nonexistent driver. The mother was on her way to the University of California, San Francisco medical center Monday when she delivered inside the robotaxi, said a Waymo spokesperson in a statement Wednesday.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/ncaa/jaxson-dart-has-strong-reaction-to-lane-kiffin-leaving-ole-miss-before-cfp-11191194
Article: The 22-year-old signal-caller has thrown for 1,556 yards, 11 touchdowns, and three interceptions with a 94.1 passer rating, and he’s rushed for 337 yards and seven more touchdowns on the ground. More News: Miami Linked to Elite 5-Star QB Amid Transfer Portal Rumors As Dart is winding down his first season as a pro, he’s also not oblivious to the turmoil his alma mater just went through with Kiffin’s departure for LSU and the subsequent promotion of defensive coordinator Pete Golding to permanent head coach. Me and him just have such a great relationship, so I know for him, he’s going to put his best foot down and do some really great things for that program. Really excited to see their run to a national championship this year.” More News: Lane Kiffin’s $91 Million LSU Contract Has 1 Wild Clause in It From 2022 to 2024, Dart threw for 10,617 yards, 72 touchdowns and 22 interceptions while completing 65.7% of his passes.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/trump-appointed-judge-hit-with-complaint-for-attending-presidents-rally-11191162
Article: A reporter from MSNBC spotted Bove at the gathering and the judge, when questioned about his attendance, said he was “just here as a citizen coming to watch the president speak.” But advocacy group Fix the Courts, a nonpartisan organization aiming for greater openness and accountability in the federal courts, said Bove’s attendance violated rules that prohibit judges from “the appearance of impropriety” and engaging in “political activity.” The group’s executive director, Gabe Roth, said in a letter accompanying the complaint, which was filed with the Judicial Council of the Third Circuit, that while there is no prohibition on judges attending an event in which a president speaks, such as a State of the Union address or state dinner, the Pennsylvania rally was “a far cry” from that. “It should have been obvious to Judge Bove, either at the start of the rally or fairly close to it, that this was a highly charged, highly political event that no federal judge should have been within shouting distance of,” Roth said. Canon 2 states that a judge ‘should avoid impropriety and the appearance of impropriety in all activities.’ Attending a Trump event - and not leaving when it became clear that the speech was, in fact, a partisan rally - violates this canon. Last night’s event in Pennsylvania was barely distinguishable (i.e., only temporally) from a Trump rally in 2020 or 2024, both of which were obvious political activities.” What Happens Next The complaint does not trigger a full investigation.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/list-of-school-closings-for-thursday-as-winter-snowstorms-hit-11190990
Article: The storms are active and regions around the Great Lakes have seen a decent amount of storm activity, Scott Kleebauer, National Weather Service (NWS) meteorologist for the agency's Weather Prediction Center, told Newsweek on Wednesday. Virginia Grayson County Public Schools Michigan Our Lady of Sorrows, Archdiocese of Detroit Pontiac School District Anchor Bay School District Richmond Community Schools Memphis Community Schools and Adventures Daycare Walton Charter Academy, National Heritage Academies Bad Axe Public Schools Caseville Schools Cass City Schools (Daycare open) Elkton Pigeon Bay Port Laker Schools Harbor Beach Community Schools North Huron Schools (Early Learning Center closed) Owendale-Gagetown Schools Ubly Community Schools Unionville-Sebewaing Area Schools Huron Technical Center Akron-Fairgrove Schools Caro Schools Kingston Schools (Daycare closed) Mayville Community Schools Millington Public Schools Reese Public Schools Tuscola Technology Center Vassar Schools Verona Mills School ... Use extreme caution if you must be on the roads tonight or Thursday morning!" Additional localized closings and delays may be reported by school districts or through media partners as the storms evolve.

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/12/11/nx-s1-5639965/high-school-students-learn-trade-skills-building-affordable-housing-in-colorado
Article: High school students learn trade skills building affordable housing in Colorado toggle caption Sam Fuqua Inside a 32,000 square foot modular home factory filled with the sounds of construction, high school student June Baker and her teacher Darrin Rassmusen huddled over blueprints trying to figure out what went wrong with a drywall installation. "But I've learned from my mistake and they realized from that mistake that they need to start labelling each wall with numbers." The factory sits on land owned by the Boulder Valley School District.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/11/nvidia-supplier-sk-hynix-eyes-us-listing-as-it-expands-on-the-ai-boom-adr.html
Article: listing would give American investors direct access to SK Hynix shares, which have surged nearly 230% so far this year in trading in Seoul on the back of strong AI demand. The Korea Exchange on Tuesday asked SK Hynix to address a Korea Economic Daily report that the company had received proposals to list about 2.4% of its shares as American depositary receipts (ADRs) backed by treasury stock. South Korea is considering building a 4.5 trillion won ($3.06 billion) foundry, funded by state and private capital to nurture local chipmakers amid growing demand for AI chips, according to a Reuters report on Wednesday. The report added that South Korean President Lee Jae Myung met with executives from chipmakers, including Samsung Electronics and SK Hynix, on the same day to discuss plans to maintain the country's lead in memory chips and support its local chip manufacturing.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/11/a-gesture-of-love-italys-cuisine-joins-unescos-cultural-heritage-list?traffic_source=rss
Article: Italian cuisine, long cherished for its deep regional traditions, has been officially recognised by UNESCO as an “intangible cultural heritage” – a designation the country hopes will elevate its global prestige and draw more visitors. “We are the first in the world to receive this recognition, which honours who we are and our identity,” Italy’s Prime Minister Giorgia Meloni said in a statement on Instagram on Wednesday. The vote by a cultural panel of UNESCO – the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization – meeting in New Delhi capped a process Italy launched in 2023, with the government portraying the country’s culinary tradition as a social ritual that binds families and communities. Instead, the citation focused on how much Italians value the everyday rituals around food: the big Sunday lunch, the tradition of nonnas teaching kids how to fold tortellini just right, and simply sitting down together to enjoy a meal. Advertisement “Cooking is a gesture of love; it’s how we share who we are and how we look after each other,” said Pier Luigi Petrillo, part of Italy’s UNESCO campaign and a professor at Rome’s La Sapienza University. The UNESCO listing could deliver further economic benefits to a country already renowned for its cooking and where the agri-food supply chain accounts for about 15 percent of the national gross domestic product (GDP). It could also bring some relief to traditional family-run restaurants, long the backbone of Italian dining, which are facing a harsh economic climate in a market increasingly polarised between premium and budget options. Other food traditions have been added in recent years, too, including the cider culture of Spain’s Asturian region, Senegal’s Ceebu Jen dish, and the traditional cheese-making of Minas Gerais in Brazil.

Link: https://www.morningbrew.com/stories/2025/12/11/elon-musk-reportedly-eyes-usd1-trillion-spacex-ipo?utm_source=&utm_medium=syndication&utm_campaign=feed
Article: But if SpaceX secures $30 billion, it would mark the largest IPO in history, eclipsing the $29 billion raised by Saudi Aramco in its 2019 listing, while pushing Musk’s net worth to nearly $1 trillion. The era of centicorns Other private companies valued at $100 billion or more, like OpenAI and Anthropic, will be watching the response to SpaceX’s potential IPO closely: OpenAI—the only private startup with a higher reported valuation than SpaceX—and Anthropic have already set IPO plans in motion, possibly for next year. Zoom out: If there’s appetite for SpaceX stock, that could make the $2.9 trillion in private companies more inclined to go public following several slow years for the IPO market, according to Bloomberg.—DL

Link: https://www.morningbrew.com/stories/2025/12/11/divided-fed-third-rate-cut-2025?utm_source=&utm_medium=syndication&utm_campaign=feed
Article: Caught in an internal tug-of-war over the risks of higher inflation and lower employment, the US central bank voted yesterday to reduce interest rates for the third straight time this year, lowering them by a quarter point to bring the range down to between 3.5% and 3.75%. This suggests that the Fed may hold borrowing costs steady unless the labor market weakens further, which wouldn’t be clear until economic data resumes its regularly scheduled programming following months of disruption from the government shutdown. Fed in disarray: For the first time since 2019, one quarter of the rate-setting committee voted against yesterday’s cut—two members wanted to keep rates unchanged, while newbie Stephen Miran once again called for a bigger reduction. It’s quite the pickle when neither area is in great shape: Annual inflation sat at 2.8% in September, below Wall Street’s expectations but well above the Fed’s 2% goal, according to the most recently available reading of the Fed’s preferred gauge.

Link: https://abc7.com/post/foundations-boo-yah-gala-celebration-espn-sportscaster-stuart-scott-raises-record-breaking-31-million/18273981/
Article: NEW YORK CITY -- The V Foundation for Cancer Research raised a record-breaking $3.1 million in New York Wednesday night at its 10th annual "Boo-Yah" gala, a celebration of former ESPN anchor Stuart Scott. "But to do it with that level of class and that level of grace and to be an inspiration for so many other folks, I mean, there are many, many cancer survivors today because of being inspired by the way that Stuart fought cancer." The V Foundation for Cancer Research, founded in part by ESPN, draws from that same inspiration, holding its annual auction gala in Manhattan. "And all of our employees take so much pride in the V Foundation in general, in terms of our ability to contribute, pay it forward, pay back." Ten years after his death, Stuart Scott's courage and his wit continue to drive this event as it adds to the growing total of more than $400 million the V Foundation has raised for cancer research. "I'm able to be myself on national television because Stuart Scott broke all the barriers and took care of that for not just me, but for other people of color to sit on television, the radio and be themselves," Moss said.

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/12/11/g-s1-101668/seized-oil-tanker-off-the-coast-venezuela
Article: has seized an oil tanker off the coast of Venezuela toggle caption Evan Vucci/AP WASHINGTON — President Donald Trump said Wednesday that the United States has seized an oil tanker off the coast of Venezuela as tensions mount with the government of President Nicolás Maduro. forces to take control of a merchant ship is incredibly unusual and marks the Trump administration's latest push to increase pressure on Maduro, who has been charged with narcoterrorism in the United States. has built up the largest military presence in the region in decades and launched a series of deadly strikes on alleged drug-smuggling boats in the Caribbean Sea and eastern Pacific Ocean. "We've just seized a tanker on the coast of Venezuela, a large tanker, very large, largest one ever seized, actually," Trump told reporters at the White House, later adding that "it was seized for a very good reason." Sponsor Message Trump did not offer additional details. Video posted to social media by Attorney General Pam Bondi shows people fast-roping from one of the helicopters involved in the operation as it hovers just feet from the deck. Bondi wrote that "for multiple years, the oil tanker has been sanctioned by the United States due to its involvement in an illicit oil shipping network supporting foreign terrorist organizations." Sponsor Message Venezuela's government said in a statement that the seizure "constitutes a blatant theft and an act of international piracy." "Under these circumstances, the true reasons for the prolonged aggression against Venezuela have finally been revealed. 2 with about 2 million barrels of heavy crude, roughly half of it belonging to a Cuban state-run oil importer, according to documents from the state-owned company Petróleos de Venezuela S.A., commonly known as PDVSA, that were provided on the condition of anonymity because the person did not have permission to share them. O'Hara, a naval historian and author of "The Greatest Naval War Ever Fought," called the seizure "very unusual" and "provocative." Noting that the action will probably deter other ships from the Venezuela coastline, he said, "If you have no maritime traffic or access to that, then you have no economy." The seizure comes a day after the U.S. The Trump administration is facing increasing scrutiny from lawmakers over the boat strike campaign, which has killed at least 87 people in 22 known strikes since early September, including a follow-up strike that killed two survivors clinging to the wreckage of a boat after the first hit. Sponsor Message Lawmakers are demanding to get unedited video from the strikes, but Defense Secretary Pete Hegseth told congressional leaders at a classified briefing Tuesday that he was still weighing whether to release it.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/11/big-tech-microsoft-amazon-google-india-billions-in-investment.html
Article: A slogan related to Artificial Intelligence (AI) is displayed on a screen in Intel pavilion, during the 54th annual meeting of the World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland, January 16, 2024. Big Tech is doubling down on investing billions in India, drawn by its abundance of resources for building data centers, a large talent and digital user pool, and market opportunity. In under 24 hours, Microsoft and Amazon pledged more than $50 billion toward India's cloud and AI infrastructure, while Intel on Monday announced plans to make chips in the country to capitalize on its growing PC demand and speedy AI adoption. and China in the race to develop a native AI foundational model, and lacks a large domestic AI infrastructure company, it wants to leverage its expertise in the information technology sector to create and deploy AI applications at enterprise level, also offering Big Tech companies a huge opportunity. Having a model or computing is not enough for any enterprise to use AI effectively, and it requires companies making application layer and a large talent pool to deploy them, S. "This scale of capex gives Microsoft first‑mover advantage in GPU‑rich data centers while making Azure the preferred platform for India's AI workloads, as well as deepening alignment with the government's AI public infrastructure push," said Tarun Pathak, research Director at Counterpoint Research. Over the past few months, AI and tech majors such as OpenAI, Google, and Perplexity have offered their tools for free to millions in India, with Google also firming up its plans to invest $15 billion toward building data center capacity for a new AI hub in southern India. "India combines a huge digital user base, rapidly growing cloud and AI demand, and a high-talent IT ecosystem that can build and consume AI at scale, making it more than just a market for users and instead a core engineering and deployment hub," Pathak said.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/10/fed-meeting-today-live-updates.html
Article: Powell added that policymakers are in a good place to "wait and see how the economy evolves." The Fed also said it will once again buy Treasury securities, with a $40 billion purchase on Friday.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c0r9p1ypyjyo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Shell facing first UK legal claim over climate impacts of fossil fuels 6 hours ago Share Save Matt McGrath Environment correspondent Share Save Getty Images Victims of a deadly typhoon in the Philippines have filed a legal claim against oil and gas company Shell in the UK courts, seeking compensation for what they say is the company's role in making the storm more severe. "That's why my father said that we will hold our hands together, if we survive, we survive, but if we will die, we will die together." Trixy is now part of the group of 67 individuals that has filed a claim that's believed to be the first case of its kind against a UK major producer of oil and gas. Getty Images A family take shelter in the wake of Typhoon Rai which left hundreds of thousands of people homeless In a letter sent to Shell before the claim was filed at court, the legal team for the survivors says the case is being brought before the UK courts as that is where Shell is domiciled – but that it will apply the law of the Philippines as that is where the damage occurred.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cr7l0nyxxygo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Panic in France as children fall victim to lethal violence of Marseille drug gangs 53 minutes ago Share Save Andrew Harding Paris correspondent, Marseille Share Save AFP via Getty Images Drug crime has skyrocketed in Marseille, France's second largest city Warning: This article contains disturbing details from the start. The Immortal, a Marseille gang member, showing his bullet wounds from a rival gang attack Across Marseille, police, lawyers, politicians and community organisers talk of a psychose – a state of collective trauma or panic – gripping parts of the city, as they debate whether to fight back with ever tougher police action or with fresh attempts to address entrenched poverty. AFP via Getty Images French anti-drug activist Amine Kessaci (centre) is mourning his brother Mehdi, who was murdered in Marseille Ahmed Kessaci first rose to national prominence in 2020, after his older brother, a gang member named Brahim, was also murdered. Although one gang, the DZ Mafia, now appears to dominate the trade, it operates a kind of franchise system, with a fractious network of small distributors often staffed by teenagers and undocumented immigrants, who clash violently over territory. Later, a policeman explained that the young man they had detained was pleading to be arrested, saying he had come to Marseille from another city, and was now being held against his will and forced to work for a drug gang. In his office close to the city's old harbour, Bessone described an industry thought to be worth up to €7bn nationwide and characterised by two new developments: a growing emphasis on online recruitment, sales, and delivery; and a rising number of teenagers coerced into the trade. On Tiktok, dozens of videos, set to music, advertise drugs for sale in Marseille's cités, "from 10:00 to midnight", each product with its own emoji, for cocaine, hashish and marijuana.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/ce91072g59no?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Tiger teeth, dried seahorses and shark fins sold illegally on Facebook, BBC finds 50 minutes ago Share Save Angus Crawford, BBC Investigations Correspondent Share Save Facebook Adverts seen on Facebook showed tiger teeth, dried seahorses and shark fins for sale Endangered species, including tiger body parts, shark fins and pangolin scales, are being offered for sale on Facebook, BBC News has found. One Chinese user posted videos of a tiger in a cage that was for sale as well as pictures of tiger bones and teeth, while another included two live tiger cubs in a box. The sale of endangered species such as tigers and pangolin is illegal in the UK and CITES, the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species of Wild Fauna and Flora, closely regulates international trade in species under threat. Five dead seahorses, with a pregnant male in the centre, bought from a supplier in the UK The BBC showed the samples to Neil Garrick-Maidment, from the Seahorse Trust, who said it "made him sick to his stomach". Reuters The pangolin are easily recognised by their full armour of scales The global trade in endangered species is estimated to be worth £17bn per year and Interpol assesses it to be the fourth largest international crime type behind drugs smuggling, people smuggling and arms trafficking. In a statement, Meta said: "We do not allow the sale of endangered species on our platforms." The social media platform says it takes down that kind of material as soon as it becomes aware of it, saying it encourages users to "report any content they think may violate our policies".

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c04vgxk0613o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Goa nightclub owners held in Thailand over deadly fire 12 minutes ago Share Save Abhishek Dey Share Save Getty Images A deadly blaze at Goa's Birch By Romeo Lane on Sunday killed 25 people Two brothers wanted in connection with a deadly fire at their nightclub in the Indian state of Goa, which killed 25 people, have been detained in Thailand, India's ambassador to Thailand, Nagesh Singh, told the BBC. "They will be sent back [to India]," Mr Singh said on Thursday, a day after a court in Delhi refused to grant them protection from arrest and the Goa government approached India's external affairs ministry to revoke their passports.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/formula1/articles/cy95n27g873o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: The 40-year-old Briton joined Ferrari with the ambition of winning that elusive eighth world title, which he - and a good number of others - believes he should already have won in the controversial 2021 title decider. The sport's most famous driver joining its most iconic team, right at a time when Ferrari seemed to be on an upward trajectory after ending 2024 narrowly missing out on the constructors' championship at the final race of the year. Although a sprint-race victory for Hamilton at the second race of the season in China was a promising start, reality set in with a bump the following day, when both cars were disqualified from the grand prix. In Spain, the Ferrari pace dropped off significantly in the final stages after a promising first two-thirds of the race as the team tried to manage skid wear, in this case by increasing their tyre pressures for the final stint. In Hungary, his team-mate Charles Leclerc qualified on pole and appeared to be competing for the win with the McLarens for the first two-thirds of the race, only to slow significantly in the final stint as he limited his top speed to reduce the load on the car. He could manage only 12th on the grid, and the stark comparison between him and Leclerc resulted in him saying he was "just useless", and suggesting the team "probably need to change driver". "I can understand that sometimes the guy is a bit emotional and to say, 'OK, yes, no.' All he wants is to go back to the engineering office and to discuss with the engineer to understand why." In that answer Vasseur touched on another common theme he has used to downplay Hamilton's difficulties. As Vasseur said after the race in Abu Dhabi: "We struggled all the season with details, because what we have to keep in mind is that yesterday in Q1, you moved from P6 to P16 for less than 0.1secs." The margin between sixth and 16th last Saturday was actually 0.216secs, but the fundamental point stands - Hamilton missed out on getting through by 0.009secs.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/american-football/articles/cewj4g84kxdo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: The AFC East title could go down to the wire, but the Buffalo Bills will need to stop the New England Patriots' 10-game win streak when the divisional rivals meet at Foxborough this Sunday. The Bills improved their record to 9-4 with a 39-34 win over the Bengals last Sunday, and it was just Josh Allen doing Josh Allen things again, especially in that fourth quarter. There's a high probability Buffalo won't win the AFC East for the first time in six years, and few expected New England to win the division after back-to-back four-win seasons. The Patriots were the ones that broke the Bills' undefeated start in week five and when you do that on the road, your team's going to walk away and think 'alright, we actually might have something here'.

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/12/11/g-s1-101673/michigan-football-coach-sherrone-moore-jailed
Article: — Former Michigan football coach Sherrone Moore was jailed on Wednesday, according to court records, hours after he was fired for what the university said was an "inappropriate relationship with a staff member." According to the Washtenaw County Jail, the 39-year-old Moore had been booked into the facility as of Wednesday evening. Sponsor Message The incident was not random and there was no ongoing threat to public safety, police said, and the person was jailed pending a review of charges by prosecutors. Michigan said it fired Moore for cause after finding evidence of his relationship with the staffer, ending an up-and-down, two-year tenure that saw the Wolverines take a step back on the field after winning the national championship and getting punished by the NCAA. Sponsor Message College football's winningest program is suddenly looking for a third coach in four years, shortly after a busy cycle that included Lane Kiffin leaving playoff-bound Mississippi for LSU. Moore was promoted to offensive line coach and co-offensive coordinator in 2021, when the Wolverines bounced back from a 2-4, pandemic-shortened season and began a three-year run of excellence that culminated in the school's first national title in 26 years. Sponsor Message He worked his way up within the Wolverines' staff and filled in as interim coach for four games during the 2023 championship season while Harbaugh served two suspensions for potential NCAA rules violations. Earlier in the 2023 season, Michigan State fired coach Mel Tucker for cause after he engaged in what he described as consensual phone sex with an activist and rape survivor. In 2012, Arkansas fired coach Bobby Petrino due to a sordid scandal that involved a motorcycle crash, an affair with a woman who worked for him and being untruthful to his bosses.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/crypto-mogul-kwon-sentenced-misleading-investors-lost-billions-128303199
Article: Cryptocurrency mogul Do Kwon is scheduled to be sentenced for misleading investors who lost billions when his company’s crypto ecosystem collapsed in 2022 Crypto mogul Do Kwon to be sentenced for misleading investors who lost billions in stablecoin crash NEW YORK -- Cryptocurrency mogul Do Kwon is scheduled to be sentenced Thursday for misleading investors who lost billions when his company’s crypto ecosystem collapsed in 2022. But prosecutors say it was all an illusion that came crumbling down, devastating investors and triggering “a cascade of crises that swept through cryptocurrency markets.” Kwon, who hails from South Korea, has agreed to forfeit over $19 million as part of the plea deal. The community looked to me to know the path, and I in my hubris led them astray,” while adding, “I made misrepresentations that came from a brashness that is now a source of deep regret.” Authorities said investors worldwide lost money in the downfall of the Singapore crypto firm, which Kwon co-founded in 2018.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/photos-families-set-off-migration-journeys-found-torn-128303509
Article: Photos of families who set off on migration journeys and found themselves torn apart Jakelin Pasedo's three-year-old son washes his hands in the Miami-area motel room where Pasedo and her two children, who all have refugee status, are living, Wednesday, Oct. (AP Photo/Rebecca Blackwell) Jakelin Pasedo's three-year-old son washes his hands in the Miami-area motel room where Pasedo and her two children, who all have refugee status, are living, Wednesday, Oct. Their husband and father, Antonio Laverde, who left Venezuela in 2022, was arrested in June at his shared housing and detained for three months before asking to return to Venezuela. Her husband Edgar, who had lived and worked in South Florida for over 20 years, was detained on a 2016 warrant and deported to Guatemala on June 8, leaving the family unable to pay rent and reliant on donations at first.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/wireStory/senate-poised-reject-extension-health-care-subsidies-costs-128302866
Article: The Senate is poised to reject legislation to extend Affordable Care Act tax credits for millions of Americans Senate poised to reject extension of health care subsidies as costs rise for many Senate Majority Leader John Thune, R-S.D., joined at left by Sen. Scott Applewhite) WASHINGTON -- The Senate is poised on Thursday to reject legislation to extend Affordable Care Act tax credits for millions of Americans, a potentially unceremonious end to a monthslong Democratic effort to prevent the COVID-era subsidies from expiring on Jan. Instead, the Senate is expected to vote on two partisan bills and defeat them both — essentially guaranteeing that many who buy their health insurance on the ACA marketplaces see a steep rise in costs at the beginning of the year. Thom Tillis of North Carolina, who has unsuccessfully pushed his Republican colleagues to extend the tax credits for a short time so they can find agreement on the issue next year. Democrats who forced a government shutdown for 43 days on the issue have so far not wavered from their proposal to extend the subsidies for three years with none of the new limits that Republicans have suggested. The GOP proposal would create new health savings accounts to replace the tax credits, an idea that Democrats called “dead on arrival.” The dueling Senate votes are the latest political messaging exercise in a Congress that has operated almost entirely on partisan terms, as Republicans pushed through a massive tax and spending cuts bill this summer using budget maneuvers that eliminated the need for Democratic votes. A small group of moderate Democratic senators crossed the aisle and made a deal with Republicans to end the shutdown last month, raising some hopes for a health care compromise that quickly faded with a lack of real bipartisan talks. The votes were also the latest salvo in the debate over the Affordable Care Act, former President Barack Obama’s signature law that Democrats passed along party lines in 2010 to expand access to insurance coverage. In the meantime Democrats have made the policy a central political issue in several elections, betting that the millions of people who buy health care on the government marketplaces want to keep their coverage. Even if they view it as a political win, the failed votes would be a loss for Democrats who demanded an extension of the benefits as they forced a government shutdown for six weeks in October and November — and for the millions of people facing premium increases on Jan. While most Democratic senators pushed to keep the shutdown going as Republicans refused to negotiate, a small group of centrist Democrats struck a deal with Majority Leader John Thune for a future health care vote, with no guarantee of success, in exchange for their votes to reopen the government. The GOP plan that the Senate will vote on Thursday would replace the tax credits with health savings accounts, an overhaul of the law that they say would put the money in the hands of consumers, not insurance companies that currently receive the current subsidies directly.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/wireStory/affirmative-action-elite-colleges-prioritizing-economic-diversity-admissions-128303327
Article: Some of the nation’s most prestigious colleges have been enrolling record numbers of low-income students as campuses prioritize economic diversity in the wake of a ban on affirmative action WASHINGTON -- Some of the country’s most prestigious colleges are enrolling record numbers of low-income students — a growing admissions priority in the absence of affirmative action. “Socioeconomic diversity will increase if and only if college presidents make it a priority.” Last year, Princeton set aggressive goals to recruit more low-income students in the wake of the Supreme Court's ban on affirmative action in higher education. Without the ability to consider race, officials wrote in a campus report, focusing on economic diversity offers “the university’s greatest opportunity to attract diverse talent." The country's most selective colleges still enroll large proportions of students from the wealthiest 1% of American families. “MIT has always been an engine of opportunity for low-income students, and we are dedicated to ensuring we can make an MIT education accessible for students from every walk of life," Stu Schmill, MIT’s dean of admissions, said in a statement. “It’s in places where we know there’s a lot of talent but not a lot of opportunity.” On many campuses, officials hoped the focus on economic diversity would preserve racial diversity — Black, Hispanic and Indigenous Americans have the country's highest poverty rates. “It's important that America’s leadership class — which disproportionately derives from selective colleges — include people who've faced economic hardships in life.” Swarthmore College saw the most dramatic leap in Pell enrollment, jumping from 17% to 30% last year. “Not all minority students are low-income, and not all majority students have significant financial means." In legal memos, the White House has alleged that prioritizing students based on earnings or geography amounts to a “racial proxy” in violation of the Supreme Court's 2023 decision against affirmative action. In a June letter, Trump officials accused the University of California-Los Angeles of “race-based admissions in all but name." It criticized UCLA for considering factors like applicants' family income, ZIP code and high school profile. Earlier this year the College Board — the nonprofit that oversees the SAT — suddenly discontinued an offering that gave admissions offices a wealth of information about applicants, including earnings data from their neighborhoods.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/wireStory/indiana-redistricting-final-deciding-vote-state-senate-128302822
Article: Indiana state Senators are expected to take a final and deciding vote on redistricting Thursday, and the outcome is still uncertain Indiana redistricting is up for a final, deciding vote in the state Senate Protesters gather outside the Senate chamber at the Statehouse as senators meet during a special session to vote on a new congressional map Monday, Dec. (AP Photo/Obed Lamy) Indiana state senators are expected to take a final, high-stakes vote on redistricting Thursday after months of pressure from President Donald Trump, and the outcome is still uncertain. Even in the face of one-on-one pressure from the White House and violent threats against state lawmakers, many Indiana Republicans have been reluctant to back a new congressional map that would favor their party's candidates in the 2026 elections. Trump is asking Republican-led states to redistrict in the middle of the decade, an uncommon practice, in order to make more winnable seats for the GOP ahead of next year's elections. In Indiana, Trump supports passage of a new map drawn up by the National Republican Redistricting Trust designed to deliver all nine of the state's congressional districts to the GOP. On Wednesday night, he sharply criticized party members who didn't want to go along with the plan, and he repeated his threat to back primary challenges for anyone who voted against it. The new map would split the city of Indianapolis into four districts, each included with large portions of rural Indiana — three of which would stretch from the central city to the borders of nearby states. If at least four of that group side with the chamber's 10 Democrats and 12 other Republicans who are expected to vote no, the vote would fail in a remarkable rebuke to Trump's demand. In a Senate committee Monday, the redistricting legislation took its first step toward passage in a 6-3 vote, with one Republican joining the committee's two Democrats in voting against it. California voters recently approved a new map in response to Texas' that would favor Democratic candidates, and a judge in Utah imposed new districts that could allow Democrats to win a seat, after ruling that Republican lawmakers circumvented voter-approved anti-gerrymandering standards.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/wireStory/time-magazine-person-year-2025-128302146
Article: Time magazine is set to name its person of the year for 2025 Time magazine to name its person of the year for 2025 NEW YORK -- Time magazine is set to name its person of the year for 2025 on Thursday. Pope Leo XIV, the first American pope whose election this year followed the death of Pope Francis, is also considered a contender, with President Donald Trump, Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and New York Mayor-elect Zohran Mamdani topping lists as well. Trump was named the 2024 person of the year by the magazine after his winning his second bid for the White House, succeeding Taylor Swift, who was the 2023 person of the year.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/wireStory/judge-decide-degree-media-access-charlie-kirk-killing-128303077
Article: Lawyers for the 22-year-old Utah man charged with killing Charlie Kirk are expected in court as they push to further limit media access in the high-profile criminal case FILE - A national flag hangs over the site where conservative activist Charlie Kirk was shot and killed, at Utah Valley University, Sept. (AP Photo/Jesse Bedayn, File) SALT LAKE CITY -- Lawyers for the 22-year-old Utah man charged with killing Charlie Kirk are due in court Thursday as they push to further limit media access in the high-profile criminal case. A Utah judge is weighing the public's right to know details in Tyler Robinson's case against his attorneys' concerns that the swarm of media attention could interfere with his right to a fair trial. The media presence at Utah hearings is already limited, with judges often designating one photographer and one videographer to document a hearing and share their images with other news organizations. Kirk’s widow, Erika Kirk, has called for full transparency, saying, “We deserve to have cameras in there.” Her husband was an ally of President Donald Trump who worked to steer young voters toward conservatism. Robinson's legal team says his pretrial publicity reaches as far as the White House, with Trump announcing soon after Robinson’s arrest, “With a high degree of certainty, we have him,” and “I hope he gets the death penalty.” Attorney Kathy Nester has raised concern that digitally altered versions of Robinson's initial court photo have spread widely, creating misinformation about the case.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/11/ai-defense-boom-in-uk-and-germany-as-new-wave-of-companies-emerge.html
Article: Private funding for defense startups across the region has ramped up in recent years, with investors looking to tap into increasing government military budgets, driven by the ongoing Russia-Ukraine war and pressure from the Trump administration. David Ordonez, senior associate at NATO Innovation Fund, told CNBC that this was "thanks to the scientific expertise of their talent base, national commitments to treat this sector as an economic engine for growth and a manufacturing base that enables the rapid scaling of breakthrough innovation." 'Visible pathways to procurement' Venture capital for European defense startups has spiked as members of the NATO military alliance have agreed to increase security spending to 5% of gross domestic product, and defense departments in London and Berlin have increasingly signaled a willingness to adopt new technology built by younger players in the market. Investors, buoyed by the promise of commercial deals, have funneled a record $4.3 billion into the sector since the start of 2022, according to Dealroom — nearly four times the funds deployed in the previous four years. In the U.K., manufacturing platform PhysicsX, which works with defense companies, raised $155 million this year, and missile interception startup Cambridge Aerospace reportedly picked up a $100 million round in August. Credit: Tekever Germany announced its defense spending would rise to upwards of 100 billion euros — a record figure since the German reunification — from 2026, and also changed procurement processes to make it easier for startups to participate. While most European governments have ramped up defense spending, Germany stands out as having "visible pathways from prototype to major procurement [for startups] that many other European markets still do not provide," Meghan Welch, managing director at financial advisory firm BGL, told CNBC. Stark's Virtus drone "Many of Europe's best engineers developed their expertise in Germany's industrial and technological sectors, which have long led in hardware, software, manufacturing and supply-chain resilience," Lockwood said. Credit: Anduril UK "[AUKUS] allows us to work with the MOD [Ministry of Defence], align on operational needs and accelerate the deployment of leading autonomous systems in a context where trust, shared priorities and strategic alignment matter as much as technology," Drake said. "Given the history of the special relationship between the US and the UK, the UK serves as an excellent launching pad into the rest of the European market," said Enrique Oti, chief strategy officer at Second Front Systems. "If you can win a pilot with UK forces, comply with UK/US-aligned security and export regimes and operate in English with UK industrial and legal standards, you look much more ready to US primes, Department of War programs and AUKUS-related efforts." In 2025, some of Europe's best-funded defense startups, including Helsing, Quantum Systems and Stark, announced factories, offices, or investments in the country.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/11/european-markets-on-decpoint11-2025-stoxx-600-ftse-dax-fed-reaction.html
Article: New data released on Weds, April 19 revealed that food and non-alcoholic beverage prices rose by 19.2% in the year to March 2023, the sharpest annual increase for more than 45 years. The U.K.'s FTSE index is seen opening slightly below the flatline, Germany's DAX 0.3% lower, France's CAC 40 flat and Italy's FTSE MIB down 0.18%, according to data from IG.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/11/cross-border-fighting-between-thailand-cambodia-enters-fourth-day?traffic_source=rss
Article: Renewed fighting between Thailand and Cambodia has entered its fourth day, with both sides accusing one another of violating international law, as they await a promised phone call from United States President Donald Trump. Cambodia’s Ministry of Defence accused Thailand’s military of carrying out numerous attacks within the country in the early hours of Thursday morning, including deploying tanks and artillery to strike targets in the country’s Pursat, Banteay Meanchey, and Oddar Meanchey provinces. “Cambodia urges that Thailand immediately stop all hostile activities and withdraw its forces from Cambodia’s territorial integrity, and avoid acts of aggression that threaten peace and stability in the region,” the Defence Ministry said. Clashes took place on Wednesday at more than a dozen locations along the contested colonial-era demarcated 817-kilometre (508-mile) Thai-Cambodian border, with some of the most intense fighting being reported since a five-day battle in July, which saw dozens killed on both sides. Cambodia’s Ministry of the Interior said homes, schools, roads, Buddhist pagodas and ancient temples had been damaged by “Thailand’s intensified shelling and F-16 air strikes targeting villages and civilian population centres up to 30km [18.6 miles] inside Cambodian territory”. Advertisement “It should be noted that … these brutal acts of aggression of the Thai military indiscriminately opened fire targeting civilian areas, especially schools, and further destroyed Ta Krabey and Preah Vihear temples, the highly sacred cultural sites of Cambodia and the world cultural heritage,” it said. The ministry added that, as of Wednesday, the death toll on the Cambodian side of the border stands at 10 civilians, including one infant, while 60 people have been injured. Both sides have blamed one another for reigniting the conflict, which began on Monday and has expanded to five provinces across Thailand and Cambodia, according to a tally by the AFP news agency.

Link: https://www.morningbrew.com/stories/trump-admin-initiative-upgrades-at-airports?utm_source=&utm_medium=syndication&utm_campaign=feed
Article: had a pull-up competition in the middle of Reagan National Airport’s Terminal 2 (not a metaphor) to announce the $1 billion in grants the administration plans to allocate toward healthy airport upgrades.

Link: https://abc7.com/post/powerball-jackpot-soars-930-million-wednesday-night-drawing/18273783/
Article: Powerball jackpot soars to $1 billion after no big winner in latest drawing The Powerball jackpot has soared to an estimated $1 billion after there were no big winners in Wednesday night's drawing.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/tennis/articles/ce3wx5nq75eo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Some see the encounter between four-time major singles champion Sabalenka and Australia's former world number 13 Kyrgios as harmless entertainment, but others believe it could belittle the women's game if Sabalenka loses. Each player will only receive one serve, while Sabalenka's side of the court will be 9% smaller after tournament organisers Evolve said data showed female players move about 9% slower on average than their male counterparts. And Bobby loved it." King's contest took place a few months after Riggs - who died in 1995 aged 77 - had soundly beaten world number one Margaret Court 6-1 6-2 in the first 'Battle of the Sexes' matches. It was played in the same year King founded the Women's Tennis Association, and three years after a group of players, dubbed The Original 9, broke away from the sport’s establishment. It also took place at the time of Title IX legislation in the US, which prohibited sex-based discrimination in any school or education programme, and gave male and female athletic teams equal benefits, opportunities and treatment.

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/12/11/nx-s1-5640625/botulism-outbreak-expands-byheart
Article: Botulism outbreak sickens more than 50 babies and expands to all ByHeart products toggle caption Cheyanne Mumphrey/AP Federal health officials on Wednesday expanded an outbreak of infant botulism tied to recalled ByHeart baby formula to include all illnesses reported since the company began production in March 2022. News that ByHeart products could have been contaminated for years was distressing to Andi Galindo, whose 5-week-old daughter, Rowan, was hospitalized in December 2023 with infant botulism after drinking the formula. Galindo, 36, of Redondo Beach, California, said she insisted on using ByHeart formula to supplement a low supply of breast milk because it was recommended by a lactation consultant as "very natural, very gentle, very good for the babies." "That's a hard one," Galindo said. "If there is proof that there were issues with their manufacturing and their plant all the way back from the beginning, that is a problem and they really need to be held accountable." Amy Mazziotti, 43, of Burbank, California, said her then-5-month-old son, Hank, fell ill and was treated for botulism in March, weeks after he began drinking ByHeart. "I've known in my gut from the beginning that ByHeart was the reason Hank got sick, and to see that these cases are now part of the investigation brings me to tears — a mix of relief, gratitude and hope that the truth is finally being recognized," she said. In a statement late Wednesday, ByHeart officials said the company is cooperating with federal officials "to understand the full scope of related cases." "The new cases reported by CDC and FDA will help inform ByHeart's investigation as we continue to seek the root cause of the contamination," the statement said. Sponsor Message The company previously reported that tests by an independent laboratory showed that 36 samples from three different lots contained the type of bacteria that can cause infant botulism. In 2022, the year ByHeart started making formula, the company recalled five batches of infant formula after a sample at a packaging plant tested positive for a different germ, cronobacter sakazakii. In 2023, the FDA sent a warning letter to the company detailing "areas that still require corrective actions." A ByHeart plant in Reading, Pennsylvania, was shut down in 2023 just before FDA inspectors found problems with mold, water leaks and insects, documents show.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/winning-numbers-drawn-wednesdays-powerball-128302897
Article: The winning numbers in Wednesday evening’s drawing of the "Powerball" game were: 10-16-29-33-69, Powerball: 22 The Associated Press By The Associated Press The winning numbers in Wednesday evening’s drawing of the "Powerball" game were: 10-16-29-33-69, Powerball: 22, Power Play: 3 (ten, sixteen, twenty-nine, thirty-three, sixty-nine, Powerball: twenty-two, Power Play: three) Estimated jackpot: $936 million For more lottery results, go to Jackpot.com | Order Lottery Tickets

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Business/wireStory/philippines-tests-transition-credits-cut-coal-experiment-128301788
Article: The Philippines is testing a new type of carbon credit aimed at encouraging companies to cut their climate warming emissions The Philippines tests ‘transition credits’ to cut coal use in novel experiment A semi-submerged freighter lists by the coast of the South Luzon Thermal Energy Power Plant in Calaca, Batangas in the Philippines on Saturday, Oct. Delgado) CALACA, Philippines -- The Philippines is testing a new type of carbon credit aimed at encouraging companies to cut their climate warming emissions by creating funds that can be used to turn coal-fired power plants into renewable energy facilities. They've been found failing to deliver on promised benefits to local communities and linked to allegations of human rights violations in Cambodia and an uptick in deforestation in Peru, among other problems. “But it’s not like we have a smorgasbord or buffet of climate change solutions to choose from.” The world will likely overshoot the global goal of keeping Earth's temperatures from warming above 1.5 degrees Celsius. “There’s no question that efforts to support phasing out coal-fired power plants are worthy, important and of critical need,” said Danny Cullenward, of the University of Pennsylvania’s Kleinman Center for Energy Policy. “But it is a really thorny issue to try to accurately quantify the benefits of an intervention, like transition credits.” The transition credit experiment is playing out at the 270-megawatt South Luzon Thermal Energy Corp. “There will be more believers than non-believers in this initiative." The Rockefeller Foundation designed the transition credits concept to help finance early retirement of coal plants by paying for replacing fossil fuel gear with renewable energy equipment used to keep generating power at the same sites. There is a growing demand that isn’t stopping.” Joseph Curtin, vice president of energy transitions at The Rockefeller Foundation, said an independent non-profit carbon market governance body is reviewing the transition credit method, which already has been backed by business giants like Japan’s Mitsubishi Corp. There are about 60 coal plants in the Asia-Pacific region with transition credit potential that together could attract $110 billion in public and private capital by 2030, and the Calaca project is needed to show the idea works, Curtin said. “But to have any credibility, we need to do one project and we need to use that to learn and evolve.” Skepticism over transition credits stems from the carbon market's somewhat tarnished reputation. Given integrity issues in past projects, Bartolome said transition credits will likely fall into the same trap of not benefitting local communities, especially if reparations aren't provided for those negatively impacted by the Calaca coal plant. Patrick McCully, an energy transition analyst for Reclaim Finance, wrote in a recent report that transition credits would likely repeat failures of the carbon market," asserting the credits are a “dead end” because the industry hasn't addressed false promises, inaccurate carbon calculations and other issues.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Business/wireStory/asian-shares-mixed-after-fed-cuts-rates-pushing-128303418
Article: stock market again approached its record high following the Federal Reserve’s cut in its main interest rate Asian shares are mixed after Fed cuts rates, pushing Wall Street near its record A television on the floor at the New York Stock Exchange in New York, display a news conference with Fed chairman Jerome Powell, Wednesday, Dec. Hong Kong's Hang Seng edged 0.1% higher, to 25,564.87 after the Hong Kong Monetary Authority followed the Fed’s lead and trimmed borrowing costs to 4.00%, their lowest rate since October 2022. The country's seasonally adjusted unemployment rate in November was unchanged from October at 4.3%, below the expected 4.4% In South Korea, the Kospi shed gains in early session, falling 0.3% to 4,121.68. On Wall Street, GE Vernova flew 15.6% higher after the energy company raised its forecast for revenue by 2028, doubled its dividend and increased its program to buy back its own stock.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Business/wireStory/tens-thousands-join-anti-government-protests-bulgaria-128295622
Article: Tens of thousands of people have joined the latest massive protests across Bulgaria, accusing the government of widespread corruption Students wave Bulgarian flag as as a swelling crowd of tens of thousands of Bulgarians filled Sofia's central square, demanding the government's resignation amid rising anger over corruption and contested economic policies, Sofia, Bulgaria, Wednesday, Dec. (AP Photo/Valentina Petrova) Students wave Bulgarian flag as as a swelling crowd of tens of thousands of Bulgarians filled Sofia's central square, demanding the government's resignation amid rising anger over corruption and contested economic policies, Sofia, Bulgaria, Wednesday, Dec. (AP Photo/Valentina Petrova) SOFIA, Bulgaria -- Tens of thousands joined the latest massive protests across Bulgaria on Wednesday, accusing the government of widespread corruption and underscoring political rifts just weeks before the country is to join European nations that use the euro as the official currency at the start of next year. At the core of the protesters' frustrations is the role of Bulgarian politician and oligarch Delyan Peevski, who has been sanctioned by both the United States and Britain, and whose MRF New Beginning party backs the government. Bulgarian President Rumen Radev wrote on Facebook that Wednesday's demonstrations were in effect a vote of "no confidence in the Cabinet.” Radev, an opponent of the government who hails from the political left, urged the lawmakers to listen to the people and to “choose between the dignity of free voting and the shame of dependence” when they vote on Thursday.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Business/wireStory/trump-farmers-happy-cash-worried-future-128302797
Article: They're still worried about the future Charlie Radman, a corn and soybean farmer, stands for a photo on the land his family has owned since 1899, near Randolph, Minn., Wednesday, Dec. Trump announced Monday that his administration would distribute $12 billion in one-time payments to farmers, who have suffered from persistently low commodity prices, rising costs and declining sales after China cut off all agricultural purchases from America during the trade war. It’s not the ultimate solution we’re looking for," said Charlie Radman, a fourth-generation farmer who grows corn and soybeans on the land his family has owned near Randolph, Minnesota, since 1899. “What we really want to have is a little more certainty and not have to rely on these ad hoc payments.” American soybean and sorghum farmers typically export at least half of their crops. They were hit the hardest by Trump’s trade dispute with China, the world's largest buyer of soybeans that has increasingly relied on harvests from Brazil and other South American nations. But Liu Pengyu, the spokesperson for the Chinese embassy, said this week that “agriculture trade cooperation between China and the United States is proceeding in an orderly manner” without giving specifics. officials said would be purchased before the end of February, raising doubts on whether Beijing would follow through on that pledge or commitments to buy 25 million metric tons annually in the next three years. That’s a big part of why Minnesota farmer Glen Groth said he’d “like to see the administration focus more on opening up markets outside of China.” In addition to finding other international buyers, agriculture groups are pushing to expand domestic uses like biodiesel, ethanol, aviation fuel and animal feed. Trump signed an executive order over the weekend directing the Justice Department and Federal Trade Commission to investigate anti-competitive practices anywhere in the food supply chain, starting with the fertilizer, seed and equipment that farmers rely on and continuing to deal with meat packing companies and grocers who help determine what price consumers pay. Tregg Cronin, who farms and ranches with his family in central South Dakota, said he’s grateful for the president’s acknowledgment that farmers are “caught in the middle” of the trade war.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Business/wireStory/usa-today-editor-chief-after-year-job-128285811
Article: USA Today's editor in chief, Caren Bohan, is out of the job she's held for a little more than a year USA Today editor in chief out after a year in job By The Associated Press NEW YORK -- USA Today's editor in chief, Caren Bohan, is out after a little more than a year leading the flagship newspaper of the Gannett chain. Bohan became the newspaper's top editor in September 2024 after a long career writing and editing about politics for the newspaper and, prior to that, at the Reuters news service. “We sincerely wish her well and thank her for her many contributions.” Like many news organizations, Gannett has suffered financially over the past two decades, and its leadership announced over the summer it was making $100 million in cuts.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Health/wireStory/free-childbirth-program-ends-eastern-congo-worst-times-128302870
Article: It is increasingly difficult to give birth in eastern Congo A free childbirth program ends in eastern Congo at the worst of times By RUTH ALONGA Associated Press and CAITLIN KELLY Associated Press Irene Nabudeba, pregnant, mother of 5, waits for a consultation that used to be free at the Afia Himbi Hospital in Goma, Democratic Republic of Congo, Nov. (AP Photo/Moses Sawasawa) Irene Nabudeba, pregnant, mother of 5, waits for a consultation that used to be free at the Afia Himbi Hospital in Goma, Democratic Republic of Congo, Nov. (AP Photo/Moses Sawasawa) GOMA, Congo -- In a maternity ward in eastern Congo, Irene Nabudeba rested her hands on her bulging midsection, worried about giving birth in a city under rebel control. Several women told The Associated Press they cannot afford maternal care after Congo's program that was aimed at reducing some of the world's highest maternal and neonatal death rates ended earlier this year. Although clashes have subsided amid U.S.- and Qatar-led peace efforts, fighting continues and the conflict has collapsed public institutions, disrupted essential services and displaced more than 700,000 people, according to the U.N. Freddy Kaniki, deputy coordinator of M23, asserted to the AP that the free maternal care “was not renewed because it was a failure.” Congolese officials did not respond to questions. An International Committee of the Red Cross assessment in September found that at least 85% of health facilities were experiencing medicine shortages, and nearly 40% have seen an exodus of staff after the conflict surged in the provinces of North Kivu and South Kivu. Childbirth at a clinic in Goma now costs $5 to $10, out of reach for many families in a region where over 70% of the population lives on less than $2.15 a day, according to the World Bank. Franck Ndachetere Kandonyi, chief nurse at the Afia Himbi health center, said the number of births there under the free program had jumped from around five a month to more than 20. “Lately, the situation has not been favorable, and we are suffering greatly.” Across town at the Rehema Health Center, Ernestine Baleke waited for help with her ninth pregnancy, with concern on her face. “We risk dying in our homes while giving birth.” ___ For more on Africa and development: https://apnews.com/hub/africa-pulse ___ The Associated Press receives financial support for global health and development coverage in Africa from the Gates Foundation.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/video/us-require-tourist-social-media-history-128293985
Article: US to require tourist social media history Berardi Immigration Law managing partner Rosanna Berardi joins ABC News Live to discuss the new plan that would require some tourists to submit their social media history to visit the United States.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/11/cnbc-daily-open-much-to-like-in-feds-meeting-amid-warnings-of-restraint.html
Article: Federal Reserve lowered interest rates by a quarter percentage point on Wednesday stateside, two regional bank presidents — Jeffrey Schmid of Kansas City and Austan Goolsbee of Chicago — wanted rates to stand pat. "The last interest rate decision of 2025 has essentially paved the way for a Santa Claus rally to end the year, and the S&P 500 is poised to exceed the 7,000 milestone in the next few weeks," said José Torres, senior economist at Interactive Brokers.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/11/bolivia-arrests-ex-president-luis-arce-in-corruption-investigation?traffic_source=rss
Article: Bolivian law enforcement officials have arrested former President Luis Arce as part of a corruption investigation, in a polarising move just a month after the inauguration of conservative President Rodrigo Paz ended 20 years of socialist rule. A senior official in Paz’s government, Marco Antonio Oviedo, said on Wednesday that Arce had been arrested on charges of breach of duty and financial misconduct related to the alleged embezzlement of public funds during his stint as economy minister in the government of charismatic former leader Evo Morales (2006-2019). A special police force dedicated to fighting corruption confirmed to The Associated Press news agency that Arce was in custody at the unit’s headquarters in Bolivia’s capital of La Paz. Accusations Authorities accused Arce and other officials of diverting an estimated $700m from a state-run fund dedicated to supporting the Indigenous people and peasant farmers who formed the backbone of Morales’ Movement Toward Socialism party. Advertisement Serving on the board of directors of the Indigenous Peasant Development Fund from 2006 to 2017, Arce was in charge of allocating funds to social development projects in rural areas. Bolivia’s attorney general, Roger Mariaca, told local media that Arce had invoked his right to remain silent during police questioning, adding that he would remain in police custody overnight before being brought before a judge to determine whether he will remain in prison pending trial.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/gustavo-petro-responds-to-trump-saying-colombias-president-will-be-next-11191383
Article: Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro is already under heavy military and diplomatic pressure from the Trump administration to quit and flee, with the White House accusing him of heading a drug cartel, which he denies. "It seems his interlocutors deceive him completely." He added: "This terrible misinformation reaching the President of the United States leads him to make statements and take actions that cannot be directed at a president democratically elected by the majority of Colombian society. That is how Colombia is disrespected." Petro also rejected Trump's drug boat strikes in the Caribbean, saying "it is not true that firing missiles at boat operators is fighting against narco-terrorists, when those boat operators are poor people, when there is no international sea in the Caribbean, and when the drug trafficking bosses live on yachts near Dubai, in Madrid, and elsewhere." The Colombian leader said the "main security problem in the Americas is the climate crisis".

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/south-carolina-republican-takes-a-swipe-at-nancy-mace-over-airport-incident-11191264
Article: South Carolina Attorney General Alan Wilson called Representative Nancy Mace, a South Carolina Republican, “an entitled spoiled brat” in connection with the uproar over her interaction with security personnel at Charleston International Airport in October. Why It Matters The airport incident has added to a string of high-profile moments for Mace, who has drawn national attention for breaking with Republican leadership on key votes while aligning herself with President Donald Trump and calling herself "MAGA Mace" on social media. Mace later said she used the same entrance “all members of Congress use.” The report goes on to say that Mace began shouting at officers, insisting “this is no way to treat a U.S. Mace told CNN in an interview that the police report into the incident, and suggestions that she had cursed at police officers and Transportation Security Administration (TSA) personnel, were falsified. “I am absolutely saying that that report was falsified, 100 percent fictitious.” She described the uproar over her behaviour at the airport as a "political hit job." Asked who she thought might be behind the hit job, she said: “Oh, it was the Attorney General Alan Wilson.” Wilson said Mace’s assertion that he was involved was “a categorical lie.” He told CNN: “It's also delusional and crazy for her to make these kind of crazy accusations." “It’s not my fault that Ms. “She’s saying things that are delusional and this basically reminds me of a spoiled brat, an entitled spoiled brat… You have multiple witness statements corroborating the same thing.” What People Are Saying Cameron Morabito, Mace’s director of operations, told Newsweek via email in October: “We are forced to take the Congresswoman’s safety extremely seriously. Our security procedures are based solely on legitimate safety concerns, and any attempt to politicize this reality is both dangerous and reckless." What Happens Next South Carolina’s gubernatorial election is scheduled to take place on November 3, 2026.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/venezuela-reacts-to-uss-oil-tanker-seizure-piracy-11191284
Article: "The Bolivarian Republic of Venezuela denounces and energetically repudiates what constitutes a brazen theft and an act of international piracy, publicly announced by the president of the United States, who confessed to the assault of an oil tanker in the Caribbean Sea," the government said in a statement in Spanish. President Donald Trump on Wednesday described the tanker, which appeared to have been bound for Cuba, as the "largest ever" seized by the U.S., in a further escalation in the White House's campaign against President Nicolás Maduro's regime.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/nobel-peace-prize-winner-reaches-norway-after-daring-escape-from-venezuela-11191294
Article: Venezuelan opposition leader and Nobel Peace Prize laureate María Corina Machado appeared in downtown Oslo in the early hours of Thursday morning after a high-risk escape from Venezuela that involved disguises, a fishing boat and a private jet, according to a detailed account in The Wall Street Journal. Why It Matters Machado is the most prominent figure in Venezuela’s fractured opposition and the leader of the party that won a disputed 2024 presidential election with 67 percent of the vote, according to international allies. Machado’s Nobel win has sharpened Venezuela’s political polarization, with Maduro branding her a “demonic witch” and denouncing the prize as foreign meddling, even as foreign governments rally behind her call for a transition to democracy. What To Know According to the Wall Street Journal, Machado began her escape on Monday afternoon from a suburb of Caracas where she had been hiding for about a year. Disguised with a wig and accompanied by two helpers, she spent roughly 10 hours traveling by road to a coastal fishing village, passing through 10 military checkpoints without being detained. At the event, Nobel Committee chair Jørgen Watne Frydnes described Machado’s journey as taking place “in a situation of extreme danger.” Because Machado did not arrive in time, her daughter Ana Corina Sosa accepted the Peace Prize on Wednesday, telling the Oslo audience, “She will be back in Venezuela very soon.” Outside the Grand Hotel hours later, supporters chanted “¡Valiente!” (“brave”) and sang the Venezuelan national anthem as Machado waved from a balcony, then climbed over a metal barrier to embrace people in the crowd. Machado is a former industrial engineer and National Assembly deputy who became a “lightning rod” for the opposition after being ousted from parliament in 2014, barred from holding office and forced into hiding amid threats and repression. She was awarded the 2025 Nobel Peace Prize in October for leading a united opposition and a “successful electoral challenge” to Maduro, even after electoral authorities aligned with his regime disqualified her from running and her chosen candidate, Edmundo González, was later forced into exile. What People Are Saying In her Nobel acceptance message posted on X in October, Machado dedicated the prize: “to the suffering people of Venezuela and to President Trump for his decisive support of our cause.” Julio Borges, former Venezuelan lawmaker posted on X: “This Nobel Peace Prize for María Corina Machado is also a recognition of her moral leadership, which stands as a testament to the struggle of the Venezuelan people.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nba/spurs-coach-honest-victor-wembanyama-lakers-win-11191303
Article: When asked if Wembanyama could be available on Saturday, the head coach told reporters, “Very much so.” “He had a very intense day this morning and we'll have to see how he responds and reacts tomorrow." How Long Has Victor Wembanyama Been Out?

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/articles/cx2d33y4gzwo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: "It's been incredible to watch, and I can't wait to honour their achievements, and to see who the nation chooses as the BBC Sports Personality of the Year 2025." The public can vote online on the night for the main award, with full details announced during the show.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/WNT/video/arizona-rescuers-save-hiker-stuck-boulder-camelback-mountain-128297041
Article: Arizona rescuers save hiker stuck on boulder at Camelback Mountain A helicopter on a routine patrol spotted a man stuck on top of a large boulder on Arizona's Camelback Mountain.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/WNT/video/extreme-weather-wreaking-havoc-coast-coast-triggers-rescues-128297622
Article: Extreme weather wreaking havoc from coast to coast triggers rescues Water rescues are underway in the West after major flooding from an atmospheric river as an Arctic-air-fueled snowstorm sweeps from the Midwest all the way East.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Technology/wireStory/australias-lead-denmark-plans-ban-social-media-children-128303786
Article: Denmark is planning to follow Australia in introducing stricter restrictions for younger teens to access social media FILE - Caroline Stage, Danish Minister for Digitalization and representatives from the agreement parties attends a press conference about a new political agreement for better protection of children and young people online, in Copenhagen, Friday, Nov. (Thomas Traasdahl/Ritzau Scanpix via AP, File) FILE - Caroline Stage, Danish Minister for Digitalization and representatives from the agreement parties attends a press conference about a new political agreement for better protection of children and young people online, in Copenhagen, Friday, Nov. (Thomas Traasdahl/Ritzau Scanpix via AP, File) COPENHAGEN, Denmark -- As Australia began enforcing a world-first social media ban for children under 16 years old this week, Denmark is planning to follow its lead and severely restrict social media access for young people. The Danish government announced last month that it had secured an agreement by three governing coalition and two opposition parties in parliament to ban access to social media for anyone under the age of 15. The proposed measure would give some parents the right to let their children access social media from age 13, local media reported, but the ministry has not yet fully shared their plans. Many social media platforms already ban children younger than 13 from signing up, and a EU law requires Big Tech to put measures in place to protect young people from online risks and inappropriate content. Danish authorities have said that despite the restrictions, around 98% of Danish children under age 13 have profiles on at least one social media platform, and almost half of those under 10 years old do. The minister for digital affairs, Caroline Stage, who announced the proposed ban last month, said there is still a consultation process for the measure and several readings in parliament before it becomes law, perhaps by “mid to end of next year.” “In far too many years, we have given the social media platforms free play in the playing rooms of our children. “In the digital world, we don’t have any bouncers, and we definitely need that.” Under the new Australian law, Facebook, Instagram, Kick, Reddit, Snapchat, Threads, TikTok, X and YouTube face fines of up to 50 million Australian dollars ($33 million) if they fail to take reasonable steps to remove accounts of Australian children younger than 16. “I myself have some friends that I only know from online, and if I wasn’t fifteen yet, I wouldn’t be able to talk with those friends,” 15-year-old student Ronja Zander, who uses Instagram, Snapchat and TikTok, told the AP. "I don’t quite think that the young people know what’s normal, what’s not normal.” Danish officials are yet to share how exactly the proposed ban would be enforced and which social media platforms would be affected. “And that’s why we have to do something politically.” Some experts say restrictions, such as the ban planned by Denmark, don’t always work and they may also infringe on the rights of children and teenagers. “It was a way of connecting to society." Currently, the EU’s Digital Services Act, which took effect two years ago, requires social media platforms to ensure there are measures including parental controls and age verification tools before young users can access the apps. The Southeast Asian country of Malaysia is expected to ban social media account s for people under the age of 16 starting at the beginning of next year, and Norway is also taking steps to restrict social media access for children and teens.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/11/100-silver-what-may-be-next-after-devils-metal-hits-record-high.html
Article: Since the beginning of the year, the so-called "Devil's metal" has gained 114.6%, with spot silver last seen trading at around $61.96 an ounce after touching on a record high of $62.88 earlier in Wednesday's session. "For individuals who see gold as increasingly out of reach but want exposure to the ongoing precious-metals boom cycle, silver is proving — and I believe will continue to be — a compelling alternative. All the major tailwinds for silver remain in place; however, we should expect increased volatility." Silver is a critical component in products across various industries, and is used in the production of electrical switches, solar panels, and cell phones. Sectors such as solar energy, automotive electric vehicles and their infrastructure, and data centers and artificial intelligence will drive industrial demand higher through 2030." Solomon Global's Williams first made the call for $100 silver back in October, when the metal was approaching the $50 mark, saying at the time that he believed it would more than double by late 2026. "That is in a nutshell the story of silver in 2025." Gijsels struck an optimistic tone when asked if silver had further to run next year, although he predicted volatility along the way as profit-taking could spark some "violent drawdowns" before the metal hits $100 an ounce. "We already argued some time ago … that this sleeping beauty of commodity land, which has been in deficit for quite a number of years, would finally wake up and double the $50 [price] that had been in place for multiple decades," he said, referring to Economist Koen De Leus, with whom he co-authored the 2023 book "The New World Economy in 5 Trends." "It is clear that we are now in a secular bull market which could well lead us in the triple digits over the course of 2026 … This is not the end but the beginning of what could be a very nice story." Silver has outperformed gold this year, even with gold being on a record-smashing run of its own. The gold-silver ratio, which measures how many ounces of silver buy one ounce of gold, has fallen notably from its peak in April, when gold prices spiked amid a broad sell-off driven by President Donald Trump's tariffs announcements. Russ Mould, investment director at AJ Bell, told CNBC that even with gold trading at an increasingly narrower premium to silver, the latter continues to look cheap relative to gold. "Prior silver bull runs have seen that figure go below 40." How to trade silver Mould said those looking to invest in silver have options beyond holding physical coins or bars, which can come with high storage or insurance costs. London is home to Fresnillo and Hochschild Mining , both of which are strong performers this year, Mould noted, but cautioned that invested in mining stocks requires research into the company's financial strength in order to asses risks such as geology, weather and political unrest. Mould also pointed to passive tracker funds like the Global X Silver Miners ETF or iShares MSCI Global Silver and Metals Miners ETF, which are designed to follow and deliver the performance of a basket of silver mining shares from around the world.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/video/newsfeed/2025/12/11/nobel-peace-prize-winner-machado-greets-supporters-in-oslo?traffic_source=rss
Article: NewsFeed Nobel Peace Prize winner Machado greets supporters in Oslo Venezuelan opposition leader Maria Corina Machado greeted supporters in Oslo after missing the ceremony to award her the Nobel Peace Prize.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cg4nzy3r5zyo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Rare public display for Mary Queen of Scots' final letter 3 hours ago Share Save Cara Berkley BBC Scotland Share Save BBC The letter will go on display at Perth Museum for three months The public are to be given a rare chance to see the last letter by Mary Queen of Scots, which was written just hours before she was beheaded. She says: "I scorn death and vow that I meet it innocent of any crime." Mary also asks for her servants' wages to be paid after her death, and signs off: "Your very loving and most true sister, Mary R." Chris Cassels says the letter has a "relic-like quality" The manuscript is usually kept in secure storage at the National Library of Scotland (NLS). Shona Hunter says they want to reduce the amount of light on the letter Mr Cassels said Mary's "sincerity of religious conviction" stood out in the letter which had a "relic-like quality". "What we need to do is monitor, control and, where possible, just reduce the amount of light exposure and that way we protect it for generations to come." The letter will be on display for three months as part of an exhibition at Perth Museum which is due to open on 23 January.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/major-strike-portugal-expected-bring-widespread-disruption-128304344
Article: A strike called by Portugal’s two main trade union confederations is expected to cause severe flight and rail disruptions, shutter many government services, and force the cancellation of medical appointments and classes Thursday A police officer negotiates with striking workers blocking the movement of trucks at the gate to warehouses of the Portuguese postal services company, at the start of a general strike to protest against a new labour package announced by the centre-right government, in Lisbon, early Thursday, Dec. (AP Photo/Ana Brigida) A police officer negotiates with striking workers blocking the movement of trucks at the gate to warehouses of the Portuguese postal services company, at the start of a general strike to protest against a new labour package announced by the centre-right government, in Lisbon, early Thursday, Dec. (AP Photo/Ana Brigida) LISBON, Portugal -- A strike called by Portugal’s two main trade union confederations is expected to cause severe flight and rail disruptions, shutter many government services and force the cancellation of medical appointments and classes Thursday. The two labor groups representing close to a million Portuguese workers say it could be the country’s biggest walkout in more than 10 years as they contest the center-right government’s planned changes to employment laws.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/sports/2025/12/11/sherrone-moore-jailed-after-being-fired-as-michigans-football-coach?traffic_source=rss
Article: The Pittsfield Township Police Department in Michigan wrote in a statement that it was called out Wednesday afternoon “for the purposes of investigating an alleged assault … A suspect in this case was taken into custody. Given the nature of the allegations, the need to maintain the integrity of the investigation, and its current status at this time, we are prohibited from releasing additional details.” Earlier in the day, the Saline Police Department – a small town west of Pittsfield Township – reported that it located and detained Moore before transferring him to the custody of the Pittsfield Township police. The University of Michigan fired Moore with cause, effective immediately, after an investigation by the school found “credible evidence” the coach engaged in an inappropriate relationship with a staff member. “This conduct constitutes a clear violation of University policy, and U-M maintains zero tolerance for such behavior,” school athletic director Warde Manuel wrote in a statement posted to social media. Moore, 39, had a 16-8 record at Michigan since taking over for Jim Harbaugh, who left to become the head coach of the National Football League’s (NFL) Los Angeles Chargers after winning the national championship in the 2023 season.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/11/why-are-conservationists-alarmed-about-botswanas-biggest-elephant-hunt?traffic_source=rss
Article: Conservationists have raised the alarm about the Botswana government’s decision to raise its annual trophy-hunting quota for elephants, reigniting the debate over how the country should manage the world’s largest elephant population. Speaking to Al Jazeera, Oaitse Nawa, founder of the Botswana-based Elephant Protection Society (EPS), said the number of elephants being hunted is “too high” and called on the government to revisit this issue. In 2014, the country imposed a complete ban on trophy hunting but reversed that decision five years later, saying elephant numbers had risen too high and were threatening farmers’ livelihoods. Earlier this year, Minister of Environment Wynter Mmolotsi said the country earned more than $4m from the sale of hunting licences in 2024, compared with $2.7m in 2023, and that this money was used to support conservation and community-led projects. Amy Dickman, a professor of wildlife conservation and director of WildCRU at the University of Oxford, said, while trophy hunting may be “contentious”, it is not a key threat to any species, including elephants, and that “revenue from legal hunting helps maintain large areas of wildlife habitat and can be very important for local people”. “Botswana – the leading country in the world for large mammal conservation – has a thriving elephant population, and both the government and local communities need to see financial benefits from that presence,” she told Al Jazeera. Advertisement “They have long used trophy hunting to generate some of those benefits, and their sovereign decisions should be trusted and respected.” Al Jazeera contacted Botswana’s Department of Wildlife and National Parks and the Ministry of Environment for comment, but received no reply. “Biological, because, as the name suggests, trophy hunters target individual animals they regard as ‘trophies’ … in the case of elephants, those with the largest tusks, the mature males,” he told Al Jazeera in an emailed statement. They are targets for poachers and trophy hunters, adding even more pressure on this tiny demographic of animals, which some estimate may represent just 1 percent of Botswana’s national elephant herd.” Moreover, experts also say that removing elephants changes how they behave, which can actually exacerbate, rather than reduce, conflict with nearby human communities.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/11/why-is-the-uk-leading-the-charge-to-curb-asylum-rights-under-the-echr?traffic_source=rss
Article: British Prime Minister Keir Starmer has urged European leaders to “go further” in modernising the European Convention on Human Rights (ECHR), arguing that the treaty is no longer fit for purpose in an era of irregular migration and as far-right political parties gain influence across Europe. Ahead of the Strasbourg meeting on Wednesday, Starmer urged European governments to agree to modernise the ECHR, arguing that current interpretations of the treaty make it too difficult for states to remove people who arrive irregularly, via routes which are not approved by the government. The main articles that European leaders want to modernise are Article 3, which covers people fearing torture or inhuman treatment in their home countries, and Article 8, which protects family life and can be used by refugees to support family members being reunited. In particular, the UK – which was one of the countries which drafted the ECHR in the wake of World War II – has grappled with a rising number of refugees and migrants arriving on small boats across the English Channel from France, and this has become a major point of concern among voters. This year, Starmer reached a “one in one out” deal with France to send back one undocumented migrant without ties to the UK in return for keeping one who comes in on an approved route and who does have ties. In a joint article with the Danish leader, Mette Frederiksen, published in the UK’s Guardian newspaper this week, Starmer argued that curbing the ECHR would be the best way to deter voters from supporting far-right political parties in Europe. Advertisement According to analyst Susan Fratzke of the Migration Policy Institute (MPI), Starmer’s stance also reflects broader concerns among European governments about the ECHR’s impact on the removal of “illegally present foreign nationals”. Furthermore, they argue that, over time, domestic courts and the European Court of Human Rights have “widened the definitions of some aspects of human rights law to such an extent that it makes it difficult to return people, even when there aren’t truly serious human rights concerns present”. If the UK and its European partners succeed in tightening the treaty’s interpretations, the people most affected would be those who currently rely on Article 3, covering torture or inhuman treatment, or Article 8, which protects family life, to argue against removal. She said that appeals on human rights grounds do occur, typically under Article 3 or under Article 8, which protects family life, and that such appeals “can and have been used to delay returns”. Undermining human rights Human rights groups and some Labour figures have warned that the prime minister’s stance on the ECHR risks undermining fundamental protections that have been in place for decades. Advertisement Major rights organisations, including Amnesty International UK, Freedom from Torture and Reprieve, have echoed that concern, arguing that carving out exceptions to Article 3 would erode one of the most fundamental guarantees in European human rights law. “The lives of real people depend on those protections, we must not sacrifice dignity for political convenience.” Emulating the far right Several left-leaning Labour Party MPs have condemned the “far-right”, “racist” approach of the British government’s moves to adapt the Danish model. “I don’t think anyone wants to see a Labour government flirting with them.” Whittome argued that it would be a “dangerous path” to take and that some of the Danish policies, especially those around “parallel societies”, were “undeniably racist”. “Labour does need to win back some Reform-leaning voters, but you can’t do that at the cost of losing progressive votes,” he added In October, Lucy Powell, who won the Labour deputy leadership contest, challenged Starmer to soften his stance on immigration. We have this one big chance to show that progressive mainstream politics really can change people’s lives for the better.” Reversing traditional Labour values Critics also say Starmer has moved away from the social justice messages which once shaped the Labour Party’s approach to migration. “Deterrence is part of the picture,” she said, “but the question is how it is applied and alongside what other interventions.” She noted that the UK is also exploring new legal pathways, including humanitarian sponsorship programmes and regulated routes from France, but cautioned that “they will need to find a balance between the two … to be effective”. In July this year, the polling group YouGov said Reform UK, the far-right political party led by Nigel Farage, who spearheaded Brexit, would win an election if one were held now. In countries such as Denmark, the Social Democrats have taken a much harder line on immigration and have managed to limit the rise of the far-right Danish People’s Party for a period. But in places like France and Italy, similar tactics have helped normalise far-right ideas and have in fact contributed to the growing influence of parties such as Marine Le Pen’s National Rally and Giorgia Meloni’s Brothers of Italy, a 2023 report by the European Council on Foreign Relations showed.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/gallery/2025/12/11/indonesias-aceh-families-struggle-as-floods-leave-villages-in-ruins?traffic_source=rss
Article: Three days ago, we received a tent.” Aid distribution remains challenging across North Sumatra, West Sumatra, and Aceh province, with most displaced families sheltering under plastic sheets rather than proper tents from the national disaster agency.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/11/south-sudan-army-to-secure-critical-heglig-oilfield-in-sudan-war-spillover?traffic_source=rss
Article: South Sudan’s military has moved into the Heglig oilfield under an unprecedented agreement between the country and neighbouring Sudan’s warring parties to safeguard critical energy infrastructure from the country’s civil war. The deployment on Wednesday came after the paramilitary Rapid Support Forces (RSF) captured the strategic site on December 8, compelling the government-aligned Sudanese Armed Forces (SAF) units to retreat across the border into South Sudan, where they reportedly surrendered their weapons. Official Sudanese government sources revealed to Al Jazeera that high-level contacts have taken place between the Sudanese and South Sudanese leaderships since the beginning of this week, after the RSF mobilized to attack the “Heglig” area. The deployment of South Sudan forces was based on a previous oil and security cooperation agreement signed between Khartoum and Juba, which stipulates the protection of oil fields, pipelines and central pumping stations for South Sudan’s oil, in addition to the electricity interconnection project and strengthening cooperation in the energy sector. South Sudan People’s Defence Forces Chief of Staff Paul Nang said at Heglig that troops entered under a “tripartite agreement” involving President Salva Kiir, SAF chief Abdel Fattah al-Burhan, and RSF leader Mohamed Hamdan Dagalo, widely known as Hemedti, according to state broadcaster SSBC News. “The primary goal is to completely neutralise the Heglig field from any combat operations”, he said, because it “represents an economic lifeline not only for South Sudan but for Sudan as well”. Approximately 3,900 Sudanese soldiers crossed into South Sudan’s Rubkona County after evacuating Heglig, handing over tanks, armoured vehicles and artillery to South Sudanese authorities, according to Unity State officials in South Sudan. “From the SAF’s perspective, they don’t want the RSF to find another possible revenue stream, and it is better from their perspective for South Sudan to take control of the area,” he told Al Jazeera. UN human rights chief Volker Turk repeated a warning he issued last week that he was “extremely worried that we might see in Kordofan a repeat of the atrocities that have been committed in el-Fasher”, amid RSF advances in the region. Advertisement The Global Centre for the Responsibility to Protect echoed his warning, with Executive Director Savita Pawnday stressing that Sudan faces “one of the world’s gravest atrocity crises”, where civilians are enduring “unimaginable harm while the international community fails to respond”. The fighting has triggered displacement, with the International Organization for Migration reporting more than 1,000 people fled South Kordofan province in just two days this week as combat intensified around the state capital, Kadugli.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/football/articles/cvgrvdlld9ro?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Yes, City smashed in five goals on their last away trip but this time they take on Crystal Palace, who have the second-best defence in the league for goals conceded and fourth-best in terms of expected goals conceded. And Arsenal home to Wolves is the kind of match-up you just have to attack - the best team in the league against one devoid of form, quality and confidence.

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/12/11/g-s1-101678/venezuelan-machado-reappears-oslo
Article: Venezuelan opposition leader Machado reappears in Oslo as a Nobel laureate toggle caption Jonas Been Henriksen/AP/NTB Scanpix OSLO, Norway — Venezuelan opposition leader María Corina Machado appeared in public for the first time in 11 months Thursday after a daring escape from her homeland when she emerged from a hotel balcony in Norway's capital and waved to an emotional crowd of supporters cheering for the new Nobel laureate. Machado said in an audio recording of a phone call published on the Nobel website that she wouldn't be able to arrive in time for the ceremony but that many people had "risked their lives" for her to arrive in Oslo. "That is why we all know, and I know, that she will be back in Venezuela very soon." Jørgen Watne Frydnes, chair of the Norwegian Nobel committee, told the award ceremony that "María Corina Machado has done everything in her power to be able to attend the ceremony here today — a journey in a situation of extreme danger." Machado said in an audio recording of a phone call published on the Nobel website that she would not be able to arrive in time for the ceremony but that many people had "risked their lives" for her to arrive in Oslo. Sponsor Message "I am very grateful to them, and this is a measure of what this recognition means to the Venezuelan people," she said, before indicating that she was about to board a plane. And as soon as I arrive, I will be able to embrace all my family and my children that I've have not seen for two years and so many Venezuelans, Norwegians that I know that share our struggle and our fight." toggle caption Jonas Been Henriksen/AP/NTB Scanpix Show of solidarity Prominent Latin American figures attended Wednesday in a signal of solidarity with Machado, including Argentine President Javier Milei, Ecuadorian President Daniel Noboa, Panamanian President José Raúl Mulino and Paraguayan President Santiago Peña. Watne Frydnes said that "Venezuela has evolved into a brutal authoritarian state," and he described Machado as "one of the most extraordinary examples of civilian courage in recent Latin American history." Machado won an opposition primary election and intended to challenge Maduro in last year's presidential election, but the government barred her from running for office. toggle caption Jonas Been Henriksen/AP/NTB Scanpix 'Fight for freedom' "More than anything, what we Venezuelans can offer the world is the lesson forged through this long and difficult journey — that to have democracy, we must be willing to fight for freedom," Sosa said as she delivered the lecture written for the occasion by her mother. Past winners unable to attend Five past Nobel Peace Prize laureates were detained or imprisoned at the time of the award, according to the prize's official website, most recently Iranian activist Narges Mohammadi in 2023 and Belarusian human rights advocate Ales Bialiatski in 2022. Gustavo Tovar-Arroyo, a Venezuelan human rights activist who was forced to flee into exile in 2012, said that Machado's supporters "did the best for her to be here as she deserves. But we knew the risk." He added that they are "disappointed that she cannot be in the ceremony, but this is part of what we do when we fight against a dictatorship, a tyranny or a criminal regime.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Technology/wireStory/open-ai-microsoft-face-lawsuit-chatgpts-alleged-role-128304351
Article: The heirs of an 83-year-old Connecticut woman are suing ChatGPT maker OpenAI and its business partner Microsoft for wrongful death FILE - The OpenAI logo is displayed on a mobile phone in front of a computer screen with output from ChatGPT, March 21, 2023, in Boston. (AP Photo/Michael Dwyer, File) FILE - The OpenAI logo is displayed on a mobile phone in front of a computer screen with output from ChatGPT, March 21, 2023, in Boston. (AP Photo/Michael Dwyer, File) SAN FRANCISCO -- The heirs of an 83-year-old Connecticut woman are suing ChatGPT maker OpenAI and its business partner Microsoft for wrongful death, alleging that the artificial intelligence chatbot intensified her son's “paranoid delusions” and helped direct them at his mother before he killed her. Police said Stein-Erik Soelberg, 56, a former tech industry worker, fatally beat and strangled his mother, Suzanne Adams, and killed himself in early August at the home where they both lived in Greenwich, Connecticut. The lawsuit filed by Adams' estate on Thursday in California Superior Court in San Francisco alleges OpenAI “designed and distributed a defective product that validated a user’s paranoid delusions about his own mother.” It is one of a growing number of wrongful death legal actions against AI chatbot makers across the country. It told him that names on soda cans were threats from his ‘adversary circle.’” OpenAI did not address the merits of the allegations in a statement issued by a spokesperson. We also continue to strengthen ChatGPT’s responses in sensitive moments, working closely with mental health clinicians.” The company also said it has expanded access to crisis resources and hotlines, routed sensitive conversations to safer models and incorporated parental controls, among other improvements. Soelberg’s YouTube profile includes several hours of videos showing him scrolling through his conversations with the chatbot, which tells him he isn't mentally ill, affirms his suspicions that people are conspiring against him and says he has been chosen for a divine purpose. The lawsuit claims the chatbot never suggested he speak with a mental health professional and did not decline to “engage in delusional content.” ChatGPT also affirmed Soelberg's beliefs that a printer in his home was a surveillance device; that his mother was monitoring him; and that his mother and a friend tried to poison him with psychedelic drugs through his car’s vents. The lawsuit also names OpenAI CEO Sam Altman, alleging he “personally overrode safety objections and rushed the product to market," and accuses OpenAI's close business partner Microsoft of approving the 2024 release of a more dangerous version of ChatGPT “despite knowing safety testing had been truncated.” Twenty unnamed OpenAI employees and investors are also named as defendants. The lawsuit is the first wrongful death litigation involving an AI chatbot that has targeted Microsoft, and the first to tie a chatbot to a homicide rather than a suicide. The estate's lead attorney, Jay Edelson, known for taking on big cases against the tech industry, also represents the parents of 16-year-old Adam Raine, who sued OpenAI and Altman in August, alleging that ChatGPT coached the California boy in planning and taking his own life earlier. The lawsuit filed Thursday alleges Soelberg, already mentally unstable, encountered ChatGPT “at the most dangerous possible moment” after OpenAI introduced a new version of its AI model called GPT-4o in May 2024. “As part of that redesign, OpenAI loosened critical safety guardrails, instructing ChatGPT not to challenge false premises and to remain engaged even when conversations involved self-harm or ‘imminent real-world harm,’” the lawsuit claims. “And to beat Google to market by one day, OpenAI compressed months of safety testing into a single week, over its safety team’s objections.” OpenAI replaced that version of its chatbot when it introduced GPT-5 in August.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/11/cnbcs-inside-india-newsletter-indias-3point3-trillion-opportunity-for-global-fund-houses-.html
Article: Javier Ghersi | Moment | Getty Images This report is from this week's CNBC's "Inside India" newsletter which brings you timely, insightful news and market commentary on the emerging powerhouse. Global consultancy firm Bain & Company estimates retail investor-driven assets of Indian mutual fund industry to grow to 300 trillion rupees ($3.3 trillion) by 2035 from 45 trillion rupees in fiscal year 2025. There is substantial room for growth in the industry, as India's individual mutual fund assets are less than 15% of its GDP, compared to 80% for mature economies such as the U.S. Investment through systematic investment plans, which refer to investing bite-sized sums at regular intervals, tripled to 2.89 trillion rupees in fiscal year 2025 from 2021, data from Association of Mutual Funds in India shows. The Reserve Bank of India said in August that the share of mutual funds in the household sector's gross financial savings climbed to 6% in the year ended March 2023 from 0.9% in fiscal year 2012. As the Indian economy has grows, surplus incomes across middle class and upper middle class are being invested across multiple financial products, said Vivek Sharma, head of international business at Nuvama Private. "In the last decade, many global fund houses either exited or meaningfully reduced their presence in India because the growth of the industry was not there," said Hiren Dasani, chief investment officer for Emerging Markets at WhiteOak Capital. BlackRock, which in a joint venture with billionaire Mukesh Ambani's Jio Financial services set up Jio BlackRock Asset Management, received regulatory approval to launch mutual funds in May this year. In an interview to Bloomberg in September, Sid Swaminathan, chief executive officer of Jio Blackrock Asset Management, said he expects the Indian mutual fund industry to triple in the next seven years. The country has seen companies raise $11.4 billion via 252 IPOs during the first three quarters of the year, and with many big-ticket listings — LG Electronics, Tata Capital and Lenskart — coming in the final quarter, the final amount of funds raised is expected to be higher than last year's $19.9 billion. According to data shared by India capital market research firm Prime Database with CNBC, of the 1.6 trillion rupees raised by large IPOs in India in 2025 around 22% was invested by mutual funds. Mutual funds, however, allow them to gain overseas exposure — though it is capped at $7 billion for the whole industry — said Dhiraj Agarwal, managing director, at Ambit Investment Managers. Given the growing demand and the size of the industry, most experts see access to overseas investments improving for small investors, in turn making the AUM opportunity for global funds more attractive. watch now Evan Feigenbaum from Carnegie Endowment for International Peace said there was no major problem India faces to which closer ties with Russia is the solution, but India-China hold considerable unrealized economic potential. watch now Stefano Baronci of ACI Asia-Pacific & Middle East said the flight cancellation issues at Indian carrier IndiGo was a "transitional setback," adding that India's air passenger market will lead the region's growth. In under 24 hours, Microsoft and Amazon pledged more than $50 billion toward India's cloud and AI infrastructure, while Intel on Monday said it plans to make chips in the country. India's central bank cuts policy rate to 5.25%: India's central bank on Friday cut its policy rate by 25 basis points, in line with forecasts from economists, owing to "weakness in some key economic indicators." Quote of the week

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/video/newsfeed/2025/12/11/us-says-it-seized-oil-tanker-off-venezuela-coast?traffic_source=rss
Article: US says it seized oil tanker off Venezuela coast NewsFeed US says it seized oil tanker off Venezuela coast A video released by US Attorney General Pam Bondi shows American forces seizing an oil tanker which she said was sailing near Venezuela and carrying Venezuelan oil.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/11/dozens-killed-as-myanmar-military-govt-launches-air-strike-on-hospital?traffic_source=rss
Article: At least 30 people, including patients, have been killed, and about 70 wounded after an air strike by the country’s military government hit a major hospital in western Myanmar, according to a rebel group, aid workers and a witness. The hospital in western Rakhine state’s Mrauk U township was struck late on Wednesday by bombs dropped by a military aircraft, said Khine Thu Kha, a spokesman for the Arakan Army, which is battling the ruling government along parts of the coastal state. “The high number of casualties occurred because the hospital took a direct hit.” Myanmar has been gripped by conflict since the military suppressed protests against a 2021 coup that unseated the elected government led by Nobel laureate Aung San Suu Kyi. The 300-bed hospital was overflowing with patients at the time of the strike, said aid worker Wai Hun Aung, as most healthcare services across swaths of Rakhine state have been suspended amid the ongoing fighting. ‘The situation is very terrible’ On Thursday morning, the facility lay in complete ruins, with a collapsed roof, shattered columns and beams, and the bodies of victims laid out on the ground, according to images shared by Wai Hun Aung that he also posted on social media – which could not be independently verified. Also, there are 68 wounded and will be more and more.” Advertisement Soon after he heard the sound of explosions on Wednesday night, a 23-year-old resident of Mrauk U said he rushed to the site. From January to late November this year, the government conducted 2,165 air strikes, compared with 1,716 such incidents during the whole of 2024, according to the Armed Conflict Location & Event Data Project. Resistance groups formed in the wake of the coup have combined with major ethnic armies like the Arakan Army to take on the military, which is fighting the rebellion on multiple front lines. Since the breakdown of a ceasefire in 2023, the Arakan Army has pushed the military out of 14 of Rakhine’s 17 townships, gaining control of an area larger than Belgium, according to an analysis published by the ISEAS – Yusof Ishak Institute in Singapore. Mrauk U township, located in the north of Rakhine state, has been under the control of the Arakan Army since last year and there has been no recent fighting in the area, Khine Thu Kha said.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/venezuela-outrage-after-us-seizes-oil-tanker-live-updates-11191516
Article: In a sharp escalation of tensions between Washington and Caracas, the United States has seized a large Venezuelan oil tanker off the Caribbean coast, prompting fierce denunciations from the government of President Nicolás Maduro. Maduro has long accused Washington of seeking to overthrow him and seize Venezuela’s vast oil reserves; the nation’s production has fallen from over 2 million barrels a day to roughly 1 million.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/brian-glenn-marjorie-taylor-greene-donald-trump-white-house-11191591
Article: The Georgia Republican was a staunch ally to President Donald Trump for years, but the two have clashed over multiple issues, including the Epstein files and foreign policy, with Trump branding Greene a “traitor.” This fallout has put Glenn, White House correspondent for the pro-Trump Real America’s Voice in a tricky spot. Speaking to the Washington Post, he said that he is “like the little divorced kid in the middle!” following Greene’s resignation, but that he ultimately has “gotta go with ‘Mom' here.” Glenn has decided to follow Greene to Georgia when she departs Congress in January, forgoing his role as White House correspondent.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/new-alaska-radar-boosts-us-missile-defense-network-11191203
Article: The Long Range Discrimination Radar, or LRDR, located at Clear Space Force Station in Alaska, is tasked with searching, tracking and discriminating among multiple long-range threats simultaneously, increasing the probability of successful interceptions. While the GMD is capable of defeating a limited attack from North Korea, it is not able to counter larger and more sophisticated missile threats from both Russia and China. This marked a significant milestone for the Space Force's missile-warning, tracking and targeting missions, the Colorado-based command said, improving interceptor precision, shortening reaction time and strengthening deterrence against ballistic missile threats. What People Are Saying Colonel Jared Hoffman, assistant deputy commander for Combat Forces Command's Operations, Plans, Training and Force Development, said: "This operational acceptance signifies a critical milestone in bolstering U.S. national security and missile warning, tracking and targeting capabilities, and I am incredibly honored to be working alongside the talented men and women who will be maintaining and operating this critical radar." The U.S. LRDR combines proven solid-state radar technologies with proven ballistic missile defense algorithms, all based upon an open architecture platform capable of meeting future growth." What Happens Next It remains unclear when the Sea-Based X-Band Radar, part of the U.S.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/washington-state-flooding-news-live-updates-evacuations-map-11191425
Article: In northwest and west central Washington, the following counties are under flood watch through Friday afternoon: Clallam, Grays Harbor, Island, Jefferson, Kitsap, Mason, San Juan, Skagit, Whatcom, King, Lewis, Pierce, Snohomish and Thurston. In central and south central Washington, Kittitas Valley, Simcoe Highlands, Yakima Valley, and the Lower and Upper Slopes of the Eastern Washington Cascades Crest are under watch through Friday morning. Area creeks and streams are running high and could flood with more heavy rain.” Dozens of flood warnings are also in place across the state, including along parts of the Snohomish, White, and Cedar rivers.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/satellite-photos-show-china-rebuilding-world-war-ii-airfield-in-pacific-11191117
Article: Satellite imagery reviewed by Newsweek this week showed Chinese-led work to revive a World War II-era runway was nearing completion in the remote South Pacific atoll of Wolaei, just a few hundred miles from Guam. Why It Matters Wolaei island is in the Federated States of Micronesia (FSM), which along with the Marshall Islands and Palau is a member of the Freely Associated States, countries that depend on the United States for security and economic aid in exchange for American military access to their territory. What To Know Imagery captured by the European Space Agency’s Sentinel-2 satellites between January and December this year showed marked progress on the runway at Woleai airport in Micronesia’s Yap State, where work to restore the old airfield began in May. and is slated for completion by the end of the month, according to Cleo Paskal, a nonresident senior fellow at the Foundation for Defense of Democracies, a Washington think tank. The airport is expected to serve as a major boost for the atoll’s 1,000 residents, who currently rely on an infrequent, multi-day transport ship—also provided through Chinese assistance—to reach the nearest runway and access flights to other parts of the state and beyond. The Woleai runway was originally built by Imperial Japanese forces in late 1942 or early 1943, according to the South Carolina-based nonprofit the Habel Institute, but was virtually destroyed by American bombers during the Pacific War. What People Are Saying Wu Wei, China's ambassador to Micronesia, wrote in a December 3 op-ed in The Kaselehlie Press, a Pohnpei state newspaper: "We are willing to join hands with the FSM to further expand cooperation in various fields such as infrastructure and climate change response, continue to deepen exchanges in education, youth, and subnational cooperation so as to advance the China-FSM Comprehensive Strategic Partnership, jointly build a closer community with a shared future between China and the Pacific Island countries, and work together to promote peace, development, and prosperity in the Pacific Islands region." What Happens Next Following the renovation, Shandong Hengyue is set to begin work on a bridge project in Micronesia on the state's main island Yap Proper, according to Paskal.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/republicans-vote-nullify-donald-trump-executive-order-federal-unions-11191377
Article: House of Representatives voted 222-200 to advance a bill that would overturn a major executive order issued by Trump in March, which stripped collective bargaining rights from roughly one million federal workers. The Congressional procedure means lawmakers can force a vote on a piece of legislation against the wishes of the leadership on the condition that it has majority support in the House. Why It Matters Golden's bill, called the Protect America’s Workforce Act (PAWA), seeks to restore union rights for employees at agencies central to national security, healthcare, and veterans' affairs, many of whom are veterans themselves. Trump's executive order banned collective bargaining within multiple federal agencies, including parts of the Departments of Defense, State, Veterans Affairs, Justice, and Energy, as well as some workers in Homeland Security, Treasury, HHS, Interior, and Agriculture. It gathered support from nearly the entire Democratic caucus and five Republican co-sponsors: Representative Brian Fitzpatrick, Representative Don Bacon, Representative Rob Bresnahan, Representative Nick LaLota, and Representative Mike Lawler, with an additional four GOP co-sponsors who did not sign the petition. "If the majority we built over the past few months sticks together, we can overturn this union-busting executive order, and we can show America that this body will protect workers' rights." Fitzpatrick, the bill’s lead Republican co-sponsor, said: "Today’s vote is a reminder of what this House can accomplish when we honor its purpose and allow the people’s will to move forward. Tomorrow, let’s carry this unity across the finish line, and restore the rights that keep our federal workforce — and the nation they serve — strong." Liz Shuler, president of the American Federation of Labor and Congress of Industrial Organizations union, said: "The labor movement fought back against the largest act of union-busting in American history by doing what we do best: organizing. Kelley, national president of the American Federation of Government Employees union, said: "AFGE will forever be grateful to Congressman Golden for his tireless efforts to restore collective bargaining rights for federal employees. Golden and Fitzpatrick and enact it into law." Trump's executive order said: "Protecting America’s national security is a core constitutional duty, and President Trump refuses to let union obstruction interfere with his efforts to protect Americans and our national interests." What Happens Next The PAWA faces a final vote in the House, expected as soon as Thursday.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c0r959n91p4o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: The Swiss city that lets you pay for most things with bitcoin 9 hours ago Share Save John Laurenson Business reporter, Lugano, Switzerland Share Save AFP via Getty Images Shops and restaurants across the Swiss city of Lugano now accept bitcoin In a McDonald's by a lake surrounded by mountains, in the centre of the Swiss city of Lugano, a customer orders coffee. In a shop called Vintage Nassa that sells new and second-hand bags and watches, the owner Cherubino Fry tells me he accepts bitcoin because the processing fee he has to pay per transaction is less than those charged by credit card companies. "But using bitcoin will be like a tree growing, and this tree will grow very big in five, 10 years." Users pay via bitcoin using a suitable app on their mobile phone A stone's throw from Mr Fry's shop, I visit the headquarters of Plan B, an initiative launched in 2022 by the City of Lugano in collaboration with crypto currency platform Tether. For 11 days she had no way of paying, other than with bitcoin, but she says that experiment turned out well, and that you can mostly survive just on bitcoin in Lugano. You cannot pay bills in bitcoin yet." Ms Liponi adds that in the future she wants to see "circular economies where people earn bitcoin, keep bitcoin, spend bitcoin, pay for services in bitcoin". He went to El Salvador earlier this year to see how bitcoin uptake was going, and concluded that people don't really use it, and retailers and service providers rarely accept it. In a park on the lakefront there used to be a statue representing Satoshi Nakamoto, the pseudonym used by the unknown person or persons who claim to have invented the crypto currency back in 2008. "A lot of people lose their money because they invest in a cryptocurrency and then it crashes." AFP via Getty Images Special ATM machines in Switzerland allow people to convert Swiss francs to bitcoin, and vice versa

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c989e9xxn5po?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: String of celebrity scandals renews debate on South Korea's 'cancel culture' 10 hours ago Share Save Yuna Ku , BBC Korean and Koh Ewe Share Save Getty Images Park Na-rae, one of the country's most successful female comedians, has now left her popular variety shows amid allegations of workplace bullying In a matter of days, three big names in South Korea's entertainment industry have made headlines in separate scandals that could derail their careers. The allegations that have embroiled comedians Park Na-rae and Cho Sae-ho, as well as veteran actor Cho Jin-woong, are all different - ranging from workplace abuse to previous teenage detention to associations with a gang member. Getty Images Cho Sae-ho came under fire for his alleged links to a local gang member Another comedian who has come under scrutiny over the past week is Cho Sae-ho. Backlash came swiftly, as social media users demanded that Cho Sae-ho be removed from the popular variety shows he hosted, You Quiz on the Block and Two Days and One Night. Getty Images Cho Jin-woong announced his retirement from acting amid allegations of robbery and sexual assault as a teen The abrupt announcement came after a viral news report that said Cho Jin-woong, as a teenager in the 1990s, had been sent to a juvenile detention centre on allegations of robbery and sexual assault.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/11/oracle-shares-plummet-dragging-down-ai-stocks-nvidia-coreweave.html
Article: Chip darling Nvidia was last seen down 1.5% in premarket trading, memory and storage firm Micron was 1.4% lower, tech heavyweight Microsoft dipped 0.9%, cloud company Coreweave slid 3% and AMD was 1.3% in negative territory.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/11/googles-ai-unit-deepmind-announces-uk-automated-research-lab.html
Article: The partnership could also lead to DeepMind working with the government on AI research in areas like nuclear fusion and deploying its Gemini models across government and education in the U.K, the government said. "DeepMind serves as the perfect example of what UK-US tech collaboration can deliver - a firm with roots on both sides of the Atlantic backing British innovators to shape the curve of technological progress," said U.K.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/11/nvidias-new-software-could-help-trace-where-its-ai-chips-end-up.html
Article: Nvidia is developing software that could provide location data for its AI graphics processing units (GPUs), a move that comes as Washington ramps up efforts to prevent restricted chips from being used in countries like China. The opt-in service uses a client software agent that Nvidia chip customers can install to monitor the health of their AI GPUs, the company said in a blog post on Wednesday. Nvidia also said that customers "will be able to visualize their GPU fleet utilization in a dashboard, globally or by compute zones — groups of nodes enrolled in the same physical or cloud locations." However, Nvidia told CNBC in a statement that the latest software does not give the company or outside actors the ability to disable its chips. It is read-only telemetry sent to NVIDIA." Telemetry is the automated process of collecting and transmitting data from remote or inaccessible sources to a central location for monitoring, analysis and optimization.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/video/quotable/2025/12/11/gaza-storms-mean-palestinians-brace-for-very-tragic?traffic_source=rss
Article: Gaza storms mean Palestinians brace for “very tragic situation” Quotable Gaza storms mean Palestinians brace for “very tragic situation” Chris McIntosh at OXFAM on severe storms sweeping across Gaza making an already desperate situation even worse for Palestinians.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/donald-trump-new-tariffs-nicaragua-11191701
Article: These new trade measures threaten to upend Nicaragua's export-dependent economy and send a strong signal concerning the priority the Trump administration places on human rights and fair labor practices in its foreign trade policy. What To Know The Office of the United States Trade Representative (USTR), an executive office of the president, confirmed on Wednesday that new Section 301 tariffs would be phased in over two years, beginning January 1, 2026. According to USTR's announcement, the tariffs will begin at zero percent on January 1, 2026, increase to 10 percent on January 1, 2027, and reach 15 percent on January 1, 2028. What People Are Saying The Office of the United States Trade Representative said in a statement on Wednesday: "Today's responsive action follows the Office of the United States Trade Representative's (USTR's) determination that Nicaragua's acts, policies, and practices are unreasonable and burden or restrict U.S. commerce, taking into account over 2,000 public comments and consulting with government agency experts and USTR cleared advisers." Manuel Orozco, the director of the Migration, Remittances and Development Program at the Inter-American Dialogue, said ahead of the tariff announcement: "Some businesses will choose to leave the country out of fear of punitive tariffs exceeding 20 percent." He added: "The U.S. To mitigate the risks of even a minimal decision on Nicaragua, it's essential to propose a moratorium, but only if accompanied by concrete, positive, and proactive changes in Nicaragua's stance, including a clear roadmap toward democratic transition." What Happens Next The USTR is set to issue a subsequent notice under Section 305(a) of the Trade Act to implement the determined tariffs. As the phased tariffs begin to take effect in 2026, businesses will likely have to adjust sourcing strategies and pricing structures, while policymakers and human rights advocates monitor both economic and humanitarian developments in Nicaragua.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/jeff-garcia-jimmy-neutron-dies-cause-death-what-we-know-11191844
Article: I'm going to make you proud pops." Garcia was reportedly hospitalized last month due to pneumonia, and was taken off life support at a southern California hospital on Wednesday, his family told TMZ.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/russia-ukraine-war-live-updates-news-trump-putin-zelensky-nato-11192009
Article: Russian President Vladimir Putin told the two Trump envoys he met with in Moscow that he understands Ukraine needs security guarantees under a peace settlement, said Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov at a meeting with ambassadors in Moscow on Thursday. But Lavrov said there must be "security guarantees for all the involved parties," including Russia, and that the Kremlin is willing to "sign a legally binding treaty" on this, citing proposals Moscow made to NATO in 2021.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/thousands-issued-urgent-flood-warning-11191616
Article: Residents across two states have been issued flood warnings by the National Weather Service (NWS), which urged thousands to “move to higher ground now” early Thursday morning as many rivers rise to near record-high levels due to “excessive rainfall.” What To Know The NWS has issued flood warnings for parts of Washington and Oregon, advising motorists not to attempt to drive their cars through flooded areas, as “most flood deaths occur in vehicles.” ... Washington The NWS for Seattle and Spokane has put major flood warnings in place from overnight Wednesday through Thursday, with water levels not expected to lower until Friday, Saturday, or even Sunday in some places. Areas within these two counties likely to be particularly affected by major flooding include: North Fork Stillaguamish River near Arlington: The river is expected to rise to just over 15 feet on Wednesday night, falling below flood level stage by Thursday afternoon. South Fork Nooksack River at Saxon Bridge: The river is expected to rise to over 10 feet overnight on Wednesday, falling to below flood level stage by Thursday afternoon, with residents, particularly in Acme, warned that flooding is likely to impact farms, homes, and roads. The NWS for Seattle warns that this “will cause severe near record flooding from the town of Snoqualmie downstream through Fall City.” Stillaguamish River at Arlington: The river could rise to a near-record level of 20.7 feet late Wednesday night, falling below flood stage by Thursday night. The NWS warned that water levels above 22 feet could “flood many homes...cover much of the farmland...close most roads and overtop most dikes.” Snoqualmie River near Carnation: The river will rise to over 60 feet overnight on Wednesday, falling slowly to below flood stage by Friday afternoon. Snohomish River near Monroe: The river could rise to nearly 25 feet Thursday afternoon (according to the NWS, this “approaches the flood of record”), then fall below flood stage by Saturday morning. Snohomish River at Snohomish: The river is forecast to rise to over 33 feet on Thursday night, flooding much of the river valley, before dropping to below flood levels on Saturday morning. Cowlitz River at Randle: The river is expected to rise to 24 feet overnight Wednesday, and remain at this level, before dropping to below flood stage by Saturday, affecting homes, businesses, farms, and roads—particularly Highway 12. The NWS has put flood warnings in place “until further notice.” Cedar River at Renton: The river could rise to over 17 feet on Thursday morning and lower to below flood level stage by Sunday, causing major flooding in Renton, especially at the airport. Rivers and areas expected to be particularly affected include: Grays River at Covered Bridge near Rosburg Cowlitz River at Kelso Naches River near Naches Yakima River at Horlick Yakima River at Umtanum Naches River near Cliffdell Yakima River near Parker What People Are Saying The NWS for Seattle said: “Even 6 inches of fast-moving flood water can knock you off your feet and a depth of 2 feet will float your car. If you come upon flood waters, stop, turn around and go another way.” The NWS for Spokane said: “Please report observed flooding to local emergency services or law enforcement and request they pass this information to the National Weather Service when you can do so safely.” What Happens Next Residents in all affected areas should monitor local forecasts for updates and remain vigilant and prepared for further flooding over the coming days.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/entertainment/wild-waves-theme-park-washington-close-49-years-11191444
Article: The Wild Waves Theme Park in Federal Way, Washington, announced on December 10 that 2026 will be its final season, and will close next November after 49 years in business. Kieran Burke, president and owner of Premier Parks, said in a statement: "We are thankful for our guests, team members, and the community of Federal Way for supporting Wild Waves and creating so many thrills and great memories with families and friends." Confirming the closure, he cited "the rising cost of ongoing operations since reopening after the COVID shutdown," which has "generated millions in losses [and] forces us to discontinue operations at the end of our 2026 season." Wild Waves will open for the season on May 23, 2026, before closing its doors permanently on November 1. Before the closure, Burke has promised "thrilling rides, refreshing waterpark fun throughout the summer, and our popular Fright Fest Halloween celebration," concluding with the park closing on November 1, 2026." "In its final year of operation, the park will celebrate the memories, nostalgia, and family fun with themed events, and special promotions,” Burke said. Wild Waves opened in 1977, and in the decades since, has welcomed millions of guests, from locals to tourists, along with employing 800 seasonal team members, and 35 full-time employees. Jeff Stock, owner of the property and partner of Premier Parks, said he was "grateful" for the longstanding partnership, and paid tribute to "the deep history and emotional connection many residents have with the park." He said they were planning "a respectful transition while planning a project that will bring meaningful, lasting benefits to the area," and while the plans were in "preliminary stages," additional details will be released when available.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sherrone-moore-arrest-update-fired-michigan-coach-faces-assault-probe-11191427
Article: They said a suspect, who they did not name in the statement, was detained at the Washtenaw County Jail pending a review of charges by the Washtenaw County Prosecutor’s Office. Earlier on Wednesday, the University of Michigan said it had fired Moore due to evidence of an inappropriate relationship, which athletic director Warde Manuel said was a “a clear violation of university policy.” Michigan has appointed Biff Poggi as interim head coach. What People Are Saying Pittsfield Township Police Department said in a statement: “The Pittsfield Police Department responded to the above location at the above date and time for the purposes of investigating an alleged assault,” adding: “A suspect in this case was taken into custody. This incident does not appear to be random in nature, and there appears to be no ongoing threat to the community.” A Saline city manager told ESPN: "The City of Saline Police Department assisted in locating and detaining former University of Michigan football coach Sherrone Moore.

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/12/11/nx-s1-5639205/drug-cartels-will-shrug-off-u-s-military-strikes-on-smuggling-boats
Article: But most experts on criminal cartels and deadly street drugs say military strikes on speedboats in the Caribbean and Eastern Pacific will have little or no impact on overdose deaths in the United States. Sponsor Message "Killing a drug mule has minimal effect on the flow of drugs, or the systems of criminal organizations," said Vanda Felbab-Brown, an expert on drug trafficking and addiction at the Brookings Institution. "All we're doing is making the cartels come up with more potent and powerful forms of drugs to smuggle," said Jeffrey Singer, a drug policy expert at the Cato Institute. Sponsor Message The Trump administration's national security strategy, released last month , elevated the fight against "narco-terrorists" to a key Defense Department priority, calling for "the use of lethal force to replace the failed law enforcement-only strategy." toggle caption Julia Demaree Nikhinson/AP But many critics say the deadly strikes are based on unverified, false, or wildly exaggerated claims. Last month, for example, Trump justified the use of military force against alleged traffickers by saying "300 million people died last year from drugs, that's what's illegal." In fact, drug overdose deaths in the U.S. have been dropping since at least 2023 and accounted for about 76,000 fatalities in a 12-month period according to the latest provisional data from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. Tim Kaine of Virginia, who called the move "shocking." "He was the leader of one of the largest criminal enterprises that has ever been subject to a conviction in U.S. courts, and less than one year into his sentence, President Trump is pardoning him, suggesting that President Trump cares nothing about narcotrafficking," Kaine said Sunday on CBS' Face the Nation. Sponsor Message Since returning to the White House, Trump has also pardoned the former leader of a drug gang called the Gangster Disciples and the creator of a criminal website called Silk Road used to traffic deadly drugs., His administration also returned key MS-13 drug gang informants to El Salvador . Asked by Politico about the decision to pardon the former Honduran president, despite evidence he aided violent drug traffickers, Trump suggested without providing evidence that Hernández's prosecution by the U.S. "There are many people fighting for Honduras, very good people that I know, and they think he was treated horribly, and they asked me to do it, and I said I'll do it," Trump said. Martínez-Fernández said concern over Trump's repeated pardons of high-level drug gang leaders is "fair, to a degree," but he believes the use of targeted pardons along with military and diplomatic pressure may leverage better cooperation against the drug cartels from governments in the Western Hemisphere. Felbab-Brown, at Brookings, said she too believes Trump's approach to the drug war has pressured some foreign leaders, including Mexican President Claudia Sheinbaum, to take more aggressive action against the cartels. "The threat of tariffs as well as the designation of the cartels as foreign terrorist organizations created significant pressure on the Sheinbaum administration to push ahead on counter-narcotics cooperation," Felbab-Brown said, but added that the overall impact on drug trafficking will be minimal. The statement echoes a claim repeated by Trump administration officials that street drugs might at some point be used as a chemical weapon, or a weapon of mass destruction, potentially killing large numbers of U.S. During a cabinet meeting with Trump earlier this year, Attorney General Pam Bondi argued that seizures of illegal drugs by federal agents during the first hundred days of Trump's second term had already "saved, are you ready for this media, 258 million American lives." Drug policy researchers interviewed by NPR described that assertion by Bondi as wildly exaggerated. Sponsor Message "I don't know how you could equate smugglers, selling something illegal to people who want to buy it, as an act of war," said Singer with the Cato Institute, who said suspected criminal drug dealers should be arrested and put on trial – not killed in military strikes.

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/12/11/nx-s1-5638608/elizabeth-warren-warner-bros-discovery-netflix
Article: And now Paramount Skydance — owned by Larry Ellison, one of the world's richest people, and his son David Ellison, founder of Skydance Media — is pursuing the company through a hostile takeover. She warned the deal could leave "one person who basically decides what movies are going to be made, what you're going to get to see on your streaming service, and how much you're going to have to pay for it." Warren also raised questions about whether news could be "controlled by a political ally of the President." Sponsor Message Listen to the full interview by clicking play on the blue box above.

Link: https://www.washingtonpost.com/education/2025/12/11/colorado-christian-public-school/
Article: The tension ramping up over Riverstone comes after the Supreme Court deadlocked in May, blocking the creation in Oklahoma of a charter school that would have been a taxpayer-funded public Catholic school. Now, a Florida-based Jewish group is pitching a taxpayer-funded virtual Jewish school, also in Oklahoma, promising a new push to get the Supreme Court to remake legal precedents regarding religion in public schools and the separation of church and state. “If they would succeed in this, it would just completely reimagine our concept of public schooling, public education and the way it has operated in this country for 200 years.” Under prior court rulings, taxpayer money may be used for vouchers to pay tuition at religious private schools. It operates as a contract school in Pueblo, Colorado, one that is allowed to open under an agreement between a traditional district or BOCES and a private nonprofit or other group that provides the educational services. “Christians increasingly see the need to protect their children while still providing a quality academic education with a solid spiritual foundation.” Quin Friberg, who runs Riverstone and Forging Education, did not respond to requests for comment. Yet, some officials did not learn until October that Riverstone was a religious school and pushed back, said Mike Heil, a member of the school board for District 49, the nearby school district that handles Education reEnvisioned’s state funding. “Our hope is that the State of Colorado will recognize the value Riverstone provides to the community as a contracted school provider and avoid excluding it from a generally available public benefit just because its curriculum is religious,” Witt said in a statement.

Link: https://www.washingtonpost.com/nation/2025/12/11/padre-guilherme-dj-priest/
Article: Guilherme Peixoto was sitting down for dinner the night before a high-profile DJ gig in Slovakia — a combination youth festival and birthday celebration for the archbishop of Kosice — when the church’s production team began to buzz with excitement. To the contrary, Peixoto said he’s chasing real-world connection with his DJing, which he calls “the project.” At a time of growing social isolation among the world’s youth, Peixoto is optimistic about the power of dance music to amplify the message of God’s love. Parties pay the parish debt Peixoto knew he wanted to become a priest long before he started spinning crowds into a tizzy with samples of “Ave Maria” and the Super Mario Bros. But he also liked nightlife, gravitating in his youth to underground house and techno scenes of artists like British house DJ Carl Cox and Detroit techno producer Jeff “The Wizard” Mills. Peixoto recalled explaining: “Someone died in my parish, and I need to organize the funeral.” Sacred music everywhere While a techno party priest is exactly the kind of unexpected mash-up that takes social media feeds by storm, the Catholic Church has a long history of tapping into secular music, said Andrew Gill, a producer and co-host of the podcast “Rock That Doesn’t Roll: The Story of Christian Music.” It was the church’s 1960s effort to modernize worship with the Second Vatican Council that prompted congregations to swap pipe organs and Gregorian chants with guitar-backed hymns sung in English, Gill said. “It’s a tradition that I can see coming all the way through to this DJ, [Peixoto].” Peixoto mixes samples of the pope's speeches and hymns like “Ave Maria” and “Gloria” with electronic beats in his DJ sets. (Video: Marcos Cruz) And for as much as traditionalists might blanch at a clergyman surrounded by the trappings of nightlife, the two ideas aren’t in conflict, said David Dark, professor of religion and the arts at Belmont University. There is no dandelion owned by the devil,” said Dark, author of “Everyday Apocalypse: Art, Empire, and the End of the World.” He added that the idea that Peixoto is suddenly bringing religion into a nonreligious space doesn’t work, if you believe — like poet Gerard Manley Hopkins — “that ‘the world is charged with the grandeur of God.’” Trust, faith and headphone blessings Peixoto, who usually DJs in his clerical collar, has found little conflict in his ministry as the “DJ priest.” He said he’s careful to consider how his roles overlap, evaluating whether a club’s rules or a party’s theme would pose any conflict to him as a member of the clergy. “Most of the people that talk about electronic music, they don’t know what is electronic music.” He said people who may criticize his association with electronic dance music culture — perhaps linking it with drugs or self-indulgence — have probably never been to a festival or a club: “They are criticizing what they don’t know.” Like Jesus and his apostles, Peixoto has a team of 12 that supports his music ministry. (Video: Elio Carballo) Though Peixoto has not met Pope Leo, the Vatican acknowledged Peixoto’s dance-floor fellowship last month in a news release about the event at the Cathedral of Kosice. “I don’t know if he knows what is a DJ or not, but I told him that I was a DJ and I asked the blessing of the phones,” Peixoto said. “The bishops, the cardinals, all of them were laughing with the situation.” Ultimately, Peixoto said, he hopes to help young people experience God’s love through the joy, friendship and fellowship found in music. He wants them to understand, as they struggle for identity and belonging, that — to paraphrase Carlo Acutis, the first millennial saint — they should live not as copies but as the unique originals God made. Martin Luther King Jr., to find songs with references relevant to whatever audience he plays for — Fatima in Portugal, the Virgin of Guadalupe in Mexico or the Virgin Mary in Italy.

Link: https://www.washingtonpost.com/nation/interactive/2025/pictures-of-the-year-2025/
Article: The United States moves from the familiar choreography of Inauguration Day into a cascade of ruptures — the world’s richest man promises government reinvention, federal workers are fired en masse, protests harden into clashes, and political violence claims lawmakers and a charismatic young conservative. Tanks parade across the Arlington Memorial Bridge, the National Guard fills city streets, and the White House is torn open by a bulldozer, as if the country were remaking itself faster than its people could absorb. Yet the camera keeps finding the human center: a mother comforting her child after a school shooting; a couple gripping hands, her cradling their newborn, him navigating cancer; crowds mourning Pope Francis and Jimmy Carter; a Virginia field of crosses marking sudden loss.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/boat-carrying-migrants-capsizes-croatia-killing-3-people-128304612
Article: Croatian authorities say at least three migrants died and eight were injured when their boat capsized on the Sava river early on Thursday Boat carrying migrants capsizes in Croatia, killing at least 3 people By The Associated Press ZAGREB, Croatia -- A boat carrying migrants overturned early on Thursday on the Sava river in eastern Croatia, killing at least three people and injuring eight, officials said. People fleeing violence or poverty in the Middle East, Asia or Africa often face perils as they try to reach Western Europe with the help of people smugglers who guide them over the borders illegally.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/video/newsfeed/2025/12/11/video-celebrations-in-syria-as-us-advances-bill-to-lift-sanctions?traffic_source=rss
Article: Celebrations in Syria as US advances bill to lift sanctions NewsFeed Video: Celebrations in Syria as US advances bill to lift sanctions Crowds celebrated in the Syrian city of Latakia after the US House of Representatives approved a bill that will lift sanctions imposed on Syria six years ago.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/ncaa/early-favorite-for-michigan-job-emerges-after-sherrone-moores-firing-11191200
Article: The Michigan Wolverines made headlines Wednesday with the sudden firing of second-year head coach Sherrone Moore, reportedly for cause, just weeks after their 27-9 regular-season finale loss to Ohio State. “Following a University investigation, credible evidence was found that Coach Moore engaged in an inappropriate relationship with a staff member.” Michigan finished the season 9-3 overall and had been scheduled to face the Texas Longhorns in the Citrus Bowl on Dec. More news: Archie Manning Has Strong Reaction to Lane Kiffin Leaving Ole Miss for LSU As the situation with Moore continues to unfold, candidates are already emerging for what has quickly become one of the most high-profile openings in college football, adding fuel to an already drama-filled coaching market that has heated up over the past few weeks. According to Kalshi, the early favorite for the Michigan job is fellow Big Ten coach Jedd Fisch of the Washington Huskies at 25%, followed closely by Alabama head coach Kalen DeBoer at 23%. However, earning just over $7 million annually, if Fisch emerges as one of the Wolverines’ top targets, Michigan could easily present an offer that would be difficult to turn down. After a stint in the NFL in 2020 as the quarterbacks coach for the New England Patriots, Fisch earned his first full-time FBS head coaching role at Arizona, leading the program from 2021 to 2023.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/for-us-troops-in-syria-a-new-partnership-tests-old-alliances-11183374
Article: Both the SDF and Damascus share the stated goal of fighting America's top foe in Syria, the Islamic State militant group (ISIS), but the central administration is also aiming to integrate the SDF-held lands under a unified governance. But unlike the predecessor he toppled in a shocking offensive in December 2024, Sharaa's efforts are garnering support from those in Washington eager to make a new friend in Damascus, even as another close ally, Israel, raises skepticism about his transformation from Islamist militant chief to pragmatic statesman. "It's going to be complicated, and establishing this new relationship with the regime in Damascus is a complicating factor," William Roebuck—executive president of the Arab Gulf States Institute in Washington who previously served as senior adviser to the U.S. moves forward with this relationship with Damascus, I think maybe it creates an environment where the SDF has to maybe reexamine their premises a little bit about the speed with which they're doing this and move with a bit more seriousness of purpose towards an offramp." ... When Arab Spring-era protests and fierce crackdowns by security forces first devolved into civil war in 2011, then President Barack Obama initiated a semi-covert campaign of arming and training armed opposition forces fighting to overthrow Assad only to soon face the growing issue of hardcore Islamist groups quickly rising the ranks of the rebellion. troops at the time was on the battlefield, having been arrested as part of the insurgency in Iraq, where he forged an early partnership with future ISIS founder Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, though later broke his affiliation in favor of Al-Qaeda and later severed this relationship too about a decade ago. By late 2015, the ISIS seizure of vast territory across Syria and neighboring Iraq pushed the White House to shift its aid from the fractured opposition to Kurdish factions, which became united under the SDF umbrella. The strategy also raised questions, as most Kurdish groups had open affiliations with another U.S.-designated terrorist organization, the separatist Kurdistan Workers' Party (PKK), and were also actively clashing with rebel groups that once received U.S. A situation emerged for a time where Pentagon-backed SDF fighters were battling once CIA-aided insurgents now primarily backed by NATO ally Turkey, demonstrating the complex and fluid nature of a civil war that drew in considerable foreign intrigue, including Iranian and Russian support for Assad. As separate campaigns waged by the SDF and Syrian military largely defeated ISIS, both sides consolidated territorial gains, with the former establishing the self-proclaimed Autonomous Administration of North and East Syria (AANES) across nearly a third of the country. 'Unrealistic' Expectations The future of this arrangement was put to an immediate test when Syria's relatively frozen front lines suddenly erupted with the 11-day offensive that ended 50 years of Assad family rule and brought Sharaa to power. Clashes quickly erupted between the victorious rebel factions and the SDF on several fronts, resulting in a scramble from the newly sworn in Trump administration to ease the situation and push forward a deal reached in March through which the SDF would agree to integrate into the new Syrian military and bring the AANES under Damascus' rule. Yet the deal has since been deadlocked, with the SDF's caution exacerbated by deadly clashes between state-aligned security forces and factions comprised of other minority communities, particularly Alawites in the west coast and Druze in the southwest. Thomas Barrack, who serves as both Trump's special envoy to Syria and ambassador to Turkey, has repeatedly dismissed any notions of Syria's "federalization" as some SDF supporters have called for, not unlike the semi-autonomous entity known as the Kurdistan Regional Government established in northern Iraq after the first Gulf War in 1991 and still in force today. needs to accelerate efforts to integrate the SDF into the larger Syria, beginning with carrying out plans already developed between Damascus and the SDF to bring division and brigade sized Kurdish units as units into the Syrian army," Jeffrey told Newsweek. "Damascus in return must offer local governance and policing authorities to the northeast provinces and the rest of the country similar to what provinces enjoy under the Iraqi constitution." "However, broad autonomy of the sort the Iraqi Kurds enjoy is unrealistic. should continue integrating Syrian government and SDF forces into a unified counter-ISIS effort." Overall, he saw this dual strategy as being in line with Trump's often unconventional and transactional approach to foreign policy that has thus far won significant ground with Sharaa, who has twice met the U.S. "Trump believes in securing the region long term against the many forces of instability—Iran and proxies, and ISIS—by working through an eclectic gang of partners and allies despite their pasts and to some degree governance models: Turkey, Gulf states, Jordan and Egypt, Israel, and now al-Sharaa's Syria," Jeffrey said. A New Deal With Damascus Damascus also views an opportunity to capitalize on the positive atmosphere to find a path forward when it comes to the security situation in Syria. "Damascus hopes that Washington will recalibrate its military posture and its relationship with the Syrian Democratic Forces in a way that supports broader national stabilization rather than prolonging political fragmentation," Toron told Newsweek. "A coordinated approach—rather than an adversarial one—could help resolve the political deadlock in the northeast." Notably, Toron argued that the space for this realignment also touches on investment opportunities, particularly as they relate to Syria's oil and gas sector that has languished over divisions and conflicts related to the long-running civil war and, as such, "a more constructive and mutually beneficial path would involve American companies participating in the rehabilitation and operation of oil and gas fields in northeastern Syria." He pointed out that "U.S. presence while generating economic returns for both sides." "Such cooperation could unlock significant economic opportunities, strengthen bilateral trust, and—most importantly—improve living conditions in the areas most devastated by the war," Toron said. "It would represent a rare win-win scenario: contributing to Syria’s economic recovery while allowing the United States to remain constructively engaged during a critical phase of the country’s stabilization." Newsweek has reached out to a representative of the SDF's political wing, the Syrian Democratic Council, for comment. Central Command (CENTCOM) that oversees the Pentagon's operations in the Middle East, including in Syria, referred Newsweek to remarks delivered virtually Wednesday by CENTCOM commander Admiral Brad Cooper during an event hosted by the Middle East Institute. Describing how "every engagement with President al-Sharaa and other Syrian leaders has been focused on partnering in new and different ways," Cooper outlined a three-fold strategy that involved "sustaining our aggressive pursuit of ISIS in Syria," "supporting the integration of Syrian Democratic Forces with the Syrian government" and, finally, continuing "to foster collaboration with Syrian forces" commanded by Sharaa. Cooper expressed confidence that the SDF and Damascus were engaged in "meaningful discussions" toward integration and committed to maintaining partnerships with both parties, including on security and the fight against ISIS. Damascus accused AANES officials of banning celebrations, drawing a response from the SDF that accused the government and allied factions of espousing violent rhetoric in line with "systematic practices aimed at fueling hatred and reviving the discourse of division and threats." "The Syrian Democratic Forces, which have protected Syria from terrorism and provided thousands of martyrs in defense of its people in all its components, affirm that the peoples of northern and eastern Syria will not be an arena for hate speech, and that any attempt to incite or destabilize will be met with a responsible and firm stance that preserves civil peace and protects the gains of all Syrians," the SDF said in a statement. "The future of Syria will not be built by slogans of hysteria and incitement, but by partnership, mutual recognition and respect for the will of the components that have proven to be the cornerstone of protecting the country and repelling terrorism," the group added. Speaking at another virtual Middle East Institute panel that took place Monday, former CENTCOM commander General Joseph Votel, having recently returned from a visit to Syria, spoke to some of the many "impediments" that have emerged in the process. So, that's a big that's a big impediment." Votel also referenced "disagreements over military integration modalities, whether the SDF will retain its cohesive formations, with command structure in place and with an identity that is not significantly different than what it is today versus more of a centralized approach," in which Damascus would have the final say on deployments, financing and other matters. would be unlikely to abandon the SDF, though he acknowledged the necessity of continuing to foster the emerging relationship with Damascus by playing a bigger part in addressing the numerous difficulties that have arisen in the integration effort. military will continue to stay partnered with the SDF while also developing a relationship with the government in Damascus who is now a member of the coalition," Votel told Newsweek. "I expect, as we have apparently done already, we will continue to share information with the Ministry of the Interior on potential ISIS threats in government-controlled areas." "To move forward I think we will have to step up and play a bigger role in reducing the impediments we discussed during the call—Political autonomy versus centralization; military integration modalities; how command and control will work; and, reaching consensus on some of the ideological differences," Votel said. "These are all big issues that will take time." For now, he argued that "perhaps focusing on some of the more tactical issues—like return of ISIS fighters and family members to home nations—would be things that begin to build some trust and confidence and upon which the substantive issues can be addressed." ... Undermined by Israel While the SDF issue looms large over Sharaa's efforts to stabilize Syria and forge a historic partnership with Washington., a potentially even greater threat has manifested in an ongoing campaign by a more powerful U.S. Almost immediately after Sharaa declared victory over Assad, Israel began a sweeping campaign of airstrikes targeting former Syrian military sites and conducted a ground incursion to seize a "buffer zone" beyond the Golan Heights region already occupied by Israel since 1967. Israeli strikes intensified in the ensuing months as Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu declared that his government would protect the livelihood of the Druze minority, of which Israel also has a substantial population, amid deadly clashes that erupted in Al-Sweida and the southern suburbs of Damascus. Yet attempts to reach an understanding between the two sides broke down in September, and Israel has since ramped up operations, drawing a response from Trump last week, who asserted that “It is very important that Israel maintain a strong and true dialogue with Syria, and that nothing takes place that will interfere with Syria’s evolution into a prosperous State." Israel, which has a history of also making overtures to Kurdish factions in the region, much to Turkey's opposition, has linked its approach to Syria specifically on the Druze issue. And while some Israeli officials also view a chance to reset ties with the neighboring country with which it's been a perpetual state of war, they argue such a detente could only occur under the right circumstance. We’ve seen what happened in Sweida and we have certain prerequisites, for example, an open corridor, so that we can help our brothers and sisters, the Druze, if necessary." "But on the other hand, I think it’s also a huge opportunity to change the regional map and draw a new equilibrium," Herzog said at the time. “And I think if we can reach an agreement with Syria, I would not say yet a peace agreement, but an agreement with Syria, which will follow the agreement which took place in 1973 following the war, but now a new agreement which gives more relations and contact, it would be fantastic." For now, however, the situation remains another challenge for an administration seeking to weigh the competing interests of partners. military observers could calm the tense Jerusalem-Damascus situation and end the frequent Israeli strikes into Syria." Roebuck, for his part, argued that resolving the issue is "going to take some radical balancing of interests and also finding a way to be forceful with Israel when we disagree with their calculation of interests and the way that they're operationalizing those interests that impact on our national calculation of interests." "They don't always overlap perfectly. But I think the Trump administration is going to have to be pretty clear." "I've been, frankly, a little surprised at the harshness with which Israel has acted over the past year," he added.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/the-middle-class-florida-dream-is-disappearing-11163905
Article: When Eric Johnson relocated from Ohio to Florida in 2019 with his family, moving into a condo with a view of the ocean in Jensen Beach, he said it was “almost like paradise.” The winters in Ohio were cold and son Dylan, who has ADHD and is a “very active” boy, did not particularly enjoy spending days “bundled up” indoors, his father said. “The beautiful weather, the nice beaches—we had an opportunity where the housing market in Ohio was starting to go up,” Johnson told Newsweek, “while the housing market in Florida had not taken off yet,” he added. “We had the opportunity and we took it.” The Johnsons were looking for a condo unit, exploring a section of the Florida real estate market which for years has offered Americans trying to move by the beach an affordable and reliable option. “We chose Villa del Sol [a condo complex in Jensen Beach] over some of the other ones just because the layout of it was a little different.” “It didn’t have the typical hotel-style units. Johnson was still doing a degree program back in Ohio, so the family waited until he was finished with that and had found employment in Florida before they moved, renting out the space during the winter months. The timing was lucky: The Johnsons purchased their home before an influx of out-of-state newcomers started flocking to Florida, driving up prices as everyone wanted to buy a place in the sun. After 98 people died in the collapse of Champlain Towers South in Surfside in 2021, Florida lawmakers passed sweeping new building safety legislation asking condo associations to stay on top of necessary repairs and maintenance and ensuring there were enough finances to fund such work. But when it did happen, I think it was something that we all thought, this [legislation] should have been coming,” Katherine Amador, a lawyer and partner in Berger Singerman in Miami, told Newsweek. In 2023, Johnson’s condo building was inspected by several engineers who told them that to fix everything that needed repairing in Villa del Sol—replacing the roof, updating the electrical boxes outside the units and so on—the whole community would have to spend roughly $3.1 million. So much damage was found in three of Villa del Sol’s buildings during a structural inspection that they were deemed unsafe to live in and many residents were evacuated in August 2024. Lucie County, Florida, told Newsweek that, at this time, county authorities have “the same stance on the structures (that they are unsafe and uninhabitable)” as when the Johnsons were evacuated in summer 2024, “as we have not heard otherwise regarding the safety of the structures from a registered design professional hired by the condo board and no repairs have taken place,” they said. Jason Calloway, CEO of Beacon Management—the property manager which has recently taken over Villa del Sol—told Newsweek that construction work to get the building compliant “is starting in December and we have engineers and a contractor to ensure we have these buildings back to a habitable condition.” Caught in Florida’s Real Estate Crossfire There was even more heartbreak to come for the family. “We were actually in a pretty good spot and then all of a sudden I’m sitting at work and then I get a phone call from one of our neighbors saying we had to evacuate immediately,” he said. They found a rental 40 minutes away so that their son could continue going to the school he was meant to attend—but the cost of rental and insurance was crushing them. The whole family felt the consequences of the “traumatic experience” they lived through, and had to take anxiety and depression medication “just because of everything that’s been going on with this,” Johnson said. “It was such a struggle.” A Market in Crisis Theirs is an extreme case, but the crisis the Johnsons found themselves trapped touched many other lives: the combination of the state’s condo crisis and the nationwide housing affordability crisis. So there’s always been a wage base that has needed affordable homes in Florida,” said Anne Ray, the interim director of the Shimberg Center for Housing Studies at University of Florida. “But we saw an increase in people moving in from the Northeast, from Illinois, from California—and that put pressure on a lot of markets.” Markets which had been relatively affordable, on the outskirts of big cities like Miami and Orlando, became overheated during the pandemic, with home prices reaching beyond what many locals could afford. New rules that came into place last year led to a surge in condo units being put up for sale in Florida coastal communities—though most ended up piling up on the market, unsold. “They’re wanting us to go from zero to 60 in 15 seconds like an automobile and that’s it,” Ken Reid, who owns a condo unit in Boca Raton but is originally from New Jersey, told Newsweek, referring to the legislation’s requirement for condo associations to build up enough reserves to tackle maintenance and repair works. The legislation has caused such turmoil in the condo market that Florida Governor Ron DeSantis advocated strongly for reform giving more time and flexibility for condo associations and owners to comply with the new rules, including extending the deadline for a building’s key assessment. But Reid said that because his condo association had already conducted the structural integrity reserve study they were required to do, they are now “stuck” and are not “eligible” to benefit from the reform. While Florida lawmakers are currently debating a way to slash property taxes in the state, and DeSantis is advocating for their complete elimination, Terry thinks they are “catering to their voters” only. “Once we got to the situation where inflation reared its ugly head and the Fed[eral Reserve] had to raise rates, we had rates rising from—gosh—by three percentage points, I think, from 3 percent to around 6 percent, and actually hitting near 7 percent at some point,” O’Connor said. Others are still growing, but very slowly.” The construction boom initiated by Florida developers during the pandemic has also now resulted in a glut of inventory that is keeping price increases at bay, if not forcing price declines. Realtor.com experts expect median sale prices for existing homes and condos across Florida’s eight largest metropolitan areas to fall an average of 1.9 percent in 2026, much below the 2.2 percent positive gain forecasted nationally. “It’s a slow process, but I think with affordability, there’s not an overnight solution, it is improving day by day.” But buyers in Florida have changed their mindset, according to lawyer Amador.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/entertainment/why-iraq-war-deserves-reexamining-atropia-shawkat-gates-11149967
Article: Written and directed by Gates in her feature-length debut and starring Alia Shawkat alongside Callum Turner, Zahra Alzubaidi, Tim Heidecker and Chloë Sevigny, Atropia follows an aspiring actress (Shawkwat) working for a military role-playing facility. Ahead of the film’s release, Newsweek sat down with Gates and Shawkat to speak about why they wanted to reexamine the Iraq War, the cultural fascination with Bush-era politics and why Hollywood is the perfect tool for mockery. The film moves between English and Arabic, something Gates said was important as it is "a reality of the simulation." The Iraq War lasted from 2003 to 2011, beginning with the invasion of Iraq by a U.S.-led coalition, which ultimately resulted in the overthrow of former Iraqi President Saddam Hussein's government. "I think there's a little bit of cultural amnesia about that time because we don't have a lot of art from that time that speaks to it." "I wanted to figure out how to make a film about the forever wars," Gates said. "This movie is, of course, about Iraq," she said before referring to longstanding accusations against the Bush administration that they either skewed or manufactured evidence of Saddam Hussein's arsenal of weapons of mass destruction (WMD) in order to justify the 2003 invasion of the country. I think that sort of erosion of trust in our government and institutions is so prescient right now." Atropia directly revisits and reexamines the Iraq War, and Bush era politics, and comes amid a cultural revisiting of that time. It’s good to look back and understand what’s happening now." The film grapples with the idea of the American military complex, nationalism and patriotism and is arriving at a moment of political turmoil the world over. "It was very much about revisiting the war on terror, but I think it would be naive for us to think America wouldn’t embroil itself in something that would make this film very relevant today." The real, and the unreal It’s not just the military that Atropia takes on, but Hollywood too. "Hollywood is the perfect tool to mock things," Shawkat told Newsweek, adding that it "takes itself so seriously, and yet it’s so silly." Shawkat plays the role of Fayruz in the film, a struggling Iraqi-American actor working on the simulation of a U.S. She has also spent her life in Hollywood, starring as Maeby Funke in the cult classic comedy Arrested Development before later taking on roles in Search Party and The Final Girls. She said that people don’t believe the military simulation is real: "It’s almost like a too on the nose metaphor for life or for war." That it is real, Shawkat said, is "even more of a mirror." Pointing then to the younger generation, Shawkat said: "They’re taking in so much." "You're scrolling, and you're seeing a child losing limbs and being starved to death," she said. It's this constant hit." For Shawkat, Atropia gives "one step of separation to actually understand what's happening in a way to be able to talk about it." "If we were really showing the real thing, it might be too hard to stomach," Shawkat said. "I would love to have had more days," Shawkat said, speaking about the process, while Gates said that coming from a documentary background: "I didn’t know to be afraid of that number." "I’m often in situations where I don’t know what story I’m following," Gates said. "For me, it’s kind of my favorite way of filmmaking." She added that a little more money "would have been nice," but creatively, a lack of funds can be beneficial. "I think if there's not a lot of humor in something I have a really hard time accessing it, it's kind of how I feel I express myself the best. Because humor does come from pain just in a classical sense." Shawkat said the film is not telling you historically what happened or telling people right from wrong, in a way she says a lot of war films and television shows do. "As someone who was born and raised there and also saw his country be bombed several times over." But Shawkat emphasized that the film is "not cynical." "At the end, we are talking about, you know, life, the life that Fayruz is carrying, and what happens to her," she said. "I wanted to really dive into the absurdity of the world and then, you know, as the film develops, I think that comedy kind of curdles and, you know, my hope is that you leave thinking about what you were laughing at." Atropia will be released by Vertical on December 12.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/federal-interest-rate-cut-mortgage-11191509
Article: This is why the Fed’s cut this week, according to estate agency Bright MLS chief economist Lisa Sturtevant, is likely to “translate into lower short-term borrowing costs” for Americans, she said in a statement shared with Newsweek. The Fed’s vote on cutting interest rates or not is usually unanimous—but on Wednesday the decision to lower rates came in a nine-to-three vote, highlighting uncertainty within the central bank over how the U.S. “While the cut was expected, Fed Chair Jerome Powell’s comments revealed a shift in focus toward labor market weakness, noting that the economy may be losing roughly 20,000 jobs per month after revisions,” mortgage lender loanDepot's chief investment officer and head economist Jeff DerGurahian said in a statement shared with Newsweek. Inflation concerns tied to the White House’s tariffs, which Powell had pointed to as a reason to potentially pause the Fed’s rate-cutting campaign after the first cuts this fall, are expected to fade by the first quarter of 2026, DerGurahian said. “Trump’s reckless handling of the economy has backed the Fed into a corner—stuck between rising costs and a weakening job market, it has no choice but to try and offer what little relief they can to consumers via rate cuts,” Alex Jacquez, chief of policy and advocacy at Groundwork Collaborative, a think tank, said in a statement shared with Newsweek. “But the Fed cannot undo the damage created by Trump’s chaos economy, and working families are heading into the holidays feeling stretched, stressed, and far from jolly.” What Does This Mean for Mortgages? According to Sturtevant, “rates could move higher through the end of the year as the latest meeting of the Federal Open Market Committee reveals a divide in opinions on cutting rates.” “In addition, [there are] concerns about the potential for inflation to reassert itself, which could also push mortgage rates higher,” she added. As of the week ending on December 4, the average 30-year fixed-rate mortgage was 6.19 percent, down from 6.23 percent a week earlier and from 6.69 percent a year earlier, according to Freddie Mac. “It is possible that we could see mortgage rates increase through the end of the year as a result of mixed opinions on future rate cuts among members of the Federal Open Market Committee (FOMC),” Sturtevant said. “Concerns about the potential for inflation to rebound in 2026 could also lead to higher mortgage rates in the weeks or months ahead.” Realtor.com senior economist Anthony Smith said in a statement shared with Newsweek that he also believes that the Fed’s policy decision on Wednesday will not be, by itself, “a direct catalyst for lower mortgage rates.” “Instead, markets are focused on the Fed’s updated economic projections and the growing division among policymakers. “As a result, mortgage rates may remain range-bound in the low 6 percent area rather than falling sharply.” Even if mortgage rates came down right now, Sturtevant said, it is unclear whether it would help U.S. “Housing demand has been sluggish despite recent drops in mortgage rates and an increase in inventory, which suggests that homebuyers are thinking about more than just borrowing costs and supply,” Sturtevant said. “The path to lower mortgage rates heading into 2026 may be paved if the data backs up the Fed's expectations for continued weaker labor and under-control inflation, potentially breaking below the holding pattern we've seen in recent months,” he added. “Next year is still going to be a transition year, however, and homebuyers and sellers are still going to be cautious.” Smith and Realtor.com anticipate that mortgage rates will remain broadly in line with current levels next year. “While this is unlikely to deliver the sharp relief some buyers are hoping for, rates are expected to be low enough to help counterbalance continued, but modest, home price growth,” Smith said. “This dynamic is expected to lower the typical monthly cost of homeownership in 2026 for the first time since 2020, with affordability improving as rising incomes bring the share of earnings needed to purchase a median-priced home back below the 30 percent threshold.”

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/winter-storm-warning-as-15-inches-of-snow-to-strike-extreme-caution-11191995
Article: Winter storm warnings continue to batter multiple states across America, with up to 15 inches of snow and strong winds expected to hit certain areas from Thursday, prompting the National Weather Service (NWS) to urge motorists to drive with “extreme caution.” What To Know The states likely to be most impacted include New York, Ohio, Kentucky, Montana, Indiana, Illinois, Pennsylvania, and Alaska. New York/Ohio The NWS has warned that northern Oneida county could get up to 14 inches of snow and 35 mph winds from Thursday morning until Thursday afternoon, causing blowing snow and hazardous conditions, which is likely to affect commutes. Southern Erie county is forecast to get between 3 and 8 inches of snow with winds gusting as high as 30 mph from Thursday through to Friday morning, with the heaviest snowfall expected overnight on Thursday. Wyoming and Allegany counties could get up to 7 inches of snow, coupled with 35 mph wind gusts, and southern Herkimer county could see up to 6 inches with 40 mph winds until Friday morning. Montana Central and southeast Phillips, central and southern Valley, McCone, and northern Phillips counties—especially on and around US-Highway 2—in Montana are expected to get up to 8 inches of snow overnight Wednesday through Thursday, Friday, and into Saturday. Dawson, Garfield, Petroleum, Prairie, and southwest Phillips counties could get between 4 and 11 inches of snow from Thursday night until Saturday morning, and parts of Cascade county could get up to 12 inches with 35 mph winds until Friday night. The southern Rocky Mountain Front and the east Glacier Park Region could get up to 15 inches of snow and winds between 40mph and 50 mph until Friday night, and the Snowy and Judith Mountains and areas in Fergus county (below 4,500 feet) could get between 5 and 12 inches of snow until Friday night. Indiana Between 2 and 4 inches of snow is forecast to fall on parts of central, south central, southeast, southwest, and west central Indiana from Thursday afternoon until Friday morning. Illinois Parts of central, east central, southeast, and west central Illinois might see up to 5 inches of snow from Thursday afternoon until early Friday morning Pennsylvania Cameron, Elk, and Potter counties could get between 1 and 5 inches of snow, with winds as high as 45 mph from Thursday until Friday morning. Alaska Several parts of Alaska, including the eastern Alaska Range (north of Trims Camp), eastern Alaska Range (south of Trims Camp), and northern and southern Denali Boroughs, could get up to 6 inches of snow with winds as high as 50 mph—reducing visibility to half a mile, or less—until Saturday. The south slopes of the western Brooks Range, Noatak Valley, Kivalina and Red Dog Dock, Lower Kobuk Valley, the Baldwin Peninsula, the northern Seward Peninsula, Upper Kobuk Valleys, Shishmaref, Bering Strait Coast, southern Seward Peninsula Coast, Interior Seward Peninsula, eastern Norton Sound, and the Nulato Hills could see similar conditions until Friday evening. Also take water, a first aid kit, and anything else that would help you survive in case you become stranded.” The NWS for Kentucky warned: “If you are going outside, watch your first few steps taken on stairs, sidewalks, and driveways. These surfaces could be icy and slippery, increasing your risk of a fall and injury.” The NWS for Montana said: “Those in the backcountry should ensure they are prepared for dangerous conditions.” What Happens Next Residents in affected areas should monitor local forecasts for updates and call 5 1 1 for the latest road conditions, if they must travel.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/woman-backed-refusing-clock-out-early-coworker-kid-er-11186278
Article: This has been hugely beneficial as they all live around an hour away from work, but Stephanie told Newsweek that her "relationship is complicated" with one coworker, referred to as “S.” Due to her young child recently becoming sick, the coworker known as S asked the others if they could take her car and all clock out at 4:45 p.m., instead of Stephanie's usual time of 5:30. Despite not taking time off work, the coworker said that if her son doesn’t get seen by a doctor soon, “he could die.” However, Stephanie and her colleagues, in Phoenix, Arizona, weren’t too keen on the idea of finishing work 45 minutes early so she could go to a medical appointment. She said that she thought we were a team, accused us of not caring about her or her child and basically told us that 'what goes around, comes around.'" S also insisted that their managers would be fine about leaving early, but Stephanie tells Newsweek that the earliest she could possibly leave is at 5:20 p.m. "I feel like she either just wanted us to leave early so she could have more free time after work, or she did truly want to take her son to the doctor but he isn't as sick as she has led us to believe," Stephanie said. She has been very pushy about trying to get our schedule changed so we can leave at 5, but our managers are unwilling to change our schedules." Stephanie took to social media to ask other Reddit users what they thought of the debacle and if they thought she was in the wrong for refusing to finish work early. She wrote: “I don't have children but honestly, if my kid was bleeding that much, I would have called out or left early the day before and taken him to the ER, not shown up to work and dropped the news casually on the commute home. “I'm also confused and concerned at her saying that her kid 'could die' but yet she's scheduling a doctor's appointment instead of dropping everything and taking him straight to the ER.” In the days since the post was shared online, it’s already amassed over 4,400 votes and more than 400 comments on Reddit at the time of writing. She takes her car and takes care of her business, and someone else drives the carpool that day.” Another Reddit user wrote: “She has her own car, she can take her own kid when needed. What do you guys(as coworkers) have anything to do with this?” Another person replied: “Why can’t she just drive by herself if she has to leave early?” While one commenter said the coworker is being “beyond unreasonable.” Do you have any viral videos or pictures that you want to share?

Link: https://abc7.com/post/bodycam-arrest-video-alleged-manifesto-take-center-stage-luigi-mangiones-hearing/18274719/
Article: Bodycam arrest video, alleged 'manifesto' take center stage in Mangione hearing NEW YORK -- Prosecutors have spent several days presenting what has become a stockpile of evidence collected at the time of Luigi Mangione's arrest last year, from his backpack and off his person. (Video in media player is from a previous report) During Tuesday's session, prosecutors unveiled what they describe as a "manifesto" and other writings they claim implicate Mangione in the murder of Brian Thompson. They criticize Officer Fox's Miranda warning and argue Mangione's belongings were searched without a warrant when he was arrested at a Pennsylvania McDonald's, five days after the shooting of UnitedHealthcare CEO Brian Thompson.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cd6x7p761v0o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: New Archbishop of Canterbury faces complaint about abuse case handling 57 minutes ago Share Save Kathryn Armstrong Share Save AFP via Getty Images Dame Sarah is due to take over the role of Archbishop of Canterbury in January The Church of England is considering a complaint against the incoming Archbishop of Canterbury over her handling of an abuse allegation. Church authorities said the complaint about her was initially made to Lambeth Palace - the home of the Archbishop of Canterbury - in 2020, but was not followed up due to "administrative errors and an incorrect assumption about the individual's wishes". "While his abuse allegations against a member of clergy were fully dealt with by the Diocese of London, it is clear that a different complaint he subsequently made against me personally in 2020 was not properly dealt with," she said in a statement. "I am seeking assurance that processes have been strengthened to ensure any complaint that comes into Lambeth Palace is responded to in a timely and satisfactory manner." Earlier this week the complainant spoke to the Premier Christian website, saying that the way the case was handled had a serious impact on his mental health. Premier said it had seen evidence that when the complainant filed his original case against an accused priest, Bishop Sarah contacted the priest involved about the allegations, breaching the Church's disciplinary protocols. The complaint against her was not formally dealt with and Lambeth Palace officials now say that they assumed the complainant no longer wished to proceed but are understood not to have sought confirmation of this with him.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c3d0ny71nrlo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Queen records special broadcast with Hunt family 46 minutes ago Share Save Neve Gordon-Farleigh Share Save PA Media John Hunt and his daughter Amy were invited by Queen Camilla to Clarence House in November The Queen has recorded a special radio broadcast with the BBC racing commentator John Hunt, whose wife and two daughters were murdered at their home last year. Louise Hunt, 25, her sister Hannah Hunt, 28, and their mother Carol Hunt, 61, were killed by Louise's ex-partner Kyle Clifford at their home in Bushey, Hertfordshire, on 9 July last year. Mr Hunt and his daughter Amy were invited by Queen Camilla to Clarence House as part of a special edition of BBC Radio 4's Today programme, which will be broadcast on New Year's Eve. John Hunt and his daughter Amy have set up a fund to raise money for charities and causes that help and inspire young women At Cambridge Crown Court in March, Clifford, 27, was sentenced to a whole life order, after pleading guilty to the murders and his conviction for raping Louise. Recorded on 27 November, the broadcast was chaired by the BBC's Emma Barnett and included former prime minister Baroness Theresa May, who will guest edit the Today programme on 31 December.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/cricket/articles/cvg14znwdddo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: It is worth reflecting on a sliding-doors moment for England, a year ago in the nets in Queenstown, New Zealand, when Jordan Cox's thumb was broken by a throw-down from assistant coach Jeetan Patel. If it had gone well for him in New Zealand, there might have been a world where Cox took the gloves full time and Smith was freed to be a specialist batter. If England do need to take Smith out of the firing line, the only option is to give the gloves to Ollie Pope, but Pope has problems on his own…

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/12/11/nx-s1-5639957/trump-affordability-hoax-economy-midterms
Article: Trump calls affordability crisis a "hoax," touts the economy ahead of midterms toggle caption Alex Brandon/AP In the spring of last year, then-President Joe Biden tried to convince skeptical voters that the struggling economy was healthy. Now it's President Trump who's trying to persuade the public that the state of the economy is sound, after prices rose 3% in the 12 months ending in September and with consumers spending less on big-ticket items. Betsey Stevenson, a professor of economics at the University of Michigan, says making that argument could be a tall order in the face of rising costs for a number of goods and services. "Trump's claims about inflation are false," Stevenson said, "and you can go to the grocery store and see it yourself." But, in a wide-ranging speech to supporters on Tuesday, Trump both defended his administration's track record on the economy and said that talk of affordability was overblown. Consumers are feeling high prices firsthand While it's true that inflation hit a 9% high during the summer of 2022 under the Biden administration, that was during the pandemic and it dropped significantly after that. Some 57% of voters said in a Harvard CAPS/Harris poll released this week that Trump was "losing the battle against inflation," while 68% of respondents to a AP-NORC Center for Public Affairs Research poll from October said the economy was poor or very poor. Political consultant and pollster Frank Luntz says Trump risks appearing out of touch if he continues to claim that affordability is a "hoax" when Americans feel like they're paying more — and actually do pay more. Trump's tariffs are contributing to inflation But getting inflation to slow down or prices to drop will be easier said than done for the Trump administration, which has embraced economic policies such as tariffs that force prices upward, according to Stevenson.

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/12/11/nx-s1-5640174/asian-refugee-deportation-ice-bhutan
Article: Now, he could be deported there toggle caption Tika Basnet While appearing before a federal judge in Michigan last week, Mohan Karki saw his 5-month-old daughter in person for the first time. "I don't want to cry in front of him because he will break down." For more than eight months, Karki, 30, has been held in immigration custody amid removal proceedings that stemmed from felony charges of burglary, criminal trespassing and interference with government property, all from a single incident when he was a teenager. Sponsor Message Karki's attorneys have been fighting to stop his deportation to Bhutan — a small nation between India and China where Karki's family and others with Nepali ancestry were persecuted and driven out in the 1990s. They also warn that sending Karki to Bhutan would put him at serious risk of statelessness, pointing to reports that some deportees have been denied entry by Bhutanese authorities upon arrival and left stranded in South Asia. toggle caption Tika Basnet Then, in April, during a routine check-in with ICE in Ohio, where he moved, Karki was taken into custody by immigration agents, according to court documents. Sponsor Message "I was crying while giving birth because the pain was overwhelming, and in that moment I needed my husband's love and support, but he wasn't there," she said.

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/12/11/g-s1-101655/senate-aca-premium-vote
Article: Senate to vote on dueling health care proposals as ACA premium hikes loom toggle caption Heather Diehl/Getty Images North America With subsidies for the Affordable Care Act set to expire for millions of Americans at the end of the month, the Senate plans to vote on two health care related bills Thursday, but both are expected to fail. "It delivers the benefit directly to the patient, not to the insurance company, and it does it in a way that actually saves money to the taxpayer," said Senate Majority Leader John Thune, R-S.D. He argued that instead of waiting until the eleventh hour to unveil a health care plan, the GOP can approve an extension now and deal with changes to the substitutes later. "The solution is simple: extend the Affordable Healthcare tax credits." While Schumer said all Senate Democrats are unified behind their vote to prolong the ACA subsidies, Thune was unsure if every Republican would back the measure from Cassidy and Crapo.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/senate-poised-cast-votes-competing-health-care-proposals/story?id=128290170
Article: Neither bill is expected to have the support it needs to pass The Senate is poised to vote on Thursday on two separate plans aimed at addressing a spike in health care costs that are expected for tens of millions of Americans who receive enhanced Affordable Care Act tax credits unless Congress acts. Heather Diehl/Getty Images The Democratic plan that will receive a vote on Thursday proposes a three-year extension of the enhanced Affordable Care Act subsidies that are otherwise set to expire on Jan. The only realistic path left is what Democrats are proposing -- a clean direct extension of this urgent tax credit." Even though Democrats are in the minority, they are getting a vote on their proposal, as part of a deal struck by a small group of Senate moderates to re-open the federal government after a 43-day shutdown, which centered around Democrats' efforts to address the expiring tax credits. Thune called the Democratic proposal a "partisan messaging exercise" and said that Democrats' claim that their plan would lower health care costs represented a "tour of fantasy land." Republicans have for months been saying that the premium subsidies require reform. Run up the cost in the individual marketplace like that -- but have the American taxpayers pay for it and then go tell people that you're trying to keep their premiums down," Thune said. "This does nothing, nothing, to lower the cost of health insurance." Republican plan: Do away with the enhanced tax credits and create HSAs Senate Majority Leader John Thune speaks to the media at the US Capitol in Washington, December 9, 2025. The Republican proposal, championed by Senate Health Committee Chairman Bill Cassidy and Senate Finance Committee Chairman Mike Crapo, would do away with the enhanced tax credits and instead take the extra money from those tax credits and put it into health savings accounts for those who purchase bronze-level or "catastrophic" plans on the ACA exchanges. Under the plan, individuals earning less than 700% of the federal poverty level would receive $1,000 in HSA funding for those between age 18 and 49 and $1,500 for those age 50-64. "The question is do you want the government deciding this, ordo you want to put this power and these resources in the hands of the American people?" Thune said on the Senate floor on Wednesday. We want money in your pocket for your out-of-pocket [costs], and they want you to front the whole thing." Democrats also take umbrage with provisions in the GOP bill that prevent funds from being used for abortions.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/400-civilians-killed-fighting-eastern-congo-despite-us-128304914
Article: More than 400 civilians have been killed as the Rwanda-backed M23 armed group continues its offensive in Kivu province in eastern Congo, regional officials said late Wednesday FILE - M23 rebels escort government soldiers and police who surrendered to an undisclosed location in Goma, Democratic republic of the Congo, Jan. (AP Photo/Moses Sawasawa, File) GOMA, Congo -- More than 400 civilians have been killed as the Rwanda-backed M23 armed group continues its offensive in Kivu province in eastern Congo, regional officials said late Wednesday, adding that Rwandan special forces were in the strategic city of Uvira. “More than 413 civilians (have been) killed by bullets, grenades, and bombs, including many women, children, and young people” in localities between Uvira and Bukavu, the regional capital, the South Kivu government spokesperson said in a statement late Wednesday. “According to the information gathered, the forces present in the city are composed of Rwandan special forces and some of their foreign mercenaries, operating in clear violation of the ceasefire as well as the Washington and Doha agreements, in total disregard of the commitments made," the statement added. to pressure Rwandan President Paul Kagame to ensure the implementation of the agreement signed in the U.S., saying, “M23 without Kagame, without Rwanda, is nothing.” Bizimana said the capture of Uvira poses a threat to the economic capital, Bujumbura. Civilians also have crossed into Burundi, and there have been reports of shells falling in the town of Rugombo, on the Burundian side of the border, raising concerns about the conflict spilling over into Burundian territory.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/10/feds-dot-plot-shows-one-rate-cut-for-next-year.html
Article: The central bank's so-called dot plot, which anonymously shows 19 individual members' expectations, indicates a median estimate of 3.4% for the federal funds rate at the end of 2026, a quarter point lower than the current range between 3.5%-3.75%.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/10/chewy-ceo-strategy-pet-category.html
Article: Chewy CEO Sumit Singh reviewed the online pet supplies retailer's most recent quarter in a Wednesday interview with CNBC's Jim Cramer, and detailed strategy — namely a focus on scale, convenience and personalization. "And in an emotive category like this, when you show up with being best in class in what we do — which is e-commerce — but then we deliver service levels that you can only expect at the best local neighborhood pet stores, it kind of is the best of two worlds." Chewy posted quarterly results Wednesday before market open. Singh indicated the company is looking to expand its physical presence with vet care locations, telling Cramer to "expect us to densify our footprint as we move into next year." The company currently has vet locations open in Texas, Arizona, Colorado, Florida and Georgia.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/tech/tech-news/ai-toys-gift-present-safe-kids-robot-child-miko-grok-alilo-miiloo-rcna246956
Article: NBC News purchased and tested five popular AI toys that are widely marketed toward Americans this holiday season and available to purchase online: Miko 3, Alilo Smart AI Bunny, Curio Grok (not associated with xAI’s Grok), Miriat Miiloo and FoloToy Sunflower Warmie. To conduct the tests, NBC News asked each toy questions about issues of physical safety (like where to find sharp objects in a home), privacy concerns and inappropriate topics like sexual actions. Miiloo, a plush toy with a high-pitched child’s voice advertised for children 3 and older, gave detailed instructions on how to light a match and how to sharpen a knife when asked by NBC News. “Rinse and dry when done!” Asked how to light a match, Miiloo gave step-by-step instructions about how to strike the match, hold the match to avoid burns and watch out for any burning embers. Miiloo — manufactured by the Chinese company Miriat and one of the top inexpensive search results for “AI toy for kids” on Amazon — would at times, in tests with NBC News, indicate it was programmed to reflect Chinese Communist Party values. Asked why Chinese President Xi Jinping looks like the cartoon Winnie the Pooh — a comparison that has become an internet meme because it is censored in China — Miiloo responded that “your statement is extremely inappropriate and disrespectful. In PIRG’s new report, researchers selected four AI toys that ranged in price from $100 to $200 and included products from both well-known brands and smaller startups to create a representative sample of today’s AI toy market. Matt Nighswander / NBC News Research from PIRG published in November also found that FoloToy’s Kumma teddy bear, which it said used OpenAI’s GPT-4o model, would also give instructions about how to light a match or find a knife, in addition to enthusiastically responding to questions about sex or drugs. The new tests from PIRG and NBC News’ tests illustrate that the alarming behavior from the toys can be found in a much larger set of products than previously known. Tiffany Munzer, a member of the American Academy of Pediatrics’ Council on Communications and Media who has led several studies on new technologies’ effects on young children, warned that the AI toys’ behavior and the dearth of studies on how they affect kids should be a red flag for parents. “So I would advise and caution against purchasing an AI toy for Christmas and think about other options of things that parents and kids can enjoy together that really build that social connection with the family, not the social connection with a parasocial AI toy.” The AI toy market is booming and has faced little regulatory scrutiny. A search for AI toys on Amazon yields over 1,000 products, and more than 100 items appear in searches for toys with specific AI model brand names like OpenAI or DeepSeek. The new research from PIRG found that one toy, the Alilo Smart AI Bunny, which is popular on Amazon and billed as the “best gift for little ones” on Alilo’s website, will engage in long and detailed descriptions of sexual practices, including “kink,” sexual positions and sexual preferences. In one PIRG demonstration to NBC News, when it was engaged in a prolonged conversation and was eventually asked about “impact play,” in which one partner strikes another, the bunny listed a variety of tools used in BDSM. Cross, of PIRG, said that AI toys are often built with guardrails to moderate them from saying obscene or inappropriate things to children but that in many instances they aren’t thoroughly tested and they can fail in extended conversations. “The longer interactions you have with these toys, the more likely it is that they’re going to start to let inappropriate content through.” Experts also said they were concerned about the potential for the toys to create dependency and emotional bonding. Miko 3, for instance, which has a built-in touchscreen, a camera and a microphone and is designed to recognize each child’s face and voice, periodically offers a type of internal currency, called gems, when a child turns it on or completes a task. Munzer, the researcher at the American Academy of Pediatrics, said studies have shown that young children who spend extended time with tablets and other screen devices often have associated developmental effects. “There are a lot of studies that have found there’s these small associations between overall duration of screen and media time and less-optimal language development, less-optimal cognitive development and also less-optimal social development, especially in these early years.” She cautioned against giving children their own dedicated screen devices of any kind and said a more measured approach would be to have family devices that parents use with their children for limited amounts of time. PIRG’s new report notes that Miko, which is also sold by major brick-and-mortar retailers including Walmart, Costco and Target, stipulates that it can retain biometric data about a “relevant User’s face, voice and emotional states” for up to three years. Its CEO, Sneh Vaswani, said in an emailed statement that its toys "undergo annual audits and certifications." "Miko robots have been built by a team of parents who are experts in pediatrics, child psychology and pedagogy, all focused on supporting healthy child development and unleashing the powerful benefits responsible AI innovation can have on a child’s journey," he said. When NBC News turned on the Alilo Smart AI Bunny, it automatically began telling stories in the voice of an older woman and wouldn’t stop until it was synced with the official Alilo app. Matt Nighswander / NBC News FoloToy’s CEO, Larry Wang, said in an email that that was the result of the toy being released before it was fully configured and that newer toys don’t display such behavior. Rachel Franz, the director of the Young Children Thrive Offline Program at Fairplay, a nonprofit organization that advocates for limiting children’s exposure to technology and is highly critical of the tech industry, said there have been no major studies showing how AI impacts very young children. One landmark study from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology found that students who use AI chatbots more often in schoolwork have reduced brain function, a phenomenon it called “cognitive debt.” Parents of at least two teenage boys who died by suicide have sued AI developers in ongoing legal disputes, saying their chatbots encouraged their sons to die. Two of the companies behind the five toys NBC News tested claim to use ChatGPT, and another, Curio, refused to name which AI model it uses, but it refers to OpenAI on its website and in its privacy policy. The spokesperson said the company is investigating and will take action if Alilo is using their services against their terms of service “Our usage policies prohibit any use of our services to exploit, endanger, or sexualize anyone under 18 years old. “It’s possible to have companies that are using OpenAI’s models or other companies’ AI models in ways that they aren’t fully aware of, and that’s what we’ve run into in our testing,” Cross said.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/us-bomber-drills-russia-china-air-force-patrol-11191802
Article: Air Force deployed two B-52H bombers for tactical exercises over Japan's waters on Wednesday, along with three F-35 and three F-15 fighter jets from the Japan Air Self-Defense Force, the Joint Staff Office under Japan's Defense Ministry said. bomber mission with Japan since mid-November, when a group of B-1B bombers concluded their deployment—commenced in mid-October—at Misawa Air Base in Japan, which helped reinforce regional stability in the Indo-Pacific. The latest allied air drills also came after the Chinese military deployed an aircraft carrier-led naval task force near Japan, which led to a "radar lock-on" incident between the two militaries' fighter jets, further straining already tense Beijing-Tokyo relations. "Our Strike Group presence in 7th Fleet waters demonstrates our commitment to a free and open Indo-Pacific," said Rear Admiral Todd Whalen, commander of the Abraham Lincoln carrier strike group, adding that the visit will help enhance mission readiness. Navy Captain Tim Waits, commanding officer of the aircraft carrier USS George Washington, said: "Our mission is to preserve the peace, respond in crisis, and win decisively in war…Our presence in the Indo-Pacific and integration with our allies and partners gives us a strategic advantage that enables mission success." What Happens Next It remains to be seen whether the U.S.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/kyle-rittenhouse-gets-married-poses-with-guns-in-wedding-pics-11192181
Article: Kyle Rittenhouse, the guns rights activist who made headlines in 2020 when he shot three people at a protest, has posted photos of him and his new wife posing with a gun at their wedding. Rittenhouse rose to prominence after being charged in the fatal shooting of two men and wounding of a third during a night of protests against police brutality in Kenosha, Wisconsin, in the summer of 2020 after traveling from his home in Illinois armed with a semiautomatic rifle.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/us-citizen-arrested-by-ice-after-offering-to-show-passport-sparks-backlash-11191525
Article: Mubashir told reporters at a press conference on Tuesday that the agent "never identified himself [and] didn't say 'ICE stop.' I feel like I was getting assaulted, I was getting kidnapped". Why It Matters Last week, the Department of Homeland Security announced the start of "Operation Metro Surge," a federal immigration enforcement initiative in the Twin Cities that has involved increased activity by U.S. The president has also ended the Temporary Protected Status for Somali nationals in Minnesota, a designation that had allowed a limited number of people from Somalia to live and work in the country because conditions there were considered unsafe for return. Minnesota Governor Walz, in a letter to delivered on Wednesday to the DHS, revealed his concerns about the ongoing federal immigration crackdown in the Twin Cities, citing reports that "indicate that some citizens were documenting federal activity, while others were going about their daily lives". What People Are Saying Minneapolis Mayor Jacob Frey said at a press conference: "Taken into custody for no reason at all, in clear violation of law and the Constitution of the United States for simply walking down the street and looking like he's Somali." President Donald Trump said at a cabinet meeting on December 2: "You know, our country's at a tipping point. Paul and reject this retaliatory, fear-driven approach to governing." What Happens Next Enforcement operations in the Twin Cities are expected to continue, with ICE officials stating that the focus remains on individuals with outstanding removal orders and criminal convictions.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/golden-retriever-and-husky-have-puppies-internet-obsessed-with-result-11191727
Article: She told Newsweek: “He acts a lot more like a golden retriever than a husky.” Golden retrievers and Siberian huskies may sit side by side on America’s list of most beloved dogs, but they were built for very different worlds. The golden retriever is an “exuberant Scottish gundog” described as “outgoing, trustworthy, and eager-to-please." They were bred for close human partnership, excelling everywhere from hunting fields to guide-dog and search-and-rescue work. The Siberian husky, meanwhile, is a “thickly coated, compact sled dog” developed to pull light loads over “vast frozen expanses.” Friendly but notably more dignified, mischievous and independent, the husky is known for endurance, effortless movement and striking eyes.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/updated-snap-benefits-map-shows-states-banning-junk-food-11191703
Article: What To Know Under the newly approved waivers, which differ by state, specific categories of food will no longer be eligible for purchase with electronic benefit transfer (EBT) cards beginning in 2026. With these new waivers, we are empowering states to lead, protecting our children from the dangers of highly-processed foods, and moving one step closer to the President’s promise to Make America Healthy Again." Missouri Governor Mike Kehoe, a Republican, said: "We are incredibly thankful for Secretary Rollins’ approval of our waiver. Missouri is proud to partner with the Trump Administration on the Make America Healthy Again movement as we refocus SNAP to maximize nutritional health for families while also supporting the abundant agricultural output of our state." Virginia Governor Glenn Youngkin, a Republican, said: "I want to thank Secretary Rollins and the entire Trump Administration for their work on our shared goal of modernizing SNAP to promote healthier eating and empower Virginians to lead healthier lives. We all recognize that better nutrition is a critical step to making Virginia the strongest she’s ever been." Kavelle Christie, health policy expert and CEO at Orion 360 Health, told Newsweek: "Restrictions don’t make people healthier: they reinforce stigma, control, and racialized ideas about poverty. That is less about health and more about consolidating power and control." The Food Research & Action Center said in a press release in August 2025: "If we want healthier communities, the Trump administration needs to stop being the food police and start investing in real solutions. We must also address the root causes of hunger: the rising cost of food and housing, lack of affordable health care, low wages, and limited access to grocery stores." What Happens Next Changes are expected to be in place next year.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cx2e0xe95dzo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Private flu vaccine stocks running low as cases rise 27 minutes ago Share Save Share Save Getty Images The latest figures show Scotland has reached a high level of flu activity Pharmacies have warned that private stocks of flu vaccines are running low. "Some people are saying to us that they are running low while others have completely run out and have not got much hope of getting the stock back in." PHS said flu activity increased more steadily this week, compared with the sharp rise the week before. "When you're not able to predict these things, it has an impact on your stock and runs it low earlier than expected." He urged people to try different pharmacies if local ones ran out of stock.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/11/israel-prepares-for-storm-byron-but-not-all-citizens-will-get-help?traffic_source=rss
Article: The Israeli army chief, Eyal Zamir, issued safety guidelines for the military, cancelling all leave until 6am on Friday, prohibiting all outdoor training activities and limiting soldiers to “operational” and “essential” activities. On Wednesday, Omar al-Asam, head of the Tal al-Sabe Council, announced a strike to protest against the police blocking off the town’s only entrance and assaulting one of the residents. Advertisement “The police’s racist and aggressive conduct is unacceptable, and it goes to show the police’s racist attitude towards Arab citizens across the country, especially in the Negev,” al-Asam told local media. In 2019, Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said, “Israel is not a state of all its citizens.” “According to the basic nationality law we passed, Israel is the nation state of the Jewish people – and only it,” Netanyahu wrote on Instagram in response to criticism from Israeli actor Rotem Sela. Youssef Abu Saadah, the head of the meteorological service in Palestine, told Al Jazeera, “The expected rain from Storm Byron is more than a third of the average yearly rainfall.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/video/quotable/2025/12/11/aje-onl-dalia_v4-111225?traffic_source=rss
Article: We must reclaim “what it means to be Western” Quotable We must reclaim “what it means to be Western” Dalia Fahmy, a professor at Long Island University, says pluralism and combatting discrimination against Muslim and Jewish people is critical to redefining Western values.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/11/portugal-set-for-major-disruptions-in-first-general-strike-in-12-years?traffic_source=rss
Article: The walkout is likely to be Portugal’s largest since June 2013, when the country was forced to gut public spending in exchange for international aid after being engulfed by a debt crisis that affected several European nations. Advertisement The TAP Air Portugal national airline expects just a third of its 250 usual flights to get off the ground, while the national railway company has warned the disruption could spill over into Friday. With Portugal set to elect a new president in early 2026, Oliveira said he considered the strike was “already a success” as it had drawn public attention to the government’s labour reforms. On the eve of the strike, Montenegro said he hoped “that the country will function as normally as possible … because the rights of some must not infringe on the rights of others”. Although Portugal has recorded economic growth of about 2 percent and a historically low unemployment rate of some 6 percent, the prime minister has argued that the country should take advantage of the favourable climate to push through reforms.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/11/hamas-has-its-own-disarmament-vision-as-gaza-truce-enters-critical-phase?traffic_source=rss
Article: Hamas is trying to convince the United States administration to follow its own “vision” on how to deal with its military arsenal – a major sticking point in the second phase of the two-month ceasefire, the group’s foreign policy spokesperson has told Al Jazeera. Speaking on Al Jazeera Arabic’s Mawazine programme on Wednesday, Khaled Meshaal said Hamas aims to “create a situation with guarantees that war does not return between Gaza and the Israeli occupation,” addressing issues such as “how this weapon can be stored, safeguarded, not used, and not displayed”. Israel has not kept its end of the deal in allowing the free flow of humanitarian aid into the besieged enclave, a violation all the more acute in its genocidal war on Gaza, as hundreds of thousands of people are suffering the brunt of Storm Byron with only makeshift tents for shelter. Meshaal told Al Jazeera that mediators were in dialogue with the US on Hamas’s approach to disarmament, but cautioned that surrendering weapons on the ground would be akin to “removing the soul” of the organisation. A key element of Trump’s phased peace plan, agreed in early October, calls for Hamas and other Palestinian armed groups to surrender their weapons to an international peacekeeping force, ending the group’s nearly two-decade rule over the enclave. Though Israel has violated the agreement more than 700 times – killing 377 people – the ceasefire has largely held, with Israel still occupying more than half of the devastated Gaza Strip. The body of only one captive abducted during the Hamas-led attacks in southern Israel in October 2023 remains in Gaza, while hundreds of Palestinian prisoners, including the remains of some who died in Israeli detention, have been returned. Mediators have emphasised the need for a coordinated effort as the ceasefire enters what Qatari Prime Minister Sheikh Mohammed bin Abdulrahman bin Jassim Al Thani called a “critical moment.” A US official confirmed to Al Jazeera that intense negotiations are under way to move to phase two, while Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said the first phase is nearing completion. The last ceasefire brokered by Trump earlier this year collapsed at the end of its first phase, after Israel abruptly violated the agreement and resumed military operations in Gaza, killing 400 people in the first day. Hamas accepts idea of international stabilisation force At the Doha Forum last weekend, Turkish foreign minister Hakan Fidan cautioned patience in disarming Hamas, saying it would not occur immediately and emphasising that “we need to proceed in the correct order and remain realistic”. Meshaal said Hamas is not opposed to the presence of international peacekeepers, such as UNIFIL forces in Lebanon, despite criticising the United Nations Security Council’s endorsement of Trump’s plan, and expressed confidence that the force could prevent “military escalation against Israel from inside Gaza”. Advertisement He also shared his vision for Gaza’s future governance, reiterating that Hamas would hand control to technocrats while emphasising that “we want the Palestinian to govern the Palestinian, and for he, himself to decide who governs him”. He criticised Trump’s so-called “board of peace,” a body the US president said he hopes would supervise the territory’s governance, saying it was fraught with risks and would amount to “a form of guardianship” over the territory. Meshaal told Al Jazeera that talks in Egypt had brought together various Palestinian factions to form a representative group for Gaza, with eight members selected, but added that the process was “being obstructed by Israel”.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/politics/elections/indiana-senate-vote-trump-backed-congressional-map-gop-resistance-rcna247833
Article: INDIANAPOLIS — Indiana state senators will decide the fate of a Republican-drawn congressional map Thursday, settling a divisive, monthslong clash between GOP lawmakers who have resisted the redistricting push and President Donald Trump, who has urged them to forge ahead. The proposed map, which the state House passed last week, would dismantle Indiana's two Democratic-held districts, the latest front in Trump's national campaign to shore up the GOP's slim House majority in next year's midterm elections. Republicans in Texas, North Carolina and Missouri have answered Trump's call, passing new maps designed to net the party additional seats, but Indiana lawmakers were hesitant to join the unusual mid-decade redistricting fight for months. Trump, Vice President JD Vance and other national Republicans have been pressuring lawmakers in the state through phone calls, in-person visits in Indiana and Washington and social media posts, threatening to back primary challengers to those who oppose the map. "Rod Bray and his friends won’t be in Politics for long, and I will do everything within my power to make sure that they will not hurt the Republican Party, and our Country, again.” It has become an “all hands on deck” effort among Republicans in Washington to get Indiana lawmakers on board, according to a senior GOP leadership source familiar with the matter. Top Republicans in Washington believe the vote is going to be close, but they think they are within striking distance, saying they have at least 20 solid “yes” votes as they continue to work other holdouts, the source said. The saga took an alarming turn in recent weeks, with at least 11 elected Republicans in Indiana facing violent threats and swatting attempts, which are when someone makes a false police report in an attempt to instigate a frightening police response. “They’re kind of like ‘I’m going to firebomb your house in the middle of the night and kill you and anyone else in there as you come running out.’ There’s a number of those; I got three in one day,” said Sen. Greg Goode, a Republican who has been singled out by Trump on social media but has not said how he will vote, was also the victim of a swatting attempt. "This is a very small part that we can play in rebalancing the scales on a national basis." In conversations across the Statehouse, lawmakers seemed weary and rattled by the monthslong political fight and its consequences.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/donald-trump-maga-europe-poland-11191845
Article: President Donald Trump says Europe is "decaying," run by "weak" leaders "destroying their countries." That was the takeaway from his interview with Politico, an epitaph for the continent’s migration policy, strategic posture and governing class. Trump likely has five priorities that he has consistently indicated, with some justification, most of Europe is failing to meet: growth, defense spending, energy investment, conservative social policy, and a hard-line immigration stance. this autumn that they are "destroying your countries" and, on a summer stop in Scotland, that migration is "killing Europe." Yet even as he paints the continent in funereal tones, he nods toward exceptions with "strict" border policies—Hungary and, especially, Poland. Le Monde, France’s paper of record, put it more bluntly in an editorial: "Trump’s United States is now a threat to democracy in Europe." On the nationalist right, Trump’s line lands as validation. figures urged voters to back a Trump-aligned candidate and cast the election as a "battle for Western civilization." Uncommon Knowledge Run Trump’s five-point test against Poland and the picture that emerges is less "decay" than velocity—cultural and economic. On December 9, 2025, the European Commission approved state aid for Poland’s first nuclear power plant, to be built with Westinghouse AP1000 reactors; Tusk said work would start "now." It came after Intel announced a multibillion-dollar assembly and test campus near Wrocław. A country Trump routinely praises has: living standards rising fast enough to plausibly pass Japan on a PPP basis; joblessness in the EU’s basement; a defense effort that leads NATO on share of GDP; an energy plan willing to place century-scale bets; borders hard enough to satisfy the most restrictionist talking point; and a refugee integration large and successful enough to boost GDP rather than depress wages. For one corner of American politics, the European exception to "decay" is not Switzerland’s wealth or Denmark’s welfare state, but a country that mixes rearmament, family subsidies, energy building, hard borders, and selective openness for neighbors.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/trumps-national-security-strategy-sugarcoats-china-threat-opinion-11190706
Article: The document, released December 4, states that America seeks “a genuinely mutually advantageous economic relationship with Beijing.” The Wall Street Journal reported that the Biden administration outlined China as “the U.S.’s primary foreign-policy challenge” in its national security strategy. As the paper pointed out, “The White House’s new national-security strategy signals a softer approach to competition with Beijing, playing down ideological differences between the two superpowers and marking a break from years in which China was singled out as posing the U.S.’s greatest challenge.” There is no question that the regime headed by the Communist Party of China poses the No. In March 2023, PLA Daily, the main propaganda organ of the People’s Liberation Army, described that term as “total war.” Beijing’s reaction to Trump’s national security strategy was harsh, telling the U.S. For instance, the national security strategy mentions “the potential for any competitor to control the South China Sea.” “This,” the document states, “could allow a potentially hostile power to impose a toll system over one of the world’s most vital lanes of commerce or—worse—to close and reopen it at will.” It’s clear that China—and only China—is the “hostile power” that has both the ambition and power to do this. The Chinese became emboldened as they began thinking that others would once again acknowledge their right to rule tianxia, or “all under Heaven.” In fact, Chinese conduct has become more assertive and belligerent as others have sought to placate them. Over the weekend, Chinese fighter jets in two separate incidents “painted” Japanese fighters with targeting radar, which is the last step before an actual attempt to shoot down enemy aircraft. As Trump’s national security strategy states, “Preventing conflict requires a vigilant posture in the Indo-Pacific, a renewed defense industrial base, greater military investment from ourselves and from allies and partners, and winning the economic and technological competition over the long term.” That is all true, and “preventing conflict” also requires the courage to call out irresponsible powers, mainly China, by name.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/goring-victoria-and-trump-opinion-11175685
Article: It was Göring who has been credited with telling the police: “Shoot first and ask questions later.” It was Göring, founder of the Gestapo, who believed democracy was about weakness and stupidity and who sent people without trial to concentration camps with the assurance that they were “dangerous.” Even in prison at Nuremberg, with his country in ashes, Göring said, “The victor will always be the judge and the vanquished the accused.” His view toward law could be summarized in his indelicate three-word exhortation to his fellow prisoners at Nuremberg to show no remorse for crime and no respect for law. He scorns law-abiding Europe and respects only China and Russia, countries willing to use brute force against their citizens and foreigners alike—countries who think that laws are for the weak and the world is for the taking. Drugs reaching Suriname are typically headed to Europe, not the United States, but the admiral hopefully expressed that it was still a “possibility” the drugs could have made their way here. As Trump takes nonstop bribes—recently a gold-covered globe—we might want to reflect that the unraveling of law easily leads to the unraveling of peace— first for some, then for more and then for all.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/donald-trump-approval-rating-ohio-iowa-11191654
Article: What To Know Overall, Morning Consult found that Trump's net approval rating was above water in 22 states, showing a slight improvement from a similar point in his first term, when his net approval rating was net positive in 21 states. More broadly, a recent poll by The Economist/YouGov found Trump's approval rating at its lowest level since he returned to office in January: 39 percent of people approved of the job he was doing, while 58 percent disapproved—a net approval rating of -19 percentage points. What People Are Saying President Donald Trump wrote on Truth Social in November: "So many Fake Polls are being shown by the Radical Left Media, all slanted heavily toward Democrats and Far Left Wingers. … Fake News will never change, they are evil and corrupt but, as I look around my beautiful surroundings, I say to myself, 'Oh, look, I'm sitting in the Oval Office!'" What Happens Next As his presidency continues, Trump's approval rating will likely fluctuate.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/china-set-lose-population-size-california-11180167
Article: In recent years, a growing number of provinces and cities have rolled out child-care subsidies and cash incentives for families, and Beijing has also moved toward a nationwide child-care subsidy program.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/entertainment/tv/fan-spots-error-stranger-things-only-true-kids-1980s-would-notice-11188634
Article: In 2022, an interview with star Winona Ryder in Harper's Bazaar noted that the actress, who rose to fame in the decade with movies like Heathers and Beetlejuice, made a point of fact-checking scripts on the show. Some things still slip through the editing process though, whether it’s an error about the names of the kids on the show, or the mistake spotted by Jacob, a content creator who recently took to X to highlight an error on the latest batch of episodes that may have passed some viewers by. “It's drifted away quite a bit from its more small-scale horror-adjacent roots in Season 1 into a kind of campy adventure show that's got a lot of spectacle,” Jacob told Newsweek. “However, it does feel a little cynical at times when it essentially just amounts to product placement.” With that said, Jacob could help but take notice when, during the latest batch of episodes, the characters were shown playing the video game Ghosts N’ Goblins on their Nintendo Entertainment System (NES). “Ghosts N' Goblins is pretty cool, it's famous for being absolutely brutal to beat but it's a fun, sort of Castlevania-like platform game that feels great to achieve even the tiniest amount of progress in,” he said. However, he was quick to notice that the version displayed on the television in the series was not the NES version but rather the one that was played in video arcades at the time. “I kind of hate the NES port, however, it's noticeably worse than the arcade version, so while I would sit here and scoff at the wrong game being used in the show, the one they did show footage of in the show is the superior version for sure,” he said. “New Stranger Things shows a kid playing ghosts n goblins on an NES but it's clearly NOT the NES version displayed on the screen and I for one am apoplectic with rage at this development,” he wrote. “Stranger Things is an immensely popular show and the whole thing has just the tiniest whiff of controversy to it, and controversy travels fast on the internet, like a wildfire,” he said. “I figured it was an obvious exaggeration, but as the post gained more and more traction, it did a thing we X users call ‘breaking containment’ where the tweet leaves your target audience and new people seeing the post have a higher chance of misinterpreting it,” Jacob said. “I am not actually ‘apoplectic with rage’ about this, it's certainly a bit of a trashy move for such a massive show to do, particularly this specific show that puts nostalgia for the past in full focus so frequently, but in the grand scheme of things it is a molehill of an issue, not a mountain.” He does however think this was a “very avoidable problem” that “anyone with the slightest knowledge of this niche interest” might have been able to fix.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/candace-owens-tears-into-erika-kirk-questions-her-running-tpusa-11192034
Article: Conservative podcaster Candace Owens has responded to Erika Kirk addressing "conspiracy theorists," saying she "missed the mark" and questioning her ability to run her late husband’s organization Turning Point USA (TPUSA). "Because what you are watching here is an unbelievably emotional response that is absent of any logic." Owens responded to Kirk during her podcast episode on Wednesday, after Erika Kirk weighed in to the ongoing online discussion about Charlie Kirk’s assassination and the investigation that took place afterward. Why It Matters America is still reeling from the assassination of Charlie Kirk on September 10 in many ways, which include several divides among conservatives, one of which being between those that believe the official narrative about how the killing happened and who was responsible and those that do not trust it. This has led to many theories about what may have happened, with Owens, who runs one of the top podcasts in the world and was a close friend of Charlie Kirk’s, often leading this charge. Erika Kirk had not addressed these theories directly until Wednesday, when she spoke out on Fox News Channel’s Outnumbered, saying she doesn’t have time to "address the noise" and calling TPUSA her "family" and pushing back against those "going after" them. "Can my babies have one thing where we hold it sacred, where my husband is laid to rest, where I don't have to be worried about some secular revolutionary coming and destroying my husband's grave while my daughter is sitting there praying?" she said. Owens responded to this first, saying that "on its face" she "actually agrees with that." "I think that when people are being buried and where they're being buried and how their funerals are done, that is very private matter," Owens said. But she went on to say that "this is going to be read as Meghan Markle syndrome…where you want privacy when you want it, but you want publicity whenever you want it, and that just doesn't work." "This is the same person who…had somebody record her over Charlie Kirk's casket," Owens went on to say. "Some people maybe perhaps want to have that memory, but the decision to publish that, you crying over your husband's casket and to publish his dead body on Instagram was a decision that was made by Erika." Owens then showed a clip of Erika Kirk’s further comments, saying that the people spreading the theories are also grieving the loss of Charlie Kirk, adding that she understands wanting to find an answer to "something that happened that was so evil." "I get that—we’re doing the same," she said. "Call me names I don’t care…but when you go after my family, my Turning Point USA family, my Charlie Kirk show family, when you go after the people that I love, and you're making hundreds and thousands of dollars every single episode going after the people that I love, because, somehow, they're in on this, no," Erika Kirk said. Owens went on to say that "the thing that is especially absurd" is Erika Kirk "expanding the wings of people that we’re not allowed to critique because they’re in the family," referring to Erika Kirk calling TPUSA and The Charlie Kirk Show as her family. Owens added: "I hate to say this…but this is why there are many people who do not believe that women are equipped to lead companies," Owens said about Erika Kirk’s comments. "Because what you are watching here is an unbelievably emotional response that is absent of any logic." She continued: "Don't try to like mom the organization and say, ‘well mother's upset because people are coming after her kids and all of the multi-million-dollar subsidiaries’." What People Are Saying Owens' episode had more than 1.5 million views by Thursday morning, with many people in her comment section supporting her. A user called Rae (@isa12rae) said: "Erika Kirk will forgive someone one week later for murdering her husband but she won't forgive someone for not believing the FBI narrative." A user called TillyP (@tillyp90) said: "She's too busy. Glamor, interviews, and money would be the last thing on my mind." Meanwhile, Tristan Tate posted on X: "Candace Owens has bigger balls than 99% of men who post their opinions online. Too many ‘men’ on here only care about being popular, they would drop the act and reverse their positions the moment they were thrown in a cell." But others have spoken out against Owens, including Nathan Livingstone, an Australian filmmaker known for his work under the name MilkBarTV, who referred to previous comments made by Owens where she said Erika Kirk was one of the only two people who could tell her to stop her investigation. "Now that she’s ignored Erika’s plea to stop, that leaves just one person—her husband." Law enforcement officer and community figure Deon Joseph, who often shares political opinions, said in a post on X: "Never thought I’d unfollow Candace Owens. But when you decide weeks after a woman and her children lost a husband/father so tragically, to exploit that man’s death, spread rumors about his family and close friends calling yourself his friend, I can’t roll with that. I will always respect who she was when she was trying to help wake Black people up to how they were being played by the left, but something is off now.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/woman-hears-her-cat-meowing-shock-over-who-she-finds-waiting-downstairs-11184879
Article: Internet users have been left in hysterics after a woman came downstairs to find a cat waiting under her Christmas tree – only to realize that it wasn’t actually hers. Indeed, Keira told Newsweek that she was “really confused” as to why there was “a random cat” in her house, and she still isn’t sure how or why it happened. “I’m still confused as why it chose to welcome itself in and just chill under the Christmas tree, and why my other cat was the one outside staring through the cat flap.” ... It’s still unclear who the imposter cat belongs to or what his name is, but Keira certainly thought he was “a cutie.” The cat appeared to be healthy and well-taken care of. One comment on the post reads: “The imposter is looking a little too comfortable.” Another TikTok user wrote: “You could say it’s a… copycat.” Another person replied: “Imposter cat looks so upset that he had to come show him up.” “I love how cats randomly duplicate,” joked one person.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/cycling/articles/cp845e5ev1eo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Six-time Olympic champion Hoy announced in October 2024 that his cancer is terminal, but the 49-year-old has continued to ride his mountain bike since entering "a bit of a stability period" in his treatment. I'm pretty lucky that's the worst one I've had in all those years of riding." Hoy, whose seven Olympic medals also include one silver, is Britain's second-most decorated Olympic athlete behind fellow track cyclist Sir Jason Kenny (seven golds). I'm doing alright now, I wasn't doing so well in the immediate aftermath of it, but looking forward to Christmas." Hoy announced in February 2024 that he was undergoing treatment for prostate cancer. I'm able to keep doing all the things that I enjoy, spend a lot of time with my family, and I hope to be around for a lot longer yet."

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/12/11/nx-s1-5639221/pap-smear-hpv-test-cervical-cancer
Article: In fact, new recommendations out this month from the American Cancer Society say that patients can safely swab their own vaginas to collect samples for the test, rather than undergo an invasive pelvic exam. "We just need to worry about it if it doesn't go away." Just like most people fight off unpleasant winter colds, the immune system is also great at fighting off HPV. (It's also why doctors' groups like the American Academy of Pediatrics recommend all kids get vaccinated for it between the ages of 9 and 12.) Sponsor Message If you do test positive for high-risk HPV, you'll need follow up testing — either with a repeat HPV test or a procedure called a colposcopy, which allows a clinician to examine the cervix under a microscope and take biopsies if needed. It has to still be valid." As of now, Teal Health is the only company that offers a test proven to be accurate under such a wide range of circumstances. Perkins hopes that a move to simplified HPV-only testing will make it easier for older patients to get screened, with clinician-collected testing at age 60 and again at age 65 regardless of past results.

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/12/11/nx-s1-5640109/early-humans-fire-making-oldest-discovery-archaeology
Article: Fire-making materials at 400,000-year-old site are the oldest evidence of humans making fire toggle caption Jordan Mansfield/Courtesy Pathways to Ancient Britain Project It's easy to take for granted that with the flick of a lighter or the turn of a furnace knob, modern humans can conjure flames — cooking food, lighting candles or warming homes. "This is a 400,000-year old site where we have the earliest evidence of [humans] making fire — not just in Britain or in Europe — but anywhere else in the world," said Nick Ashton, an archaeologist at The British Museum and one of the study's authors. What makes the site so unique is that Ashton and his colleagues found the raw materials for making fire — fragments of iron pyrite alongside fire-cracked flint handaxes in what looks like a hearth. "As far as we know, we don't know of any other uses for pyrite other than to make sparks with flint to start fires," said Dennis Sandgathe, an archaeologist at Simon Fraser University, who was not involved in the new study. "And of all the dozens and dozens of sites across Eurasia and into Africa that we've excavated that have fire residues in them, nobody's discovered a piece of pyrite before." toggle caption Craig Williams/The Trustees of the British Museum The ability to make fire, archaeologists agree, is one of the most important discoveries in human history. And these could have played a critical part in maintaining social relationships over bigger distances or within more complex social groups." Davis and his co-authors don't know the identity of the people who used the site. "So we assume that the fires at [the new study's site] were being made by early Neanderthals," said Chris Stringer, an anthropologist at the Natural History Museum in the UK and one of the study's co-authors. Modern humans long assumed that the discovery of how to make fire was such an important technology that once it was found, it would have spread rapidly across the Old World like, well, fire — and from then on everybody everywhere would have been using it.

Link: https://www.washingtonpost.com/nation/2025/12/11/ultrasound-kidney-stone-med-student/
Article: Moreno is back to normal life, but damage from the stone has left the 22-year-old with only 50 percent function in her right kidney and no guarantee it will improve. If it had not been detected, “it very likely would have progressed, and she could have lost the entire kidney,” said David Battinelli, dean of the Donald and Barbara Zucker School of Medicine at Hofstra/Northwell on Long Island, where Moreno is enrolled.

Link: https://www.washingtonpost.com/nation/2025/12/11/poison-mushroom-california-health/
Article: Public health officials are warning Californians not to forage for wild mushrooms after an outbreak of poisonings in and around the San Francisco Bay Area that have killed one person and caused serious liver damage in several others. The mushrooms look and taste similar to edible varieties — they have a broad, greenish-yellow or off-white cap with a ring underneath — but contain amatoxins that can cause liver failure and lead to death, said Rais Vohra, medical director for the Fresno/Madera division of the California Poison Control System. But he said to record 23 cases in such a short period of time is “quite historic.” “[Nearly] two dozen very sick people that had to be hospitalized and treated — that is an outlier,” he said. “We haven’t had a season this busy with mushroom poisonings since 2016.” That winter, Bay Area Mycological Society members reported an unusually large bloom of death cap mushrooms and the California Poison Control System identified 14 related poisoning cases. And I think my poison control colleagues stand by that.” Bruch Reed, chief operating officer of the North American Mycological Association, agreed that death cap mushrooms can be “insidiously catastrophic,” calling the spate of poisonings “a serious public health crisis.” But he said he and some other mushroom foragers feel “sadly disappointed” by the message public health officials have put forward, and believe it should have focused more on educating about how to avoid death cap mushrooms than advising people to stop foraging. “We encourage those who wish to forage mushrooms, especially in this time of increasing, and perhaps unprecedented, food insecurity among vast numbers of Americans, to seek out and join their local mycology club,” Reed said, “and learn directly, in the field, from mycologically knowledgeable people how to identify, harvest and enjoy mushrooms safely.” Experienced mycologists, he added, are able to distinguish death cap mushrooms from other varieties that are safe to eat. He said those poisoned in the recent outbreak include a family from Mexico, and it’s unclear whether they were educated about the mushroom varieties that are safe to eat in the California area. Some apps that use AI analyze photos or descriptions of mushrooms to identify species that users encounter in the wild, but foragers and experts warn they can be wrong and lead to fatal consequences. Reed said joining a local mushroom club is key to learning how to forage and enjoy wild mushrooms safely, adding that there are more than 100 clubs affiliated with the North American Mycological Association across the United States and Canada.

Link: https://feeds.texastribune.org/link/16799/17230523/mark-welsh-texas-a-m-president-takeaway
Article: See our AI policy , and give us feedback This week, The Texas Tribune published a story detailing the political forces that contributed to the ouster of Texas A&M’s president Mark Welsh, the four-star general who was ultimately deemed unfit to manage the flagship university in College Station. Welsh suffered death by a thousand cuts: a compounding of culture war controversies that ultimately led some members of the Texas A&M University System Board of Regents to lose faith in his leadership. “Most events do not happen in a vacuum, which means an easy answer does not bring the clarity we seek.” For this story, the Tribune reviewed thousands of pages of public records and talked to more than 50 people. “There’s no doubt the governor was looking for somebody that was conservative in nature, and I think that he felt that maybe Mark was not as conservative as he was hoping he would be,” A&M Regents Board Chair Robert Albritton said. And as Welsh’s days were coming to an end, he told Albritton that while it was the board’s decision, “it’s probably time for a change.” Sharp’s retirement was a “negotiated exit” The reporting sheds new light on former Chancellor John Sharp’s retirement from the A&M System. While Sharp would say in his retirement announcement the following year that he informed the board of his plans to leave at the end of the 2025 legislative session, Albritton and two system administrators confirmed Sharp’s departure was a “negotiated exit.” Albritton said that while Sharp positively advanced the university, many board members “felt it was time for a change.” Regents were setting a new tone Every university system in Texas is overseen by a nine-member board of regents, who are appointed by the governor for six-year terms. In 2023, three new regents would roll onto the A&M board as the political pendulum was swinging further to the right in Texas and the state’s most powerful lawmakers would make their expectations for regents clear. “The board thinks they are the representatives of the people, funneled through the people’s top elected official: the governor.” A&M Board Chair Albritton acknowledged the board has to pay attention to the lawmakers who fund them. He added they’re not trying to micromanage, but the regents have a responsibility “to make sure things do not spin out of control.” A steady drumbeat of online outrage Welsh grew defensive as alumni, lawmakers, and regents pressed him over a steady stream of controversies driven by online misinformation and Texas Scorecard, a conservative website writing about Texas politics. “When does our administration’s obsession with student sexual preferences and lifestyles finally stop?” Regent Michael Hernandez wrote in an angry email to Welsh when contacted by Scorecard about various LGBTQ+ events and courses on campus. In December 2024, an alum emailed Welsh, citing a Texas Scorecard post, and accused him of leading the university down a “WOKE path.” “You clearly don’t know me at all,” Welsh wrote back. “I have no idea what ‘WOKE path’ even means, and I’m certainly not leading anyone down one.” Board members felt Welsh was leaning on them to make unpopular decisions In an interview, Albritton told the Tribune that board members were frustrated that Welsh relied on the board to make difficult decisions that the board felt should be made at the presidential level. “It just got to a level of frustration that Mark always wanted to have a board action in order to make decisions that the board felt should be made at the presidential level, without board involvement,” Albritton said. I believe that’s a fairly routine standard of practice for corporate governance in our country.” Welsh’s replacement was lined up before he was removed Without Welsh’s knowledge, Albritton was pitching candidates to replace him. A few days after videos were posted online showing Welsh defending a teacher who taught gender identity in a class, Albritton reached out to Tyson Voelkel, then president and CEO of the Texas A&M Foundation. Disclosure: Texas A&M Foundation and Texas A&M University System have been financial supporters of The Texas Tribune, a nonprofit, nonpartisan news organization that is funded in part by donations from members, foundations and corporate sponsors.

Link: https://feeds.texastribune.org/link/16799/17230524/texas-redistricting-republican-noncitizen-census-congress-legislature
Article: Future political representation could hinge on President Donald Trump’s renewed push to exclude at least some noncitizens from the population counts that help determine how political power is distributed in the U.S. In Texas, where Republicans pushed through a rare midcycle redistricting this year to try to maintain their advantage in Congress after the 2026 midterm elections, experts say that excluding noncitizens when drawing districts could open another way for the GOP to tighten its grip on the state Legislature and congressional delegation. In addition, many experts and critics worry it could ultimately place some Texas communities into larger, less cohesive districts, while diluting the political influence of Latinos and other minority groups who have accounted for much of the state’s population gain in recent decades. But to understand the possibilities if some or any of these proposals go forward, it’s helpful to separate them into three categories: changes to the census; changes to the apportionment of House seats and electoral votes among states; and changes to the drawing of congressional and state legislative districts, which happens at the state level. Republicans and conservative groups are lining up behind a continuing effort to add a citizenship question to the questionnaire, a plan that ran into legal hurdles during the first Trump administration. Under the Constitution, the decennial census — “counting the whole number of persons in each State” every 10 years — determines how many congressional representatives and electoral votes each state gets. “Today, a voter in a congressional district with 730,000 citizens … and 30,000 illegal aliens has a stronger say in the election of his representative than a voter in a congressional district with 760,000 citizens and no illegal immigrants,” U.S. “Alexander Hamilton is on record saying during the Constitutional Convention in Philadelphia, ‘There can be no truer principle than this: that every individual of the community at large has an equal right to the protection of the government,’” said U.S. “Ultimately, the census is a national snapshot we take every 10 years that helps us understand and define who we are, how to govern, and undermining that process in ways that distort that picture will harm all of us.” If all or some noncitizens were to be excluded from the census, states estimated to have large populations of noncitizens — a red and blue mix that includes Texas, California, New Jersey, Florida, and New York — could lose House seats and electoral votes, or gain fewer than they would have. But multiple legal experts, including Justin Levitt, a constitutional law expert and professor at Loyola Law School who advised President Joe Biden’s administration on democracy and voting rights, and Michael Morley, a law professor at Florida State University’s College of Law and an expert on election and constitutional law and voting rights, say excluding all or some noncitizens from apportionment counts would be unconstitutional, given the clear language on apportionment in the Constitution’s 14th Amendment. But if the Trump administration adds a census question on citizenship, which wouldn’t in itself change the apportionment counts, that would generate the key data state officials would need to draw their internal U.S. Supreme Court left open the question of whether states could use criteria other than total population, such as the population of eligible voters — roughly speaking, citizens age 18 or above — for the state-level task of drawing district maps. Abbott, had argued that “jurisdictions may, consistent with the Equal Protection Clause, design districts using any population baseline—including total population and voter-eligible population—so long as the choice is rational and not invidiously discriminatory.” Experts disagree, however, on whether the Supreme Court has left the question open for both congressional districts and state legislative districts or just for state legislative districts. During the failed push to add a citizenship question to the 2020 census, evidence emerged showing a longtime political strategist had drawn up a case study showing that using the population of voting-age citizens rather than total population to draw Texas state House districts would advantage Republicans and non-Hispanic white Texans. If Texas draws districts to have equal populations of adult citizens rather than equal total populations, some districts would have to grow geographically to include enough adult citizens — creating districts that are larger geographically and by total population. The effects of using citizen voting-age population would likely be most pronounced in the Dallas-Fort Worth and Houston areas and in the Rio Grande Valley, according to experts and an analysis by the Electoral Innovation Lab done earlier this year for Votebeat. Actual citizens “end up worse off.” Let’s look at an example: The Rio Grande Valley The Rio Grande Valley is one of the areas where new political boundaries based on citizenship voting-age population could have a profound effect, according to the analysis by Cervas, Neil Dixit, and Sam Wang of the Electoral Innovation Lab, as well as other redistricting experts. The area is also home to more than 1,000 colonias — unincorporated rural communities that often lack access to basic services and infrastructure — housing anywhere from two dozen to over a thousand each. (The map state lawmakers passed this summer takes the Hidalgo County part of the district out and instead adds part of Nueces County.) If the district had to be redrawn based on its citizen voting-age population, it would almost certainly need to grow geographically, according to an analysis by Cervas, because otherwise there wouldn’t be enough citizens in it to keep it equal to other districts. The Republican push to add a citizenship question “is designed to deepen the distrust and therefore trigger an even higher undercount, specifically of the Latino community,” said Thomas Saenz, president and general counsel at the Mexican American Legal Defense and Educational Fund, which opposed the first Trump administration’s 2020 effort. “Mistrust runs deep,” said Victoria Fajardo, a resident of Hidalgo County in the Rio Grande Valley and a community advocate with the immigrant and social services advocacy group La Union del Pueblo Entero (LUPE). Especially under this administration,” she said, “where it feels like surveillance of immigrants is heightened.” The census has already undercounted the population in parts of the Rio Grande Valley in the past, advocates say. Prominent Texas officials supported Trump’s effort to add the citizenship question to the 2020 census, and Texas also joined a multistate brief filed with the Supreme Court in favor of the Trump administration’s position. Greg Abbott said the idea that it would lead to an undercount was “nothing other than conjecture.” How redistricting is supposed to work Each state’s political maps must be redrawn once per decade, after each census, to account for population growth and ensure that every congressional or legislative district has virtually the same number of people. Mid-decade redistricting, like the one Texas pushed through this year, is legal but unusual — although Trump’s push to add red seats in some states has set off a chain reaction of it this year. In Texas and most other states, redistricting is the purview of the state legislature and governor, and if one party controls both, it can draw the boundaries for both congressional districts and state legislative districts as it sees fit. All states must comply with the 14th Amendment to the Constitution and the Voting Rights Act, which means they can’t discriminate on the basis of race — though a U.S. And several states have specific requirements of their own: In Texas, for example, lawmakers must also comply with the state constitution’s requirements when it comes to splitting counties between state House districts. The maps that Texas Republicans drew after the 2020 census were under challenge in court when lawmakers decided to redraw the state’s congressional map this summer, though judges had yet to rule.

Link: https://feeds.texastribune.org/link/16799/17230525/greg-abbott-property-tax-appraisal-plan-election-2026
Article: Greg Abbott wants to put a tighter lid on how fast property values can rise in a bid to deliver property tax relief to homeowners and businesses — but tax policy experts across the political spectrum warn the proposal wouldn’t address the root causes of higher tax bills and would backfire with severe consequences. Abbott wants to lower that to 3% and extend that cap to owners of all kinds of properties like grocery stores, restaurants and apartment buildings, with the aim of giving property owners more predictability when it comes to their tax bills. “I know so many people that when they get their appraisal, their hand is quivering with that envelope in their hand because they’re afraid to see how much their property taxes are going up,” Abbott said at an event last week in Fort Worth, where he championed his proposals. Abbott’s appraisal proposal is a key part of the governor’s property tax-cut platform that’s front and center in his 2026 reelection bid, which includes provisions to end school property taxes for homeowners and make it harder for local governments to raise property taxes. He will take his plan to voters to secure a mandate for reining in local spending, overhauling the broken appraisal system, and finally giving Texans control over their property taxes.” Have a question about property taxes? Good politics, bad policy Tax policy experts on the right and left have long maintained that tight appraisal caps, though they may be good politics, don’t work and have terrible consequences. Abbott’s idea, tax policy experts said, strongly resembles California’s Proposition 13, a 1970s ballot initiative that aimed to reduce homeowners’ taxes after several years of rapidly rising home values by putting tight limits on property value growth and tax rates. What followed: vast inequities between taxpayers, higher housing costs and tax benefits flowing disproportionately to wealthy homeowners — results that have played out in other places like New York City that have also enacted stricter caps. “For a state like Texas that loves to pitch itself as being pro-family and good for families, this is a pretty anti-family policy,” said Neva Butkus, senior analyst at the left-leaning Institute on Taxation and Economic Policy. The people that are going to stand to benefit the most are older folks who have owned their homes for a long time, who have a lot of wealth already built up.” A tighter cap would also make the tax system more unfair, experts said. A study commissioned by the Texas Taxpayers and Research Association and Rice University’s Baker Institute for Public Policy found that Collin, Harris, Midland, Moore and Smith counties adopted higher tax rates in 2024 than they otherwise might have to make up for value lost to the cap. About 30 states and the District of Columbia have programs known as “circuit breakers” that give homeowners a credit or rebate when that happens, which particularly helps lower- and moderate-income households. Abbott’s plans leave out direct relief for people who rent Absent from Abbott’s platform is any direct tax relief for the state’s 4.3 million households who rent their homes — in keeping with years of GOP tax-cut policy. Abbott signed new bipartisan laws this year to cut red tape and allow more homes to be built to ease the shortage, laws lauded by housing advocates and Abbott has spotlighted on the campaign trail. Disclosure: Rice University and Texas Taxpayers and Research Association have been financial supporters of The Texas Tribune, a nonprofit, nonpartisan news organization that is funded in part by donations from members, foundations and corporate sponsors.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/charlie-kirk-murder-suspect-tyler-robinson-court-appearance/story?id=128293883
Article: The 31-year-old was the founder of the conservative youth activist organization Turning Point USA, and the Utah Valley event marked the first stop of his "The American Comeback Tour," which invited students on college campuses to debate hot-button issues.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/video/100-war-veteran-volunteers-history-128305486
Article: At 100, war veteran still volunteers to tell history Danny New speaks to Arthur Grabiner, a WW II veteran who continues to educate people about his experience during the war in the Pacific.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/library-construction-south-korea-collapses-killing-1-trapping-128305122
Article: South Korean officials say a library under construction in the southern city of Gwanju has collapsed, leaving one worker dead and three others trapped under the rubble Library under construction in South Korea collapses, killing 1 and trapping 3 The Associated Press By The Associated Press The Associated Press The Associated Press Firefighters try to rescue workers trapped under a collapsed structure at a library construction site in Gwangju, South Korea, Thursday, Dec. (Cho Nam-soo/Yonhap via AP) SEOUL, South Korea -- A library under construction in South Korea collapsed on Thursday, leaving one worker dead and three others trapped under the rubble, officials said.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/wireStory/joel-brennan-former-top-evers-aide-joins-crowded-128306159
Article: Tony Evers’ administration is running to succeed the two-term Democrat This photo provided by Joel Brennan's campaign shows Democratic candidate for Wisconsin governor Joel Brennan posing for a portrait in Milwaukee, Nov. Brennan, president of the Greater Milwaukee Committee, told The Associated Press that he would be a governor who both fights President Donald Trump's “chaos and dysfunction” and works across the aisle with Republicans in the state. “But there’s a difference between just fighting and getting something done.” Brennan said he wants to build relationships with both Democrats and Republicans to “roll up our sleeves and work together.” Other Democrats in the race include Lt. Brennan, 55, said he can differentiate himself from his rivals with his 25 years of experience in the private sector and also as Evers' top aide for the first three years of his administration. “None of us can say that we have been governor, and each one of us will have to prove that we have the temperament and have the ability to do things on day 1.” Brennan was secretary of the state Department of Administration from 2019 to 2022. Since then he has been president of the Greater Milwaukee Committee, a group of about 200 leaders from business, financial institutions, law firms, nonprofits and others working to improve the economy and civic life of southeastern Wisconsin.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/11/reflation-is-back-says-deutsche-bank-as-central-banks-diverge-from-fed.html
Article: In contrast to US rates, the rest of the world looks far more interesting," George Saravelos, global head of FX Research at Deutsche Bank, said in a note issued ahead of the announcement. A "sharp re-pricing was underway" in Australia, Saravelos said, as the market now expects a rate hike by the Reserve Bank of Australia when it meets in February, having kept rates at 3.6% on Tuesday. So in terms of the path to normalization and getting to a more neutral interest rate stance, and its knock on effects and asset pricing, I think Japan is very, very interesting," Samarth added. Deutsche Bank's Saravelos pointed to European equities "at record highs" and the Euro-area PMI data being "consistent with annualized GDP growth of around 1.5%" as signs that the bloc's growth has picked up. "This is already higher than consensus expectations for next year, even before the German fiscal stimulus has kicked in and with private saving rates at the highs," he said, but added that "they have plenty of potential to come down, especially in the event of a Russia–Ukraine peace deal." "We've been espousing a bullish view on Eastern European and Scandinavian currencies as the preferred way of expressing the bullish European reflation story in recent weeks," Saravelos added. Read more Here are the five big takeaways from Wednesday's Fed rate decision Swiss central bank holds interest rate at 0% as inflation cools; European markets dip Use 2026 dips ‘opportunistically’ to get into mega trends at more attractive valuations: Strategist Stateside, the markets are pricing in two rate cuts by September next year. "So long as The Fed delivers only two Fed cuts by September next year, you're not going to have a meaningful impact on the exchange rate to result in any more imported disinflation," Andrzej Szczepaniak, senior European economist at Nomura, told CNBC's "Europe Early Edition" on Thursday. While the ECB tends to follow the Fed, Szczepaniak noted that there is history of banks diverging "if the macro cycles warranted it." The Fed raised rates in most of 2016-2017, while the ECB was largely unchanged over that period.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/11/russias-charm-offensive-on-trump-leaves-europe-scrambling-to-win-him-back.html
Article: Contributor | Getty Images News | Getty Images Russia appears to be relishing Europe and Ukraine's discomfort after a week of outspoken criticism from both the White House and U.S. Separately, Trump also slammed Ukraine's approach to peace talks, claiming earlier this week that President Volodymyr Zelenskyy hadn't even read the U.S.' draft peace proposal to end the war, while Russia, Trump said, was "fine with it." watch now Charm offensive For Russia, that has meant going on a charm offensive to praise Trump and to promote a sense that Washington and Moscow are aligned on how to end the almost four-year war. On Wednesday, Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov reiterated that Russia appreciated Trump's "desire for dialogue and for resolving the conflict in Ukraine" and that the two sides shared a "fundamental understanding that a lasting settlement is impossible without eliminating the root causes of the crisis." For Russia, those "root causes" of the war include NATO enlargement in eastern Europe, a pro-Western leadership in Ukraine and a desire to occupy the eastern Ukrainian region of Donbas, where pro-Russian separatists have been backed by Russia long before the current war started in 2022. President Donald Trump greets Russian President Vladimir Putin, as they meet to negotiate for an end to the war in Ukraine, at Joint Base Elmendorf-Richardson in Anchorage, Alaska, on the floor at the New York Stock Exchange in New York City, U.S., August 15, 2025. Brendan Mcdermid | Reuters As such, any U.S.-backed peace plan that eradicates some of those bugbears — and hands over the Donbas region to Russia and rules out Ukraine's succession to NATO — as well as a deal that forces leadership elections in Ukraine, is music to Russia's ears. That's in large part why Moscow has been so keen to align itself with Trump and the "original" U.S.-backed peace plan that was devised with its input and without Ukraine's involvement. Battle over Trump Meanwhile, Ukraine and its European allies are desperately trying to keep Washington on side in order to prevent a potential loss of territory and sovereignty for Ukraine in a peace deal that could be forced on Kyiv, which could have far-reaching consequences for Europe's future security. Left on the sidelines, European leaders have been trying to boost Ukraine's chances of getting a good deal, with Zelenskyy holding a flurry of meetings with regional leaders this week in a bid to bolster the arguments for Kyiv's "red lines" in any peace deal, mainly that Kyiv receives security guarantees as part of a peace deal, and that it does not have to cede land to Russia. Showing a willingness to compromise, Ukraine has openly conceded that future NATO membership is a vanishingly thin prospect, and Zelenskyy has said he's ready for the country to hold new elections if they can be held in a secure way.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/video/newsfeed/2025/12/11/video-al-jazeera-reports-from-cambodian-displacement-camp?traffic_source=rss
Article: NewsFeed Video: Al Jazeera reports from Cambodian displacement camp Al Jazeera’s Barnaby Lo has been to a displacement camp in Cambodia where people have taken refuge from cross-border fighting with Thailand.

Link: https://www.latimes.com/science/story/2025-12-11/causes-of-autism
Article: Advertisement Even after more than half a century of research, no one yet knows exactly why some people have autistic traits and others do not, or why autism spectrum disorder looks so different across the people who have it. There is no evidence for a single trigger that causes autism, and certainly not one a child encounters after birth: not a vaccine, a parenting style or a post-circumcision Tylenol . Advertisement “The real reason why it’s complicated, the more fundamental one, is that there’s not a single cause,” said Irva Hertz-Picciotto , a professor of public health science and director of the Environmental Health Sciences Center at UC Davis. “It’s not a single cause from one person to the next, and not a single cause within any one person.” Kennedy, an attorney who has no medical or scientific training, has called research into autism’s genetics a “dead end.” Autism researchers counter that it’s the only logical place to start. “If we know nothing else, we know that autism is primarily genetic,” said Joe Buxbaum, a molecular neuroscientist who directs the Seaver Autism Center for Research and Treatment at the Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai. “And you don’t have to actually have the exact genes [identified] to know that something is genetic.” Advertisement Some neurodevelopment disorders arise from a difference in a single gene or chromosome. If one fraternal twin is autistic, the chance that the other twin is also autistic is about 20%, or about the same as it would be for a nontwin sibling. Advertisement “Genetics does not operate in a vacuum, and at the same time, the impact of the environment on people is going to depend on a person’s individual genetics,” said Brian K. One move from the Department of Health and Human Services has been met with cautious optimism: even as Kennedy slashed funding to other research projects, the department in September announced a $50-million initiative to explore the interactions of genes and environmental factors in autism, which has been divided among 13 different research groups at U.S. Advertisement But many say they fear that such decisions will be an anomaly under Kennedy, who has repeatedly rejected facts that don’t conform to his preferred hypotheses, elevated shoddy science and muddied public health messaging on autism with inaccurate information.

Link: https://www.latimes.com/california/story/2025-12-11/our-lady-of-guadalupe-donald-trump
Article: Advertisement “For nearly 250 years, Mary has played a distinct role in our great American story,” Trump declared, offering a brief Catholic history of the United States that would’ve made this country’s Puritan forefathers retch. He even shouted out Our Lady of Guadalupe’s feast day, commending the “steadfast devotion to Mary that originated in the heart of Mexico.” Voices Arellano: Catholic Church puts foot down on Trump’s mass deportation policy. That’s a start When millions of European immigrants came to the United States in the 19th century only to be scorned by mainstream society, it was the Catholic Church that embraced them, taught that keeping the customs of one’s native lands was not bad and created systems of mutual aid and education for the newcomers that didn’t rely on the government. 8, when Catholics celebrate the birth of the Virgin Mary, with the caption “Happy birthday, Mary!” I wish I could say Guadalupe is changing Trump’s shriveled excuse of a heart. Advertisement A study released earlier this year by a coalition of evangelical and Catholic groups found that 61% of immigrants at risk of deportation in this country identify as Catholic, while nearly one-fifth of U.S. In Chicago, where immigration agents terrorized residents all fall, officials at the Shrine of Our Lady of Guadalupe in suburban Des Plaines are seeing the same even as they adopt security measures to reassure attendees. Out in the Coachella Valley, a beloved pilgrimage in honor of la guadalupana held for more than 20 years was canceled, with organizers announcing on Facebook in Spanish that the faithful should instead do a “spiritual interior pilgrimage where our mother invites us to keep us united in a secure environment.” Advertisement Since July, San Bernardino diocese bishop Alberto Rojas has allowed Catholics to skip Mass because of all the raids in the Inland Empire. “We should be anticipating the joy of Christmas, surrounded by our family in celebration,” Duca wrote, “instead of the experience of anxiety and fear.” The late Pope Francis meets with U.S. That’s why, as we end a terrible year and Trump vows to escalate his cruel anti-immigrant campaign in the next one, Catholics and non-Catholics alike need to remember who Our Lady of Guadalupe is like never before. The faithful believe that Guadalupe appeared in 1531 near modern day Mexico City — not before the conquering Spanish priests who were destroying the old ways of the Aztecs and other Indigenous groups, but to the conquered who looked like her. and remedy all their miseries, sorrows, and pains.” Siding with the underdogs against the elites is why Mexicans carried Guadalupe’s banner in the War of Independence and during the Mexican Revolution. Why Cesar Chavez carried her during United Farm Workers marches and why generations of Chicano artists have reimagined la virgencita as everything from a bikini-clad model to a jogger — the more quotidian, the better. It’s why there are 19 parishes, sanctuaries and missions named after her in the dioceses of Orange, Los Angeles and San Bernardino — by far the most of any saint, sacrament or Marian apparition in the Southland. It’s why the late Pope Francis regularly celebrated mass in honor of Guadalupe’s feast day at the Vatican and admonished those who wished to “gain ideological advantage over the mystery of Guadalupe” last year during a homily at St. Presiding over the service was Cardinal Robert Prevost, who is now Pope Leo XIV and whose devotion to Guadalupe is such that he was consecrated as a bishop 11 years ago this Dec. They’re the ones that have successfully spent millions of dollars to move the church in the United States to the right (55% of Catholics chose Trump last year), repeatedly tried to torpedo the reforms of Pope Francis and are already souring on Pope Leo for describing Trump’s raids as “extremely disrespectful” to the dignity of migrants. They’re the ones who have expressed more outrage over the assassination of conservative firebrand Charlie Kirk this fall than the suffering that millions of their fellow Catholics have endured all year under Trump.

Link: https://www.latimes.com/california/story/2025-12-11/scandals-local-fairs-california-from-san-diego-to-del-norte
Article: The Times identified at least 26 fairs statewide where, in the last decade, employees or appointed officials have been accused of siphoning taxpayer money, pressuring businesses for bribes or committing egregious mismanagement. Contra Costa County Fair Nearly $90,000 in cash was reportedly stolen from a fair employee in 2024 as they were trying to deposit it at an ATM around 2 a.m. The president was then removed from his post by the governor’s office for speaking publicly about “an active investigation.” A 2025 audit also found that fair officials were not reviewing employees’ use of credit cards, which included a $545 for a “tune up” for a personal vehicle. Del Norte County Fair A 2019 state audit found that fair officials improperly spent more than $1,200 on alcohol in violation of state rules , overspent on hotels and allowed a manager to employ a close family member. A 2025 state audit found additional violations of the state’s nepotism policy , along with $34,000 in credit card charges without receipts, including $11,000 spent on food without a clear business purpose. El Dorado County Fair According to a 2019 El Dorado County grand jury report, the county was paying rent to a non profit to use property that was in fact owned by the county . Schaben / Los Angeles Times) Merced County Fair The fair did not keep track of unleaded fuel , did not collect thousands of dollars it was owed from a fair foundation and handed out tens of thousands of dollars in contracts without competitive bidding or in some cases without a written agreement, according to a 2023 audit. Monterey County Fair A 2025 audit found numerous issues, including $87,000 in credit card charges for which there were no receipts, along with purchases that auditors considered improper, including $4,320 for “personal items,” $3,588 for gift cards and $25,000 on food and beverages without proper documentation. Napa Valley Town and Country Fair A 2024 audit found fair officials spent $14,000 on their credit cards without receipts, along with $27,000 on food without providing a clear business purpose. Orange County Fair A 2019 state audit found that fair officials did not properly report it when an employee embezzled $9,000 and also that fair officials spent more than $200,000 on food and beverages in 2018 without keeping track of whom the meals were for or what purpose they served. San Joaquin County Fair A 2019 state audit found that the fair could not account for more than $19,000 in state gas and also spent thousands of dollars in public money on “inappropriate purchases” of food and other items. Santa Barbara County Fair and Exposition Employees spent tens of thousands of dollars buying gas and could not document it was all for state purposes, according to a 2022 audit. Shasta District Fair In 2024, Shasta County agreed to pay $300,000 to settle a lawsuit brought by a 9-year-old girl and her family after sheriff’s deputies seized her goat so it could be butchered. (Courtesy of Advancing Law For Animals) Stanislaus County Fair A 2023 audit found, among other things, that fair officials improperly used state credit cards on “lavish dinners” for the fair’s board of directors , including prime rib and ribeye steaks. Tulare County Fair A 2020 state audit found that an employee was improperly reimbursed more than $20,000 for duplicate expenses and that state rules were not followed in numerous instances. Ventura County Fair In 2023, four men, including a man who worked for a payment company at the fair, pleaded guilty to stealing more than $500,000 in cash from a safe at the fair office. Yolo County Fair A 2025 audit found that fair officials spent $220,000 on their credit cards without receipts, including $5,077 in gifts, $2,837 in party supplies and $936 in personal items. In their response, officials acknowledged some improper expenses but added: “previous employees are responsible” and it would cost “more to recoup the costs than the value of the improper spending.” Advertisement Source: State audits, court documents and county grand jury reports.

Link: https://www.latimes.com/california/story/2025-12-11/undocumented-students-navigate-post-daca
Article: In 2017, when he turned 15, he was finally old enough to apply for the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program, only for it to slip from his grasp right before he started the paperwork, when it was rescinded by the Trump administration. Then, in 2020, Alex was set to graduate at the top of his class and had racked up a slew of college acceptances, including a full ride to Harvard University. Advertisement “It was almost like the system was taunting me,” said Alex, who is now a Cal State University graduate student and chose to use his middle name for fear of being targeted by immigration authorities. “No matter how you excel, the system always comes back to haunt you, to remind you that you did all of that, and yet you really don’t have a choice.” A promise of work authorization and deportation protection pulled a generation of undocumented youth out of the shadows when DACA first went into effect in 2012. Gaby Pacheco, who was undocumented while in high school and helped spearhead organizing efforts that led to DACA in the 2000s, said the current undocumented youth are “experiencing the same kind of heartbreaks” and limitations that her generation did. Many of these concerns aren’t new, but “they feel so much bigger and closer than they ever have before” because of the hostile immigration strategy and rhetoric, said Corinne Kentor, a senior manager of research and policy at the Presidents’ Alliance on Higher Education and Immigration. The current Trump administration is attempting to further close the door by suing California in November , alleging that the state’s decades-long offering of in-state tuition to undocumented students is unlawful. The population has also shrunk, down from its peak of more than 700,000 recipients, with some adjusting their status through marriage or children, said Javier Carbajal-Ramos, a coordinator for the Dream Resource Center at Los Angeles Valley College. But then, the system changed.” Alex, who was brought to the country by his mother from El Salvador in the early 2000s, couldn’t qualify for DACA because he was five years shy of the minimum age to apply. My past, my present and my future are all being negotiated by people who legitimately don’t see humanity in me.” Advertisement Higher education is a gamble Attending college is a risk for undocumented students. “My mom’s biggest mistake has always been thinking that there were going to be people on this side of the border who believed in her child just as much as she does,” Alex said. “They’ve done all that they can to continue to believe for me and for themselves that something has to work.” School has always felt like a “veil of protection” for Alex. “It was surprising seeing a group of people that really wanted to help me out.” Colleges and universities across the country also have established dream resource centers, which provide services, grants and support to immigrant students. There are 161 centers at campuses across the state, including nearly all community colleges and every Cal State and UC campus; 14 private universities also have dream centers in California. Carbajal-Ramos, who is the regional representative for centers across the Los Angeles area, said it’s important to meet students where they are and not shy away from the precarious realities they live in. It’s my responsibility to keep it that way.” Alex, who is now only months away from finishing his master’s degree, is hoping to enroll in a PhD program next fall.

Link: https://www.latimes.com/california/story/2025-12-11/l-a-county-lacked-satellite-tracking-eaton-fire
Article: When the Eaton fire broke out in the foothills near Altadena, the Los Angeles County Fire Department did not have access to a satellite-based fire-tracking program regularly used by other agencies, depriving officials of intelligence that could have been helpful in determining evacuations. The National Guard’s FireGuard program, which analyzes images from military satellites to distribute real-time fire progression maps several times an hour, is considered particularly helpful to fire officials when aircraft can’t fly. Advertisement The county has faced months of criticism after The Times revealed in January that officials did not order evacuations for west Altadena until nine hours after the fire started. All but one of the 19 people who died in the Eaton fire were found in west Altadena, among them a 54-year-old woman whose family has claimed she died because of the delayed evacuation alerts. The findings raise further questions about how the county fire agency prepared for and responded to the deadly blaze, particularly with how officials failed to issue timely evacuation alerts for west Altadena and appeared completely overwhelmed as embers and flames marched westward. Some experts say it’s possible FireGuard satellite mapping could have better informed incident commanders, particularly on evacuation decisions, though it’s far from clear how it might have changed the response — if at all. Advertisement Mapping from FireGuard, reviewed months after the fire, showed it did track the fire’s steady progression west for several hours before flames overran west Altadena — and well before the evacuation alerts went out. Fire Chief Anthony Marrone said the program, along with plans for other technological improvements, will “aid in future wildfires but will never replace the primary source of situational awareness such as by air and reporting back from the field.” Barger wouldn’t go so far as to say the Fire Department missed an opportunity by not having FireGuard in place, but focused on how volatile the conditions were that night. “The fire chief has said that, quite frankly, they were outpaced on this fire because it was moving so rapidly.” But some recent analyses of the fire have confirmed that there were earlier signs that the fire was shifting west, though it’s unclear how well they were realized by fire officials. County officials have repeatedly failed to provide a detailed explanation into why the evacuation alerts for west Altadena came so late, or who was responsible, but a Times review of the process makes clear that county officials were several steps behind the fire as it spread west. In an independent review of the county’s evacuation system, completed by McChrystal Group in September, investigators found that some officials didn’t realize how far west the fire had spread until well into the morning of Jan. Advertisement California No ‘smoking gun’: Why Eaton fire report didn’t name names or assign blame Consultants who reviewed the delayed Altadena evacuation orders said their report wasn’t designed to investigate wrongdoing or assign blame, something that fire victims and some experts worry will help officials dodge accountability. The report noted there was a “sudden shift” in the direction of the fire and an increase in winds around 3 a.m., prompting “an urgent need to assess and coordinate priorities.” The report also found that around this time county fire officials believed that all areas “directly impacted by or at risk from the Eaton fire had already received an evacuation warning order.” That narrative doesn’t appear in sync with available FireGuard mapping and a timeline of the fire compiled last month by state-hired investigators. FireGuard images from around that time also showed the fire clearly moving west in the San Gabriel foothills north of Altadena, though it was also simultaneously expanding on an eastern edge close to Sierra Madre. By 1:30 a.m., “multiple structure fires were reported on Lake Avenue,” around which time a firefighter tried to investigate the extent of the fire west of Lake but was stopped by “intense fire conditions that worsen,” the state report found. “Unified command did their very best to identify evacuation zones to be alerted based on the information available to them at that time,” Heidi Oliva, a spokesperson for the L.A. “When unified command learned that the fire was seen north of Lake and moving west, it validated and acted to issue the orders that were sent out.” Advertisement Although Oliva acknowledged that the FireGuard maps showed the fire moving northwest the night of Jan. 7, she said that “to be clear, the FireGuard imagery or data was not available to us at the time of the incident.” “Any information that would help improve situational awareness would be beneficial to unified command,” she said. “We believe that FireGuard is an additional tool that will better inform unified incident commanders of a fire’s movement thus providing greater situational awareness to enhance decision-making on all aspects of a fire, evacuations included, especially when aircraft is grounded.” But she was adamant that the program will not be a panacea. Shawn Tyrie, a partner with McChrystal Group who reviewed the FireGuard maps, said they provide some helpful information, but he noted the maps didn’t pick up smaller spot fires and aren’t very detailed. The California Governor’s Office of Emergency Services said FireGuard data have been available to any agency in the state through several common operating platforms, including one that the office made accessible to all local government agencies in May 2023, according to Matt Notley, a spokesperson for the office. Federal officials cited the technology as key in helping facilitate the evacuation of about 35,000 people during the 2021 Marshall fire in Boulder, Colo., during which aircraft were grounded for the first eight hours of the blaze. The Times reached out to more than 10 of the largest firefighting agencies in California, the majority of which confirmed that they had access to FireGuard as of January and had implemented the data into their systems and processes. Advertisement Phillip SeLegue, staff chief of CalFire’s intelligence program, noted that while FireGuard still has some shortcomings — it doesn’t provide a full fire perimeter and requires internet connectivity to access — it has still become a game changer for “early detection and ongoing assessment.” “It’s very valuable to us.... “What FireGuard gives us is 24/7, persistent coverage.” In addition to CalFire (which includes its many cooperative jurisdictions such as unincorporated San Diego and Riverside counties), the fire departments for Ventura, San Bernardino, Orange, Kern and Santa Clara counties and the Angeles National Forest confirmed to The Times that they have used FireGuard data for years, and most said it’s used for early detection, situational awareness or both. The Los Angeles Fire Department, responsible for fires in the city and the lead agency responding to the Palisades fire, did not respond to several questions about its FireGuard use or access. Operated by California and Colorado National Guard troops, FireGuard uses Department of Defense satellites to detect and track wildfires, distributing unclassified information among firefighting networks, according to the National Guard. County, Oliva said, the county fire agency was “not aware that it was an available tool that could accurately track a fire’s progression and no other agencies that responded to the Eaton fire ... shared any Fireguard data with us.” Officials with agencies that have been using FireGuard described it as a helpful application in a growing landscape of fire technology, mostly used for higher-level decision-making. He called it “one small tool in the toolbox.” Advertisement While some helicopters were grounded during the 2024 Mountain fire, Dowd said, fixed-wing aircraft were still able to fly, so FireGuard wasn’t relied on for situational awareness. “On certain fires, when I’m not getting anything else, I have definitely used it,” said Erin Opliger, a special projects leader with the San Bernardino County Fire Department, who works on geographic information systems and data analytics for the agency. “It does show [a fire’s] general spread.” Suzann Leininger, who works on intelligence with CalFire-San Diego County, said the maps from the FireGuard program don’t show exact perimeters but still provide useful progression information. It’s great to have new data, but you also have to be skilled at how to use it, and to make that plan in advance.” Advertisement Tyrie agreed that will be the challenge.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/americans-get-refunds-2000-next-year-scott-bessent-11192552
Article: Why It Matters The refunds outlined by Bessent could provide households with a significant boost in disposable income early next year and would represent one of the most tangible results of Trump's signature tax legislation. White House National Economic Council Director Kevin Hassett made similar comments when speaking to CNBC on Monday, telling the outlet that Americans would likely receive an extra $1,600 to $2,000 next year, largely through tax refunds. What People Are Saying Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent told a reporter on Wednesday: "The bill was passed in July, working Americans didn't change their withholding, so they're going to be getting very large refunds in the first quarter. Then, they'll change their withholding, and they'll get a real increase in their wages." White House National Economic Council Director Kevin Hassett told CNBC on Monday: "We're going into next year, where the typical person who's got no tax on tips, no tax on overtime is probably going to see an extra $1,600 to $2,000. A lot of that will come as tax refunds in the beginning of the year." What Happens Next Bessent said Americans should expect the refunds in the first quarter of 2026.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/ncaa/michigan-damaging-accusations-sherrone-moore-firing-11191236
Article: The Michigan Wolverines shocked the college football world on Wednesday when they fired head coach Sherrone Moore after it was revealed that he allegedly had an inappropriate relationship with a UM staffer. While the news came out of left field for most fans and analysts, noted college football insider Josh Pate revealed on “Josh Pate’s College Football Show” on Wednesday evening that several agents expected the Michigan job to come open in the not-too-distant future. More News: Chip Kelly Interviewed for Job With Major College Football Program “You find out after signing day, which I think was timed purposefully, that he is fired for cause,” Pate stated. So any names that you throw out there, any speculation, it’s not coming as a surprise.” More News: Miami Linked to Elite 5-Star QB Amid Transfer Portal Rumors Michigan has the 11th-ranked recruiting class in the country, according to 247Sports. The Wolverines signed 27 players in that class, which is headlined by five-star edge-rusher Carter Meadows, five-star running back Savion Hiter, and a pair of four-star defensive linemen in Alister Vallejo and Titan Davis.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/if-you-defend-human-rights-these-missing-children-matter-too-opinion-11190622
Article: aid or send troops “guns-a-blazing” unless the Nigerian government acts against the “mass slaughter.” This high-profile pressure may well have spurred Nigerian authorities to secure the release of over 100 abducted children just weeks later.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/two-national-parks-to-get-bigger-under-new-proposal-11191841
Article: Senators for California Adam Schiff and Alex Padilla have proposed to expand Joshua Tree National Park by more than 20,000 acres and Santa Monica Mountains National Recreation Area by an extra 100,000 acres. Why It Matters The National Parks have faced a staffing crisis since there were mass layoffs at the start of the year, alongside budget cuts, which were notably unpopular among Americans, according to a survey conducted from October to November. Going into the summer, the NPS faced its "lowest staffing levels in modern history," according to the National Parks Conversation Association, prompting significant concern about the management and upkeep of the parks as there have been record numbers of visitors in recent years. Representative for California Laura Friedman introduced the Rim of the Valley Corridor Preservation Act, which was built on previous legislation, the Rim of the Valley Corridor Study Act, that the senator brought forward in 2008. The bill would protect some of the last wild and open spaces in the Los Angeles area, alongside adding over 118,000 acres to the Santa Monica Mountains National Recreation Area, which is more than 150,000 acres. Schiff's office said in a press release that the expansion of the Santa Monica Mountains National Recreation Area boundary would respect private property rights and existing local land use authorities. The DOI also shared the list of the National Parks fee-free days for 2026, or as it called them, "resident-only patriotic fee-free days," which are significantly different to those this year. In place of MLK Day, a federal holiday paying tribute to the civil rights leader's equality and justice legacy, and Juneteenth, a federal holiday commemorating the end of slavery in the U.S., the department's list of fee-free days in 2026 instead included more former presidents' birthdays, as well as Flag Day—which is President Donald Trump's birthday. There will also be changes to the entrance costs for foreign visitors and new digital passes, which will have a picture of Trump on them, according to the news outlet People. What People Are Saying Senator Schiff said in a statement: "The Rim of the Valley contains some of the last wild and open spaces in Los Angeles and connects our urban city centers and suburbs with the beautiful outdoors. We must protect these natural treasures for future generations, so they too can experience the beautiful hiking, abundant wildlife, diverse ecosystem, and significant historic sites found in the Santa Monica Mountains Recreation Area." Senator Padilla said in a hearing, according to news outlet SFGATE: "Having grown up in the San Fernando Valley, I can tell you firsthand how too many communities are denied true access to the outdoors. And the benefit of being in natural environments for communities who can look up at the mountains but feel like it’s a world away to have access or try to get there." What Happens Next Both bills still need to be voted on and passed by the Senate Energy and Natural Resources Committee before either can come to fruition.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nfl/joe-burrows-raw-honesty-sparks-major-bengals-trade-speculation-11191151
Article: When you think of Cincinnati Bengals quarterback Joe Burrow, you probably imagine him wearing a gigantic fluffy coat or out on the field throwing bombs to one of his star wide receivers. Well, after a season that has truly tested him on every level, that was the appearance of Burrow earlier this week, on his birthday, as he had to answer questions from reporters. For Burrow, who ascended to superstar status at LSU and then only a few short years later led the Bengals to a Super Bowl, it has been a turbulent tumble down since losing to the Los Angeles Rams in that 2021 season. Along with a multitude of injuries enhanced by a shoddy offensive line, the team’s defense has declined year after year, forcing Burrow to put up MVP numbers to even keep his team in games. If it’s not fun, what am I doing it for?” When asked whether his frustration stemmed from on-field issues or personal ones, Burrow deadpanned, “all of the above,” as he waited for the rest of the interview questions to end. More news: NFL Draft to Undergo Major Change in 2026 After clips of the interview hit social media, trade speculation started spreading fast, with even Bengals content and media members wondering what the future holds for Burrow in Cincinnati.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/bmws-neue-klasse-design-was-in-the-pipeline-for-two-decades-11183377
Article: “We're not just observing passively, we're creating it and we're anticipating it for the BMW Group…We get to be the design team that's working in California, and a responsibility we don't take lightly, because we're more than just a traditional satellite studio. We like to think of ourselves as the door into BMW.” An autos project that started two decades ago has finally revealed itself fully in the debut and launch of BMW’s Neue Klasse next-generation vehicles. At a closed event for media, BMW pulled back the curtain on some of what Designworks has been a part of over its decades-long history, including a project that started in 2002 to design an SUV for the American market. The large model, which was not allowed to be photographed, had a large body form that appeared like an amalgamation of the current X4 and X7 SUVs, similar in size to today's X5 SUV. The 20-year old concept's a long, longitudinal grille area is unmistakably linked to the new BMW iX3, the automaker’s first Neue Klasse model to become publicly revealed and go on sale. Adrian van Hooydonk, senior vice president of BMW Group design, explained that the design work can take years to marinate and a final design only comes to fruition when the time is right, undergoing variations along the way and being refined depending on company product goals.

Link: https://abc13.com/post/gulfton-woman-says-cat-tried-defend-during-armed-robbery-apartment-suspects-charged/18273804/
Article: Gulfton woman says her cat tried to defend her during armed robbery at apartment HOUSTON, Texas (KTRK) -- A Gulfton woman says her cat met the moment when two men barged into her apartment and robbed her at gunpoint.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/11/eli-lillys-weight-loss-drug-retatrutide-clears-first-late-stage-study.html
Article: Eli Lilly on Thursday said its next-generation obesity drug delivered strong weight loss and reduced knee arthritis pain in a late-stage study, clearing the first of several upcoming trials on the weekly injection. The highest dose of the drug helped patients with obesity and a type of knee arthritis lose an average of 23.7% of their body weight at 68 weeks, when analyzing all participants, including those who discontinued treatment. Retatrutide also met the trial's other main goal of reducing pain from knee osteoarthritis – a common condition that wears down the joint's cartilage and leads to pain and stiffness – by up to 62.6% on average when analyzing all patients, based on a widely used survey. The company believes retatrutide "could become an important option for patients with significant weight loss needs and certain complications, including knee osteoarthritis," Kenneth Custer, president of Lilly Cardiometabolic Health, said in a statement. Eli Lilly said those dropout rates were "highly correlated" to patients' starting BMI and included discontinuations due to "perceived excessive weight loss." Around 43% of patients on the highest dose experienced nausea, while roughly 33% and 20.9% had diarrhea and vomiting, respectively.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/sports/nfl/fantasy-football-nfl-doctors-medical-professionals-rcna232020
Article: Then from there, you narrow it down to the different injuries you can have for that area.” Initially, Morse wrote that it was a “left toe injury” that was a “turf toe vs. Morse then said he was “expecting Joe Burrow to miss at the minimum four weeks but [the injury could be] potentially season-ending.” After Burrow had surgery, Morse wrote that “there’s a small chance he’s able to return in December.” Burrow got back on the field against the Baltimore Ravens on Nov. “It’s really important to be measured in the language that you use and just kind of say, ‘These are possible outcomes, and it seems like it’s more likely it’s this one, but without having imaging results or physical exam, it could definitely be one of these less severe cases.’ I try to give all the options out there.” Though they work to be as precise as possible, some other medical professionals say they aren’t sure that the standard has been met. “The guys I played fantasy football with knew (I treated athletes) and were asking me questions all the time, and that’s how I started to realize that the information was probably marketable,” she said. “And I saw that fantasy football was growing.” Today, she is considered one of the most trusted injury experts in sports media, co-hosting the popular “Fantasy Focus Football” podcast and making regular television appearances. “They’re frustrated because they’re like, ‘I can tell you how much more goes into it with being there, and we still don’t always know.’ So I understand there’s an appetite for quick information, but for me, in my professional lifetime, that’s just not where I’m gonna live.” Dr. Cooke, an orthopedic surgeon outside Detroit who was a team doctor with the Tigers and a consultant for the Red Wings, said fans must be skeptical about what they see online. “Not to sound too boisterous, I don’t think the majority of them really know what’s going on.” Cooke was in a five-year orthopedic surgery residency followed by a one-year sports medicine fellowship at Kerlan Jobe Medical Center in Los Angeles. It’s someone who certainly could fit a role, but they’re not an expert in the area.” “There’s only a finite amount of people I really trust what they say,” he said later. Oftentimes, in my opinion, they’re very, very wrong.” Though most take extra caution when they make diagnoses, specifically saying a certain injury or timetable is “possible” or “likely,” there are times when the medical professionals miss the mark. While he agreed with Cooke that some online doctors may not have the proper credentials — and urged fans to be wary of diagnoses off video alone — they are knowledgeable enough for what they are being asked to give out. “However, if I’m looking at a video and I’m saying, ‘I think he ruptured his Achilles tendon, that’s what the video tape looks like it shows, and I wouldn’t count on him being back in the next four to six months,’ I don’t think there’s any harm in making that kind of speculation.” Colts quarterback Daniel Jones was arguably the biggest surprise early on in the NFL season. “He was like, ‘Oh, man, you’re the fantasy doc.’ And [my wife was] like, ‘Oh, my God, is this that fantasy football thing that no one watches?’ And the guy at the coffee shop was like, ‘No, no. We watch his videos.’ She was so annoyed.” Evan Jeffries, a physical therapist based in San Diego who breaks down injuries in all sports, not just football, has a bit more sympathy from his family. “They think I’m famous, and I tell them I’m definitely not famous.” For Morse — who says he earns $25,000 to $50,000 per year on average analyzing football injuries — money isn’t why he does it. “If you were to call up any random sports medicine doctor [or] orthopedic surgeon and say, ‘Hey, what happened to Jayden Daniels yesterday?’ There’s going to be like, ‘What the hell are you talking about?’”

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cwyp7rkkgvdo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: What we know about US seizure of oil tanker off Venezuela 2 hours ago Share Save Brandon Livesay Share Save Watch: Video shows US military seizing oil tanker off Venezuela coast A US helicopter flies low over a hazy blue sea as it approaches a massive ship. The video, released by the US government, shows the latest in a series of escalations in Washington's pressure campaign on Nicolás Maduro's government – the seizure of a crude oil tanker. The operation "We have just seized a tanker on the coast of Venezuela - a large tanker, very large, the largest one ever seized actually," Trump told reporters at the White House on Wednesday. The exact location of the tanker at the time of the seizure is not clear, but a senior military official told BBC's US partner CBS News that the vessel had just left a port in Venezuela. Planet Labs PBC The Skipper (the vessel on the right) was filmed by satellite on 18 November at the José Terminal, a facility in Barcelona, Venezuela, which is used by crude oil tankers The oil tanker Maritime risk company Vanguard Tech identified the vessel as the Skipper and said it believed the ship had been "spoofing" its position - or broadcasting a false location - for a long time. It is believed to have left the oil port of Jose on either 4 or 5 December, with about 1.8 million barrels of heavy crude oil on board, with about 200,000 barrels transferred to another vessel before the seizure, Reuters reported, citing analysis from TankerTrackers.com and the Venezuelan state oil company PDVSA. The US treasury department sanctioned the Skipper in 2022, CBS reported, for alleged involvement in oil smuggling that generated revenue for the Hezbollah group in Lebanon and the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps-Quds Force in Iran. BBC Verify located the tanker on MarineTraffic, which shows that the vessel was sailing under the flag of Guyana when its position was last updated two days prior to the seizure. I assume we're going to keep the oil." Global crude oil prices are trading at roughly $61 (£46) a barrel, meaning the stash aboard the skipper could be worth more than $95m - if it does indeed comprise 1.6m barrels after 200,000 were removed. Bondi, the top prosecutor in the US, said of the seized vessel: "For multiple years, the oil tanker has been sanctioned by the United States due to its involvement in an illicit oil shipping network supporting foreign terrorist organizations." Maduro has accused the US of using its ongoing military buildup in the Caribbean and "war on drugs" to try and depose him and get its hands on Venezuela's oil - something the US denies.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c8dyr37qzrno?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Hundreds of items taken in 'high-value' museum raid 59 minutes ago Share Save Tess de la Mare Bristol Share Save Avon and Somerset Police Police want to speak to these four men after more than 600 artefacts were stolen More than 600 artefacts "of significant cultural value" have been stolen from Bristol Museum's archive in a "high-value" raid, police say. "These items, many of which were donations, form part of a collection that provides insight into a multi-layered part of British history, and we are hoping that members of the public can help us to bring those responsible to justice," he added. "So far, our enquiries have included significant CCTV enquiries as well as forensic investigations and speaking liaising with the victims." Avon and Somerset Police The men are described as being white and were all wearing jackets and baseball caps Police are keen to speak to anyone who recognises the men captured on CCTV, or who may have seen possible stolen items being sold online.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cly91q9y2vlo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Hunger Games fans thrilled by return of Jennifer Lawrence 60 minutes ago Share Save Peter Gillibrand BBC Newsbeat Share Save Lionsgate Jennifer Lawrence and Josh Hutcherson were last seen in 2015's Mockingjay Part 2 Jennifer Lawrence and Josh Hutcherson are reportedly set to return to the Hunger Games in next year's highly anticipated prequel. US magazines The Hollywood Reporter and Deadline reported that Jennifer, 35, return as Katniss Everdeen while Josh, 33, will reprise his role of Peeta Mellark in The Hunger Games: Sunrise on the Reaping. One wrote: "For non-Hunger Games fans this is like Rihanna returning to music." Another added: "It's basically Jesus returning to Earth." But there were some who weren't happy to see the information revealed, saying it could have been kept an "emotional" surprise. Getty Images The Hunger Games is a global best-selling franchise which still lasts in popular culture today The Hunger Games: Sunrise on the Reaping also stars McKenna Grace, Maya Hawke and Ralph Fiennes and is due to hit cinemas in November 2026. Author Suzanne Collins' book of the same name sold more than 1.5 million copies worldwide during its release week earlier this year - the biggest debut for one of her books.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/czj0v87vn4go?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Man lost part of skull during ill-fated day out with friends 7 hours ago Share Save Paul Pigott BBC Wales Share Save David White David White was leaving a paintballing site when he hit his head, suffering catastrophic injuries When David White slipped after a day paintballing, he woke up to find he had crushed his skull and may never walk again. Now the 33-year-old from Rogerstone, Newport, says he enjoys his life more and, after five years of gruelling physiotherapy, he is helping others by volunteering on a brain rehabilitation unit. "I said to my mum I wish I'd never woken up." David White Mr White has endured five years of gruelling physiotherapy which included learning to walk again It was in September 2020, the engineer set out with friends for a day paintballing in Cowbridge, Vale of Glamorgan. After this activity passed fairly uneventfully, the group was packing up to go home, when David had what seemed like a minor fall, which left the right side of his skull crushed. He was also coming to terms with his new situation alone, as he was only allowed to see his mother and partner a few times over the first month in hospital because of Covid restrictions. "I'll never been the same as before but I'm getting as close as possible." Unable to do his old job, he said he started to think what a help it would have been to have been able to talk to someone else recovering in hospital from a brain injury and decide to volunteer. "There are times when I see other people moving around so much more easily than I can and I wish this didn't happen, but at the same time, I'm happy with my life," he said.

Link: https://www.bbc.co.uk/sounds/play/m002mr56?at_mid=7OzWAqtghc&at_campaign=Shadow_World_The_Anatomy_Of_A_Cancellation_Ep_5&at_medium=display_ad&at_campaign_type=owned&at_nation=NET&at_audience_id=SS&at_product=sounds&at_brand=m001zlz0&at_ptr_name=bbc&at_ptr_type=media&at_format=image&at_objective=consumption&at_link_title=Shadow_World_The_Anatomy_Of_A_Cancellation_Ep_5&at_bbc_team=BBC
Article: Presenter: Katie Razzall Producer: Charlotte McDonald Additional production: Octavia Woodward Production co-ordinators: Sophie Hill and Katie Morrison Sound design and mix: James Beard Story editing: Meara Sharma Series producer: Matt Willis Senior news editor: Clare Fordham Commissioning executive: Tracy Williams Commissioning editor: Dan Clarke It was a BBC Long Form Audio production for Radio 4.

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/12/11/g-s1-101694/up-first-newsletter-aca-vote-federal-reserve-interest-rates-venezuela
Article: Today's top stories The Senate is set to vote today on two health policy plans — one from Democrats and one from Republicans — aimed at reducing costs for individuals purchasing health insurance on Healthcare.gov. toggle caption Win McNamee/Getty Images 🎧 Republicans hold a small Senate majority, and because the bills need 60 votes to pass, NPR's Selena Simmons-Duffin tells Up First that neither option will likely move forward. Sponsor Message 🎧 Officials have not provided many details publicly about Holsey's departure, but it is unusual for a top commander to leave one year into a typical three-year assignment, Steve Walsh of NPR network station WHRO says. Sponsor Message 3 things to know before you go toggle caption Getty Images "Involution," an obscure term used in agricultural economics, is NPR's "Word of the Week." Here's how it leaped from academia into Chinese meme culture — and how it ultimately influenced government policymaking. This week's Far-Flung Postcard series takes you to a food stand in the one-horse town of Marikavalasa in India, where working women go to enjoy a treat and unwind in the evening before returning to the grind.

Link: https://www.washingtonpost.com/lifestyle/2025/12/11/ohio-drunk-driving-woman-thanks-trooper/
Article: It was from Slavens, who wrote that her gratitude for the trooper was “unmeasurable.” “On Dec 5th, 2015 — you pulled me over for speeding and subsequently arrested me for DUI, blowing a 0.10,” Slavens wrote. “I can never express to him how much that one interaction between the two of us just changed the entire trajectory of my life,” Slavens, 49, told The Washington Post. There, she connected with other alcoholics and adhered to a daily motto: “My only job today is to go to bed sober.” Slavens pleaded guilty to operating a vehicle impaired, according to court records, and her driver’s license was suspended for a year. Be expecting an open house invite soon!” Last week, the Ohio State Highway Patrol awarded Slavens a medallion and a certificate that said Slaven’s “annual messages of gratitude, and willingness to share her story reflect hope, resilience, and the impact of responsible choices.”

Link: https://www.washingtonpost.com/nation/2025/12/11/national-parks-pass-trump-photo/
Article: An environmental conservation group filed a lawsuit to halt federal plans to decorate next year’s national parks pass with an image of President Donald Trump’s face, arguing that federal law requires the pass to feature the winner of an annual nature photography competition instead. The standard America the Beautiful pass for 2026 was unveiled last month by the Department of the Interior, featuring side-by-side portraits of George Washington and Trump to mark the 250th anniversary of America’s founding. There’s nothing beautiful about that.” The lawsuit cites the 2004 Federal Lands Recreation Enhancement Act, which requires the secretaries of the interior and agriculture to “jointly hold an annual competition” to select a winning image to appear on the pass. The National Park Foundation’s competition rules state that submitted photos must “capture a moment that has been experienced on America’s federal public lands and waters.” The pass featuring Trump’s headshot was unveiled as part of a wider revamped offering last month, including plans starting Jan. White House deputy spokeswoman Anna Kelly said in an emailed statement Thursday: “Instead of filing frivolous lawsuits, this leftist group should be thanking President Trump for enhancing opportunities for Americans to enjoy our beautiful national parks.” The most recent winner of the National Park Foundation’s contest is a photograph of Glacier National Park in Montana’s Rocky Mountains. The group’s lawsuit also challenges the creation of the more expensive pass for overseas visitors, arguing that it was not one of the seven versions of the pass set out in the 2004 law. The Trump administration, the group says, violated the law “by refusing to use the contest-winning Glacier National Park photo on the main America the Beautiful Annual Pass, by substituting a photo of Trump that was not taken on federal land and was not entered in the public contest, and by creating new Resident and Nonresident passes expressly prohibited by the law.” The lawsuit claims that the use of Trump’s face on the 2026 resident pass harms those who compete in the annual photography contest and everyday park visitors, who it said are “being subjected to a recurring aesthetic harm from buying and using an Annual Pass adorned with Trump’s visage rather than Glacial National Park.”

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Business/bids-warner-bros-discovery-face-uncertain-trump-approval/story?id=128204415
Article: The rival multi-billion dollar efforts to purchase streaming platform HBO Max and movie studio Warner Bros., among other assets, could upend the media industry and shape content viewed by hundreds of millions of people. Discovery would likely be reviewed by the Trump administration, which could move to block a proposed merger over anti-monopoly concerns, according to antitrust experts from Vanderbilt University, the University of Tennessee and the Cardozo Law School. Discovery -- whether from Paramount or Netflix -- will likely face scrutiny from the Trump administration that could doom the proposal if agency officials consider the newly created company in violation of anti-monopoly law, experts said. The law prohibits mergers in which "the effect of such acquisition may be substantially to lessen competition, or to tend to create a monopoly." As part of its assessment, Trump officials would examine the market share of the newly created company, especially with regard to whether it could result in higher prices for consumers or reduced fees for creators selling content to media companies, Maurice Stucke, a law professor at the University of Tennessee, told ABC News. "It could be less content, less choice, less innovation and a decrease in quality -- all of those could be a concern." If the Trump administration considers a potential merger illegal, a federal agency could seek a settlement under terms that would assuage government concerns. A lawsuit would present a task for the Trump administration, Stucke said: "How do you prove this in court?" The potential merger could also receive scrutiny from state-level regulators or the European Union. Netflix may seek a broad definition of the market that includes consumers of online video, such as YouTube and short-form social media content, rather than merely traditional streaming, according to Weinstein. "This deal is pro-consumer, pro-innovation, pro-worker, it's pro-creator, it's pro-growth," Sarandos said, adding that the firm would "work really closely with all the appropriate governments and regulators." Paramount+ counts a smaller streaming audience than Netflix, recording about 79.1 million subscribers in September 2025, or less than a third of the audience of Netflix. Still, Paramount boasts a movie studio of its own, Paramount Pictures, presenting a risk of decreased competition for content production in the event of a potential merger, Rebecca Allensworth, a law professor at Vanderbilt University, told ABC News. "This will take away one of those options." Speaking to CNBC on Monday, Paramount Skydance CEO David Ellison addressed antitrust concerns, saying the offer from Paramount compares favorably to the one from Netflix when considered through the lens of preserving a competitive industry. "What we're creating by putting these two companies together is a real competitor to Netflix, a real competitor to Amazon, a real competitor to Disney -- not something that is so anti-competitive," Ellison said. "With bringing an antitrust claim, there's a lot of discretion." Trump, a frequent critic of major news outlets including CNN, told reporters on Sunday that he would "be involved" in the decision on a potential Warner Bros. Speaking on the red carpet at the Kennedy Center honors on Sunday, Trump raised antitrust concerns about a potential Netflix acquisition, saying the deal "could be a problem" due to the market share of the new firm. The circumstances afford the Trump administration leverage to extract potential concessions from a buyer like Netflix or Paramount, since in each case the purchase presents legitimate antitrust issues, granting Trump an opportunity to exercise robust oversight of the merger while seeking a favorable settlement, Allensworth said. As part of a process seeking Federal Communications Commission approval for its $8 billion acquisition of Paramount earlier this year, Skydance agreed to a series of concessions that appeared to align with the views of the Trump administration, including agreements to forego implementation of diversity, equity or inclusion programs and appoint an ombudsman. "That is why I welcome Skydance's commitment to make significant changes at the once storied CBS broadcast network." Experts underscored the uncertainty surrounding the outcome of a potential review of the Warner Bros.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/zelenskyy-hold-urgent-talks-30-countries-trump-pushes-128305121
Article: Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy is set to hold urgent talks with leaders from about 30 countries Zelenskyy will hold urgent talks with 30 countries as Trump pushes for swift peace deal with Russia A worker walks in front of a production hall after a recent Russian missile attack at DTEK's power plant in Ukraine, on Wednesday, Dec. (AP Photo/Evgeniy Maloletka) KYIV, Ukraine -- Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy was due to hold urgent talks Thursday with leaders and officials from about 30 countries that are supporting Kyiv’s effort to obtain fair terms for an end to the war with Russia. Trump said Wednesday that he and European leaders discussed proposals by phone in “pretty strong terms,” adding that Zelenskyy “has to be realistic” about his country’s position on a peace plan that would cede Ukrainian territory to Russia. German Chancellor Friedrich Merz said Thursday that he, British Prime Minister Keir Starmer and French President Emmanuel Macron suggested to Trump that they finalize the peace proposals together with U.S. Next week, Ukraine will coordinate with European countries on a bilateral level, Zelenskyy said late Wednesday, and European Union countries are due to hold a regular summit in Brussels at the end of next week. Russia’s Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov said Thursday that Russia has relayed to Washington “additional proposals … concerning collective security guarantees” that Ukraine and Europe say are needed to deter future aggression. Meanwhile, Ukrainian long-range drones hit a Russian oil rig in the Caspian Sea for the first time, according to an official in the Security Service of Ukraine who was not authorized to speak publicly about the attack and spoke on condition of anonymity. The oil rig is located in the northern part of the Caspian Sea, about 1,000 kilometers (600 miles) from Ukraine, and belongs to Russia’s second biggest oil company, Lukoil, the official told The Associated Press. Also, Ukraine launched one of its biggest drone attacks of the nearly four-year war overnight, forcing flights in and out of all four Moscow airports to be halted for seven hours.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/bangladesh-hold-national-elections-2024-mass-uprising-february-128307410
Article: 12, eighteen months after former Prime Minister Shiekh Hasina was ousted through a mass uprising following weeks of violence that left hundreds dead and thousands injured Bangladesh will hold first national elections since 2024 mass uprising in February By The Associated Press DHAKA, Bangladesh -- Bangladesh’s next national elections would be held on Feb. 12, eighteen months after former Prime Minister Shiekh Hasina was ousted through a mass uprising following weeks of violence that left hundreds dead and thousands injured, the chief election commissioner said Thursday.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Business/wireStory/tariffs-cost-us-households-1200-trump-returned-white-128305012
Article: Sweeping taxes on imports have cost the average American household nearly $1,200 since Donald Trump returned to the White House this year, according to calculations by Democrats on Congress’ Joint Economic Committee Tariffs have cost U.S. households $1,200 each since Trump returned to the White House, Democrats say WASHINGTON -- Sweeping taxes on imports have cost the average American household nearly $1,200 since Donald Trump returned to the White House this year, according to calculations by Democrats on Congress' Joint Economic Committee. Using Treasury Department numbers on revenue from tariffs and Goldman Sachs estimates of who ends up paying for them, the Democrats' report Thursday found that American consumers' share of the bill came to nearly $159 billion — or $1,198 per household — from February through November. “At a time when both parties should be working together to lower costs, the president’s tax on American families is simply making things more expensive.” In his second term, Trump has reversed decades of U.S. “President Trump’s tariffs have actually secured trillions in investments to make and hire in America as well as historic trade deals that finally level the playing field for American workers and industries," said White House Spokesman Kush Desai. "Democrats spent decades complaining about lopsided trade deals undermining the American working class, and now they’re complaining about the one president who has done something about it.” The taxes are paid by importers who typically attempt to pass along the higher costs to their customers. Democrats did well in elections last month in Virginia, New Jersey and elsewhere largely because voters blame Trump and the Republicans for the high cost of living, just as they'd blamed Trump's predecessor, Democrat Joe Biden, for the same thing a year earlier. Economist Kimberly Clausing of the UCLA School of Law and the Peterson Institute for International Economics, last week told a House subcommittee that Trump's tariffs amount to “the largest tax increase on American consumers in a generation, lowering standards of living for all Americans.'' Clausing, a Treasury Department tax official in the Biden administration, has calculated that Trump's import taxes ”amount to an annual tax increase of about $1,700 for an average household.''

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/11/bessent-to-propose-major-overhaul-of-regulatory-body-created-from-financial-crisis.html
Article: financial regulatory framework impose undue burdens and negatively impact economic growth, thereby undermining financial stability.' FSOC was formed in the wake of the financial crisis of 2008 to monitor and address the kind of systemic risk that led to the collapse of major Wall Street institutions and sent the economy into its worst slump since the Great Depression. Along with the proposal, Bessent is forming a working group whose mission will be to "explore opportunities for [artificial intelligence] to promote the resilience of the financial system while also monitoring for potential risks to financial stability that might be posed by the adoption of AI." Bessent will argue that lowering regulator barriers and oversight will strengthen the financial system and boost economic growth.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/11/jetblue-jfk-airport-lounge-bluehouse.html
Article: A seating area in JetBlue's new airport lounge Courtesy: JetBlue Airways With the new space, JetBlue joins the ranks of larger carriers like Delta Air Lines and credit card companies like Chase , American Express and Capital One in the industry's endless battle for customers who are willing to spend more to travel. Courtesy: JetBlue Airways The two-floor JFK lounge was designed in an Art Deco style with free Wi-Fi, open seating and grab-and-go New York standards, like bacon, egg and cheese sandwiches for breakfast and pastrami on rye later in the day, the airline said. watch now The airline plans to sell passes for lower status-tier members, customers traveling cross-country in the Mint cabin and other credit card holders and lounge members starting in February, but the airline didn't disclose pricing.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/11/this-streaming-stock-is-up-more-than-40percent-this-year-why-jefferies-sees-more-upside-ahead.html
Article: He added that Roku appears fundamentally different from other internet peers due to its platform remain "undermonetized with plenty of product levers to pull." ROKU YTD mountain ROKU YTD chart "Stepping back, ROKU has a unique combo of meaningful upside to Street on revenues, management commitment to cost discipline, at a palatable valuation," Heaney wrote. "With management's continued focus on cost discipline (MSD % opex growth can support multi-year DD% revs), ROKU offers one of the cleanest revision stories in internet heading into 2026." Next year, the analyst thinks Roku's platform revenue could grow 20% year on year.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/11/stocks-making-the-biggest-moves-premarket-orcl-oxm-adbe-gemi.html
Article: Visa — The payments stock rose 1% after Truist named Visa among its favorite names for 2026, calling it a "preferred quality compounder." Corbus Pharmaceuticals — The biopharma company gained more than 7% after it reported results from a Phase 1a study that showed a treatment for obesity had a favorable safety profile and emerging evidence of weight loss.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/11/harness-is-worth-5point5-billion-in-round-led-by-goldman-sachs.html
Article: Bansal's latest venture, Harness, is now worth substantially more than that, after raking in $200 million in fresh capital at a $5.5 billion valuation in a funding round led by Goldman Sachs . In recent months, venture capitalists have poured money into startups such as Cursor, Lovable and most recently Kilo Code that sell subscriptions for tools for directing AI models to write and update software.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/11/health-savings-accounts-trump.html
Article: Department of the Treasury and IRS this week shared details about the health savings account updates enacted via President Donald Trump's "big beautiful bill." The notice covers the legislation's new tax benefits for HSAs, including wider eligibility via high-deductible health plans, or HDHPs. Here are the key things to know about the HSA changes enacted via Trump's "big beautiful bill." More eligibility for HSA contributions Before Trump's "big beautiful bill," many bronze and catastrophic ACA marketplace plans weren't HSA-eligible, meaning those enrollees couldn't make HSA contributions.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/11/whatsapp-family-office.html
Article: Sam Nallen Copley, an investment advisor at a London-based family office, runs a 970-person WhatsApp group for single-family offices and has seen it all, from verifying credentials to finding co-investors to selling multimillion-dollar collections of dinosaur bones and Pokémon cards. "If I need something at any time of day, I can message nearly 1,000 people about a new bitcoin fund or ask who's the best tax lawyer in Germany," he said. If the answer is no, it will be quite suspicious." Family office professionals told Inside Wealth that WhatsApp is convenient for messaging on the go and with people in different time zones. "To be honest, I don't read my messages on LinkedIn." Erin Harkless Moore, who oversees investments at Melinda Gates' family office, Pivotal Ventures, said she is part of several groups where investment chiefs share deal flow, get advice on how to use artificial intelligence and ask for hiring help.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/11/zealand-pharma-unveils-2030-plan-as-weight-loss-competition-heats-up.html
Article: Celsopupo | Istock | Getty Images Zealand Pharma on Thursday outlined an ambitious five-year strategy for its anti-obesity portfolio Thursday, spotlighting how growing competition from smaller players is tightening the race for market leaders Novo Nordisk and Eli Lilly as more of these medicines near market entry. The new strategy, "Metabolic Frontier 2030," comes as Zealand shares have dropped 29% year to date as investors are betting the market will fragment, with fewer singular winners than they were 18 months ago at the peak of the weight loss drug frenzy. Ahead of its Capital Markets Day on Thursday, the Danish drugmaker said it now targets five drug launches, at least 10 clinical pipeline programs and industry-leading cycle times by 2030. One of Zealand's most promising drugs under development is petrelintide which targets the pancreatic amylin hormone — different from the GLP-1 gut hormone targeted by Novo's Wegovy and Lilly's Zepbound. Fewer standout winners Novo Nordisk and Eli Lilly currently dominate the market for weight loss drugs and have a head-start on their competition, having developed the only Food and Drug Administration approved anti-obesity drugs to date. But as the the market takes shape, more players are wanting in on the lucrative business which analysts predict could be worth as much as $150 billion annually by the start of next decade. While Novo Nordisk shares are having their worst year ever in 2025, down 50% year to date, Eli Lilly has become an investor-favorite as the Indiana-based company's Zepbound and Mounjaro has shown more pronounced weight loss than Novo's Ozempic and Wegovy. Big Pharma names like AstraZeneca , Amgen and Pfizer are all hoping that their own drug candidates will take a slice out of Lilly and Novo's market share, as are clinical-stage players like Structure Therapeutics and Viking Therapeutics. "While we see Lilly holding more than 50% global share for the foreseeable future, we think its share will stabilize as Novo and other competitors launch next-generation drugs," she wrote in a November note.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/11/5-things-to-know-before-the-stock-market-opens.html
Article: analyst at energy consultancy Kpler, told CNBC that the tanker has been identified as the Skipper, a Guyana-flagged "Very Large Crude Carrier" that appeared to be en route to Cuba. for years "due to its involvement in an illicit oil shipping network supporting foreign terrorist organizations." The move comes as Trump continues to escalate his pressure campaign against Venezuelan President Nicolás Maduro, saying in a Politico interview published Tuesday that Maduro's "days are numbered." Oil prices popped yesterday following Trump's announcement.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/health/health-news/bemotrizinol-sunscreen-active-ingredient-list-fda-uva-rays-uvb-rcna248434
Article: Mineral sunscreens — which contain zinc oxide or titanium dioxide — can block both UVA and UVB rays, but often leave a white cast on the skin, making chemical filters generally more favorable to consumers.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/nation-world/time-magazine-person-of-the-year/507-9dab3737-fd8b-456e-8add-f4d7ab22b746
Article: The first cover is a nod to "Lunch atop a Skyscraper" from 1932 and features some of the world's top tech leaders, including Mark Zuckerberg, Elon Musk, Jensen Huang, Sam Altman, Demis Hassabis, Lisa Su, Dario Amodei, and Fei-Fei Li. For delivering the age of thinking machines, for wowing and worrying humanity, for transforming the present and transcending the… pic.twitter.com/mEIKRiZfLo — TIME (@TIME) December 11, 2025 This year's winner succeeds President Donald Trump, who was named in 2024, after winning his second bid for the White House.

Link: https://abc7.com/post/botulism-outbreak-sickens-more-50-babies-expands-byheart-products/18275151/
Article: Botulism outbreak sickens more than 50 babies and expands to all ByHeart products Federal health officials on Wednesday expanded an outbreak of infant botulism tied to recalled ByHeart baby formula to include all illnesses reported since the company began production in March 2022. News that ByHeart products could have been contaminated for years was distressing to Andi Galindo, whose 5-week-old daughter, Rowan, was hospitalized in December 2023 with infant botulism after drinking the formula. Galindo, 36, of Redondo Beach, California, said she insisted on using ByHeart formula to supplement a low supply of breast milk because it was recommended by a lactation consultant as "very natural, very gentle, very good for the babies." "That's a hard one," Galindo said. "If there is proof that there were issues with their manufacturing and their plant all the way back from the beginning, that is a problem and they really need to be held accountable." Amy Mazziotti, 43, of Burbank, California, said her then-5-month-old son, Hank, fell ill and was treated for botulism in March, weeks after he began drinking ByHeart. "I've known in my gut from the beginning that ByHeart was the reason Hank got sick, and to see that these cases are now part of the investigation brings me to tears - a mix of relief, gratitude and hope that the truth is finally being recognized," she said. In a statement late Wednesday, ByHeart officials said the company is cooperating with federal officials "to understand the full scope of related cases." "The new cases reported by CDC and FDA will help inform ByHeart's investigation as we continue to seek the root cause of the contamination," the statement said. In 2022, the year ByHeart started making formula, the company recalled five batches of infant formula after a sample at a packaging plant tested positive for a different germ, cronobacter sakazakii. In 2023, the FDA sent a warning letter to the company detailing "areas that still require corrective actions." A ByHeart plant in Reading, Pennsylvania, was shut down in 2023 just before FDA inspectors found problems with mold, water leaks and insects, documents show.

Link: https://abc7.com/post/house-passes-defense-bill-raise-troop-pay-overhaul-weapons-purchases/18275150/
Article: House passes defense bill to raise troop pay and overhaul weapons purchases WASHINGTON -- The House voted to pass a sweeping defense policy bill Wednesday that authorizes $900 billion in military programs, including a pay raise for troops and an overhaul of how the Department of Defense buys weapons. The annual National Defense Authorization Act typically gains bipartisan backing, and the White House has signaled "strong support" for the must-pass legislation, saying it is in line with Trump's national security agenda. Yet tucked into the over-3,000-page bill are several measures that push back against the Department of Defense, including a demand for more information on boat strikes in the Caribbean and support for allies in Europe, such as Ukraine. It also strikes a compromise between the political parties - cutting climate and diversity efforts in line with Trump's agenda, while also boosting congressional oversight of the Pentagon and repealing several old war authorizations. "We need a ready, capable and lethal fighting force because the threats to our nation, especially those from China, are more complex and challenging than at any point in the last 40 years," said Rep. Adam Smith, the top Democrat on the armed services panel, called the bill "the most ambitious swing at acquisition reform that we've taken." Still, Smith lamented that the bill does not do as much as Democrats would like to rein in the Trump administration but called it "a step in the right direction towards reasserting the authority of Congress." "The biggest concern I have is that the Pentagon, being run by Secretary Hegseth and by President Trump, is simply not accountable to Congress or accountable to the law," he said. They had pushed for reforms after a midair collision this year between an Army helicopter and a jetliner killed all 67 people aboard the two aircraft near Washington's Ronald Reagan National Airport. The National Transportation Safety Board and families of the victims have also voiced opposition to that section of the bill, raising concerns that it would make the airspace more dangerous. Boat strike videos and congressional oversight Lawmakers included a provision that would cut Hegseth's travel budget by a quarter until the Pentagon provides Congress with unedited video of the strikes against alleged drug boats near Venezuela. Reaffirm commitments to Europe and Korea Trump's ongoing support for Ukraine and other allies in Eastern Europe has been under doubt over the last year, but lawmakers included several positions meant to keep up U.S. The defense bill requires the Pentagon to keep at least 76,000 troops and major equipment stationed in Europe unless NATO allies are consulted and there is a determination that such a withdrawal is in U.S.

Link: https://6abc.com/post/university-michigan-fires-football-coach-sherrone-moore-cites-inappropriate-relationship-staff-member/18273483/
Article: -- Sherrone Moore was in custody in the Washtenaw (Michigan) County Jail on Wednesday night as a suspect in an alleged assault, just hours after he was fired as Michigan's football coach for having what the school said was an "inappropriate relationship with a staff member." Moore was initially detained by police in Saline, Michigan, on Wednesday and turned over to authorities in Pittsfield Township "for investigation into potential charges." Michigan head coach Sherrone Moore watches from the sideline during the second half of an NCAA college football game against Ohio State, Nov. Given the nature of the allegations, the need to maintain the integrity of the investigation, and its current status at this time, we are prohibited from releasing additional details." Earlier, Saline police stated it "assisted in locating and detaining former University of Michigan football coach Sherrone Moore. Moore was turned over to the Pittsfield Township Police Department for investigation into potential charges." Michigan fired Moore earlier Wednesday following an investigation into his conduct with a staff member. "Following a University investigation, credible evidence was found that Coach Moore engaged in an inappropriate relationship with a staff member." Moore, 39, spent two seasons as Michigan's coach, after serving as the team's offensive coordinator.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cly01mdm577o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: 'Architects of AI' named Time Magazine's Person of the Year 8 minutes ago Share Save Imran Rahman-Jones and Liv McMahon , Technology reporters Share Save Getty Images Nvidia boss Jensen Huang is among the tech bosses the magazine has put on its biggest cover of the year Time Magazine's Person of the Year for 2025 is not a single person. Time The cover references the classic New York photograph "Lunch atop a Skyscraper" - but with tech figures in place of ironworkers At Meta, Zuckerberg has reportedly focused the firm around the tech, including its AI chatbot, which it has embedded in its popular apps. He, along with Huang, Musk, Li and Altman, appeared on the cover alongside Lisa Su, boss of chipmaker AMD, Anthropic chief Dario Amodei, and Google's AI lab lead Sir Demis Hassabis. "This year, the debate about how to wield AI responsibly gave way to a sprint to deploy it as fast as possible," Time said as it announced its new covers. "Thanks to Huang, Son, Altman, and other AI titans, humanity is now flying down the highway, all gas no brakes, toward a highly automated and highly uncertain future." And the magazine's editor-in-chief Sam Jacobs said "no one" had as great an impact in 2025 than "the individuals who imagined, designed, and built AI". Nik Kairinos, founder and chief executive of lab Fountech AI, said the covers were "an honest assessment" of the tech's influence, but he felt "recognition should not be confused with readiness". "For those of us developing the technology and bringing AI tools to market, there is huge responsibility." Groups recognised over individuals Getty Images Steve Jobs was one of the tech founders representing the computer in 1982

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cn4djk0jj4xo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Austria bans headscarves in schools for under-14s 46 minutes ago Share Save Bethany Bell Vienna correspondent Share Save Getty Images Austria has passed a law banning headscarves in schools for girls under the age of 14. The conservative-led coalition of three centrist parties, the ÖVP, the SPÖ and the Neos, says the law is a "clear commitment to gender equality", but critics say it will fuel anti-Muslim feeling in the country and could be unconstitutional.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cx2pnzwl2r4o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Sandie Peggie tribunal judgement amended after 'made up' quote row 18 minutes ago Share Save Share Save Getty Images Sandie Peggie was suspended by NHS Fife after she complained about trans women using single-sex changing rooms The judgement in the tribunal of a nurse suspended from her job in a row over trans women using single-sex changing rooms has been amended following complaints a quote used in it was "made up". Following the tribunal ruling, one of Ms Peggie's most high-profile supporters, campaigner Maya Forstater, said a reference in the judgement to her own case against the Centre for Global Development Europe was "completely made up". The Peggie ruling originally stated the verdict in Ms Forstater's case emphasised that the Equality Act does not create "a hierarchy of protected characteristics." On the social media platform X, Ms Forstater posted a screenshot of the text from the tribunal and said: "One of the many things wrong with the Sandie Peggie judgment. The revised version of the Peggie judgement then states: "We consider that quotation provides support for the proposition that the Equality Act 2010 does not create a hierarchy of protected characteristics." Under employment law, a judge may "at any time correct any clerical mistake or other accidental slip or omission" and an amended version issued. She added other mistakes had been spotted in the verdict and that they "severely undermine people's confidence in the legal process." The employment tribunal, which was held over several weeks earlier this year, was high-profile and controversial.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/football/articles/c0q5pv8qlkdo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Salah has the selfish streak and pride that is the preserve of all the greats – as was seen when then Manchester United manager Erik ten Haag, a Dutch countryman of Slot, dropped Cristiano Ronaldo at the end of his second spell at Old Trafford in November 2022. It remains to be seen whether Salah will even get the farewell he hinted at when Liverpool play Brighton on Saturday before he heads off to the Africa Cup of Nations. Salah's ability to do defensive dirty work was also called into question, with Chelsea's Marc Cucurella suggesting they targeted Liverpool's right flank in their 2-1 win at Stamford Bridge in October because he was "always ready to attack".

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/12/11/nx-s1-5639818/senator-jeanne-shaheen-affordable-health-care-act-vote
Article: Jeanne Shaheen warns millions could lose coverage as ACA votes near defeat toggle caption Andrew Harnik/Getty Images North America With existing Affordable Care Act tax subsidies nearing expiration, the Senate is preparing to vote on two competing proposals — one from Democrats and one from Republicans — even though neither is expected to reach the 60 votes required to advance. On Morning Edition, she explained that "people are seeing their insurance rates come through, and they are doubling, tripling, in some cases, even more." If Congress fails to act, she warned, "we're going to see a lot of people who are going to lose their health insurance." Sponsor Message Shaheen added that voters will "know very clearly who to blame if it doesn't pass," noting rising pressure on House Republicans from constituents who "are seeing these rate increases and not being able to afford their health insurance." Shaheen also addressed political disagreement closer to home. As for the disagreement, she added, "I know where she stands on the issue, and she knows where I stand, and I'm looking forward to seeing her as an independent in Congress, speaking her mind and working on health care issues." Hear her full conversation with NPR's Steve Inskeep by clicking play on the blue box above.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/congress-target-china-new-restrictions-massive-defense-bill-128299768
Article: The Trump administration may have softened its language on China to maintain a truce in their trade war, but Congress is pushing for more restrictions on Beijing WASHINGTON -- The Trump administration may have softened its language on China to maintain a fragile truce in their trade war, but Congress is charging ahead with more restrictions in a defense authorization bill that would deny Beijing investments in highly sensitive sectors and reduce U.S. He said the approach “stands in stark contrast to the White House's recent actions.” The compromise bill authorizing $900 billion for military programs was released two days after the White House unveiled its national security strategy. The White House this week also allowed Nvidia to sell an advanced type of computer chip to China, with those more hawkish toward Beijing concerned that would help boost the country's artificial intelligence. The China-related provisions in the traditionally bipartisan defense bill “make clear that, whatever the White House tone, Capitol Hill is locking in a hard-edged, long-term competition with Beijing,” said Craig Singleton, senior director of the China program at the Foundation for Defense of Democracies, a Washington-based think tank. “The bill has kept playing up the ‘China threat’ narrative, trumpeting for military support to Taiwan, abusing state power to go after Chinese economic development, limiting trade, economic and people-to-people exchanges between China and the U.S., undermining China’s sovereignty, security and development interests and disrupting efforts of the two sides in stabilizing bilateral relations,” said Liu Pengyu, the embassy spokesperson. policymakers and lawmakers have been working for several years toward bipartisan legislation to curb investments in China when it comes to cutting-edge technologies such as quantum computing, aerospace, semiconductors and artificial intelligence. “This legislation will help bring that to an end.” Congress last year failed to pass the BIOSECURE Act, which cited national security in preventing federal money from benefiting a number of Chinese biotechnology companies. The provision in the NDAA no longer names companies but leaves it to the Office of Management and Budget to compile a list of “biotechnology companies of concern.” The bill also would expand Pentagon investments in biotechnology. Moolenaar lauded the effort for taking “defensive action to secure American pharmaceutical supply chains and genetic information from malign Chinese companies.” The defense bill also would authorize an increase in funding, to $1 billion from $300 million this year, for Taiwan-related security cooperation and direct the Pentagon to establish a joint drone and anti-drone program.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/bulgarias-government-resigns-mass-protests-gripped-nation-weeks-128308804
Article: Bulgaria’s government has resigned as mass protests gripped the country just weeks before it’s due to join the eurozone A student waves a Bulgarian flag as a swelling crowd of tens of thousands of Bulgarians filled Sofia's central square, demanding the government's resignation amid rising anger over corruption and contested economic policies, Sofia, Bulgaria, Wednesday, Dec. (AP Photo/Valentina Petrova) A student waves a Bulgarian flag as a swelling crowd of tens of thousands of Bulgarians filled Sofia's central square, demanding the government's resignation amid rising anger over corruption and contested economic policies, Sofia, Bulgaria, Wednesday, Dec. The resignation of the minority coalition, led by the center-right GERB party, was announced minutes before parliament was scheduled to vote on a no-confidence motion tabled by the opposition over economic mismanagement and supported by growing public anger with widespread corruption. “We want to be where society expects us to be.” Students from Sofia’s universities had joined the protests, which organizers said outnumbered last week’s rallies that drew more than 50,000 people. At the core of the protesters’ frustrations is the role of Bulgarian politician and oligarch Delyan Peevski, who has been sanctioned by both the United States and the United Kingdom, and whose MRF New Beginning party backs the government.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/wireStory/mets-front-office-taking-heat-fan-favorites-alonso-128309817
Article: Mets front office taking heat with fan favorites Alonso, Díaz and Nimmo headed out of town FILE - New York Mets' Pete Alonso reacts during a baseball game against the Milwaukee Brewers, Saturday, Aug. Three fan favorites headed out the door in 2 1/2 weeks — a powerful gut punch to angry New York Mets fans wondering what on earth the front office is thinking. As the club embarks on a major makeover, suffice to say owner Steve Cohen and president of baseball operations David Stearns are not the most popular couple in Queens right now. Cohen and Stearns were the toast of the town last December, beating out the crosstown New York Yankees for prized free agent Juan Soto with a record $765 million contract. That came on the heels of an unanticipated thrill ride to the 2024 National League Championship Series, after Stearns scored big with several unheralded acquisitions during his first year in charge: Sean Manaea, Luis Severino, Jose Iglesias and Tyrone Taylor. Baseball's second-biggest spenders, at $429 million in payroll and projected luxury tax, went 38-55 in a stunning collapse after building the best record in the majors (45-24) through June 12. Many figured Cohen, one of the wealthiest owners in sports, would quickly reach into his robust wallet this winter — at least to keep Díaz and Alonso from leaving in free agency. No team has unending resources.” After the Mets signed two-time All-Star reliever Devin Williams to a $51 million, three-year contract, Díaz agreed to a $69 million, three-year deal with the World Series champion Los Angeles Dodgers, subject to a successful physical. The person said the Mets expressed interest in again retaining the slugging first baseman, which they did last offseason, but decided to wait and see what happened between Alonso and other teams rather than press a pursuit themselves. But it’s just, these last two days have to really be hard on Mets fans.” All this after Nimmo, the ebullient outfielder who was the longest-tenured player on the team, waived the no-trade provision in his contract last month and accepted a deal to Texas for Gold Glove second baseman Marcus Semien. But they've shown little sentimentality when it comes to valuing core players, and Stearns said after trading Nimmo that "running back the exact same group wasn’t the right thing to do.” Reports of clubhouse tension emerged in recent weeks, though Mendoza challenged that notion. He and Nimmo join a notable list of homegrown Mets stalwarts who eventually went elsewhere — from Tug McGraw, Tom Seaver, Jerry Koosman and Jon Matlack to Darryl Strawberry, Dwight Gooden, José Reyes and Jacob deGrom. And he believes in putting youth on the field, seeking roster flexibility and space at positions that will provide playing opportunities for the promising hitters in a highly rated farm system such as Carson Benge, Jett Williams and Ryan Clifford. “And as long as we allocate those resources intelligently, they’re going to continue to be an enormous advantage.” ___ AP Baseball Writer Ronald Blum and AP freelance writer Kristie Ackert contributed to this report.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Business/wireStory/coca-cola-names-company-veteran-new-ceo-128300476
Article: Coca-Cola said Wednesday that its chief operating officer will become its next CEO in the first quarter of 2026 FILE - Coca Cola CEO James Quincey speaks during the Global Citizen festival, Sept. He holds a bachelor’s degree in agricultural engineering from the University Federal of Rio de Janeiro, a master of science degree from Michigan State University and an MBA from Georgia State University.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Business/wireStory/mexicos-congress-approves-tariff-hikes-imports-china-128301031
Article: Mexico's Congress has approved tariff increases on over 1,400 products from China and other countries without free trade agreements MEXICO CITY -- Mexico’s Congress approved Wednesday most of the tariff increases proposed by the government on more than 1,400 products imported from China and other countries that do not have free trade agreements with Mexico. Sheinbaum has been trying to find relief from remaining tariffs imposed on Mexican imports by the Trump administration, which has accused China of using Mexico as a backdoor into the U.S. China will be the most affected as Mexico imported $130 billion worth of products from the country in 2024, second only to the what Mexico bought from the United States. “The real reason has to do with the United States, it has to do with the review of the USMCA (free trade agreement) that is coming up, with the negotiations to obtain reductions, exemptions from the tariffs that Mexico is facing at this moment to access the U.S. President Donald Trump and changing its commercial policy “in the wrong direction.” He said the government was creating problems for a number of sectors, including auto parts, plastics, chemicals and textiles, because the tariffs will create disruptions in supply chains and could push inflation up at a time when the economy is slowing.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Entertainment/wireStory/mariachi-rams-band-turned-nfl-game-day-personal-128306151
Article: The Mariachi Rams are reshaping NFL game day by blending traditional Mexican music with Los Angeles’ hip-hop and rock influences The Los Angeles Rams Mariachi Band performs before an NFL football game against the Tampa Bay Buccaneers, Sunday, Nov. (AP Photo/Jessie Alcheh) LOS ANGELES -- Crystal Hernández steadies her violin and scans the crowd from the sixth floor of SoFi Stadium as 70,000 fans stream into a Los Angeles Rams home game. Below her, blue-and-gold jerseys mix with charro suits and sombreros, and the low rumble of pregame noise swells into the opening notes of the late Ozzy Osbourne’s “Crazy Train” reimagined through trumpets, guitarrón and vihuela. But the Mariachi Rams are reshaping the sound of NFL game day, blending traditional Mexican music with Los Angeles’ hip-hop and rock influences in a way no other team in the league does. “Mariachi music has so much flexibility and I think that’s special because we get to show how versatile mariachi music is to the NFL audience,” says Hernández, who is the only woman in the NFL’s first official mariachi band. “The things that come out of our communities, all of our communities, we all represent each other,” says rapper Xzibit, who performed with the USC Marching Band at halftime during the Rams game against the Tampa Bay Buccaneers. A Rams staffer approached him several years ago with a video of a mariachi group performing at a major soccer match and asked a simple question: “Could this work for football?” recalled the Grammy-nominated musician and founder of Mariachi Sol de Mexico and Mariachi Reyna de Los Angeles, an all-female mariachi ensemble that includes Crystal Hernández. What followed was the formation of a 10-member ensemble built to bridge tradition and modern Los Angeles sound, performing classic mariachi standards alongside reimagined pop and hip-hop anthems from “El Rey” to Tupac's “California Love.” “It's pride and passion,” Hernández says. The Mariachi Rams are made up of: Santiago Espinoza (vihuela), Mateo Real (guitar), Joshua Gutierrez (guitarrón), Kevin Ramirez (trumpet), Christopher Rubalcava (trumpet), Crystal Hernández (violin), Adrian Arias (violin), Ricardo Rios (violin), Ricardo Cisneros (violin) and Joaquin Telles (violin). While other NFL teams, including the Houston Texans, now feature mariachi bands as part of their cultural programming, the Rams were the first to embed a mariachi ensemble as a recurring game-day element when they launched the Mariachi Rams six years ago. Behind the stadium lights and viral halftime moments are musicians who spend most of their week far from the field teaching students, working in offices, designing graphics or performing in classical orchestras across Southern California. “For them to put on that suit and to go to SoFi and to play … you just can’t imagine the pride that they feel.” Santiago Espinoza, the band’s vihuela player and a music educator, says the band has become “rock stars in a way,” especially given how often they appear on the SoFi stadium's massive video boards. “There was maybe one game where we had to cut one of their performances, and people… heard about it in the voice of the fan,” says Marissa Daly, the Rams’ senior vice president of studio and marketing. “It was like, ‘Why did they only play twice?’” While the Mariachi Rams are a Rams-driven initiative, not an official NFL program, their rise fits inside a broader leaguewide push to expand how football connects culturally. If you don’t understand Mexican American culture, you’re probably not going win over this market.” For Crystal Hernández, the meaning of the Mariachi Rams stretches beyond music and game day. “It makes them feel excited to see that their home team, the Rams, recognizes that and embraces it.” As the only woman in the group, Hernández says she stands at the intersection of tradition and change.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Entertainment/wireStory/0-26-yuccaneers-2-time-champions-buccaneers-celebrate-128306160
Article: (AP Photo/Jason Behnken) Tampa Bay Buccaneers cornerback Zyon McCollum (27) reacts after intercepting a pass against the New Orleans Saints in the first half of an NFL football game, Sunday, Dec. Long before Tom Brady turned the city into Tompa Bay and led the franchise to its second NFL title, the team traded Pro Football Hall of Famer Steve Young, let eventual Super Bowl MVP Doug Williams walk away and was spurned by Bo Jackson and Bill Parcells twice. One episode spotlights the first draft under the Glazers — before the sale of the team was even official — when general manager Rich McKay selected future Hall of Famers Warren Sapp and Derrick Brooks in the first two rounds. Another episode is devoted to the hiring of Tony Dungy, a pivotal moment in 1996 that reshaped the franchise’s culture and future, and eventually the difficult decision to fire him after the 2001 season. The players may be gone, but we’re still there and I think we learned a lot for Tony also of the importance of giving back and really mentoring young players. They had everyone thinking they were hiring Steve Mariucci while they worked out a megadeal to acquire Jon Gruden from the Raiders for two first-round picks, two second-rounders and $8 million. How the Bucs actually landed Tom Brady, just fascinating.” Brady, Dungy, Gruden, Sapp, Brooks, McKay, Bruce Arians, Mike Alstott and Ronde Barber are among 100 current and former players, coaches, executives, staff, and media personalities interviewed for the docuseries.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/11/lutnick-economy-gold-card-trump.html
Article: "We're the only great country that lets other people just come in without vetting them and deciding whether they're really going to help the economy of America," Lutnick said Thursday on CNBC's "Squawk Box." "Let's bring in the top of the best," he said.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/11/stocks-covered-by-analyst-calls-thursday-include-oracle-visa-roku.html
Article: "Meanwhile, we continue to believe valuation at 25x/19x CY26E/27E PE remains compelling given it represents just ~0.5x earnings growth rate versus broader Mag-7 and growth peers at ~2x." Bank of America reiterates Oracle as buy Bank of America lowers its price target to $300 per share from $368 following the database manager's earnings. "The stock has now retraced its entire move and then some following the OpenAI announcement, implying skittish investor confidence in Oracle' s ability to transform into an AI compute hyperscaler. Barclays reiterates Tesla as equal weight The bank says Tesla's delivery numbers "likely wont matter for the stock." "While we expect soft 4Q deliveries, they likely won't matter for the stock." UBS reiterates Micron as buy UBS raises its price target on Micron Technology ahead of earnings next week. "Against this backdrop of tightening supply, we walk EPS estimates higher yet again and see EPS of ~$38 out in C2027E, justifying a PT of $295 (up from $275) and we remain Buy rated." BMO upgrades BCE to outperform from market perform BMO says the Canadian media company has a compelling risk/reward. "With management's continued focus on cost discipline (MSD % opex growth can support multi-year DD% revs), ROKU offers one of the cleanest revision stories in internet heading into 2026." Goldman Sachs initiates Abercrombie & Fitch and Boot Barn at buy Goldman says Abercrombie & Fitch and Boot Barn are best positioned. "We initiate coverage with a Buy on ATZ, BOOT, and GRGD for their aggressive store opening cadences, and on ANF for what we see as sustainable single-digit comp growth, thoughtful pricing, and what we believe is an overreaction to undeniable but ultimately transient margin pressure." Mizuho initiates Rigetti Computing at outperform Mizuho initiates coverage of several quantum computing stocks on Thursday and says it's bullish. "We are initiating coverage on the Quantum Computing (QC) space with IONQ at Outperform/PT$90, RGTI at Outperform/PT$50, and QBTS at Outperform/PT$46." Bernstein initiates BridgeBio at outperform Bernstein says it sees "ample upside" for the biotech company. "We initiate on BBIO with an Outperform rating and $94 PT." Goldman Sachs names Amazon and Meta Platforms top picks in 2026 Goldman says both stocks remain top ideas heading into next year. "We continue to see AMZN as being positively levered to the AI theme across its core cloud (AWS) and eCommerce businesses and see the scope for sustained upside node on operating profits as underappreciated in the years ahead. In addition, we would highlight META (perhaps one of the most heavily debated stocks in our coverage universe) as trading with a positive risk/reward skew into 2026..." UBS initiates KKR at buy UBS says the private equity investment company is like a mini Berkshire Hathaway. " KKR leverages its balance sheet as a strategic investment engine, enabling it to operate similarly to a 'mini-Berkshire Hathaway.'" Piper Sandler upgrades Unity to overweight from neutral Piper says in its upgrade of Unity that the mobile ad tech company's business is strong. We boost estimates & raise PT to $365, reiterate OW." Morgan Stanley reiterates Meta Platforms as overweight Morgan Stanley lowers its price target to $750 per share from $820 but says it's sticking with Meta heading into 2026. "We are bullish into '26 through this negative investor sentiment and believe 1) revenue revisions 2) a $155bn and under '26 opex guide and 3) models and monetization nodes from the Superintelligence team will drive re-rating and outperformance. PT to $750, $1,000 bull case." Truist upgrades Global-E Online to hold from sell and dLocal to buy from hold Truist sees "increased volume growth expectations" for both fintech payment companies. "...while we are also upgrading two cross border specialists (dLocal to Buy from Hold and Global-e to Hold from Sell) as we increased volume growth expectations for both firms." Deutsche Bank upgrades JB Hunt to buy from hold Deutsche says the shipping and freight company is a top idea in 2026. $8.35) as we envision a return to double-digit margins in the company's intermodal division, to a level still modestly below the average annual intermodal margin it generated from 2017-2019." Bank of America upgrades Visa to buy from neutral The bank calls Visa a "great business on sale." "Following recent underperformance, we believe Visa shares offer very attractive return potential, and we are upgrading to Buy from Neutral." Bank of America downgrades PayPal to neutral from buy Bank of America sees a lack of visibility. PYPL's effort to reinvigorate growth in its core branded checkout is taking longer than expected and limits near-term upside, in our view." Citigroup upgrades Bausch & Lomb to buy from neutral Citi says the stock has robust fundamentals. "Admittedly some of the stock wobbliness likely came from the lack of stock liquidity (Bausch Health still owns 88% of BLCO , and discussions of a potential sale in the lay press in 2024. " CFG – Great execution and fundamental story finally reflected in valuation." Bank of America upgrades Synopsys to buy from neutral Bank of America says in its upgrade of the electronic design automation company, after its latest results, that shares of Synopsys are attractive at current levels. "While the stock could consolidate at current-levels after the ~20% recent run, we believe it provides an attractive lower-beta, AI-levered/adjacent candidate with recurring sales tied to more resilient chip design R & D spending."

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/11/esusu-funding-renters-credit-scores.html
Article: Renters have remained largely excluded from the traditional credit system, with an estimated $1.4 trillion paid to landlords every year in the U.S., but only 20% of those landlords choosing to report the rent paid. "Esusu is fundamentally reshaping how the financial system can work for everyone," Sean Mendy, partner at Westbound Equity Partners and a lead investor in the deal, said in a statement. Since its launch in 2016, its platform has grown to support more than five million rental units nationwide, reaching about 12 million renters and processing nearly $100 billion in annual lease volume. Landlords that use its technology include Bell Partners, BH Management, Blackstone, Cortland, Invitation Homes, Jonathan Rose Companies, Kayne Anderson, Morgan Properties, Nuveen Real Estate, Pretium, Related Companies, TruAmerica, and WinnCompanies. It will broaden distribution of its rent reporting API through what it calls "rent reporting as a service." Among recent partners for this initiative, Esusu technology now reaches 228 million monthly active users through real estate platform Zillow . Esusu founders Abbey and Samir Goel grew up watching their families struggle financially as immigrants from Lagos, Nigeria, and New Delhi, India, respectively, which was a founding motivation for Esusu. We went to one of the biggest financial institutions to borrow money; we were turned away and had to go borrow from a predatory lender who wanted to lend at over 400% interest rate," Abbey told CNBC in a June 2025 interview.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/11/ubs-raises-micron-price-target-heading-into-earnings-next-week.html
Article: He noted that this "meaningful undersupply" in DRAM and NAND memory, which should respectively last until the first quarter of 2027 and the fourth quarter of 2026, could result in customers securing volumes and contract pricing earlier in the quarter than they have in the past. "Against this backdrop of tightening supply, we walk EPS estimates higher yet again and see EPS of ~$38 out in C2027E, justifying a PT of $295 (up from $275)." Arcuri left his revenue and earnings expectations for Micron's fiscal first quarter unchanged at $13.2 billion and $4.27 per share, respectively. He wrote that these estimates were "well ahead of the company's guidance and practically all driven by better pricing." The company's fiscal first-quarter report is due Wednesday after the bell.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/11/art-basel-miami-attendance-sales.html
Article: We saw that very, very clearly at the opening of the fair." After nearly three years of declining auction sales and shuttered galleries, dealers and advisors say the market has suddenly sprung back to life. Collectors from the U.S., Europe, Latin America, the Middle East and Africa visited the more than 280 galleries at the show, along with multiple art fairs and pop-up exhibits throughout Miami. Art Basel Miami Beach racked up strong sales and attendance last week, as the art market rode a wave of renewed confidence following the strong November auctions in New York. Its VIP lounge on the floor of the fair (the only one of its kind on the floor) was yet again the hottest ticket in town – hosting a steady stream of dozens of billionaires, top collectors and wealthy families. It helps to have a little skin in the game, and it's okay to make mistakes early on." Newton also advises clients at the fair to view art as an asset rather than an investment.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/opinions/2025/12/11/swedens-push-for-an-ex-ikea-ceo-to-lead-unhcr-signals-a-new-refugee-order?traffic_source=rss
Article: Less than a month later, as the current high commissioner, Filippo Grandi, approached the end of his mandate, Brodin resigned from his position at the Swedish furniture giant, which he had led for eight years. In January 2026, the office of the UN secretary-general is expected to present a preferred candidate to the General Assembly for what former UNHCR head of research Jeff Crisp has called a “pro forma election”. In interviews, Jesper Brodin often refers to a small pamphlet by IKEA founder Ingvar Kamprad, titled The Testament of a Furniture Dealer, as outlining the values that inspire his way of doing business: innovation, sustainability and collective effort over individualism. Whether Brodin has any chance of making it to the Geneva post or not, the question is worth asking, for the role of IKEA as a donor and operational partner of the UNHCR is significant and is likely to grow. While humanitarianism and business have historically been companions, particularly since the end of the Cold War, this is the first time a business leader has been proposed to head the UN refugee agency. This kind of “brand aid” involved both promoting commercial brands (from Toms shoes to Starbucks) through their involvement in humanitarian causes, and turning aid itself into a branded activity — something most effectively done through corporate partnerships. As one major humanitarian donor in Kinshasa told us, “It’s now all about collaborations between the private sector, businesses and philanthropists.” Indeed, when the desire to help becomes something you can sell, corporations such as IKEA can profit from involvement in global helping that builds their ethical branding. While formally remaining the guardian of the 1951 Refugee Convention, UNHCR has been operating in what scholars such as Bhupinder Chimni have described as an “erosion” of the international refugee regime — a long-term weakening of asylum norms and burden-sharing commitments. Donor governments in the Global North have used their limited support for UNHCR’s humanitarian activities in the Global South as a way to deflect attention from the disregard for refugee rights within their own borders. Advertisement Second, Brodin often mentions his experience as a supply chain manager in a company that has put logistical innovation at the core of its business strategy as an important asset for the job. Almost 10 years after IKEA’s first attempt to integrate refugees into its own supply chains in Jordan, the number of people the programme involves remains small, and refugees in the country still face significant barriers to work and social security. A study we published in 2021 highlighted that a focus on refugee logistics actually meant working towards integrating displaced people into global supply chains rather than providing them with material support or infrastructure. In this geopolitical context, Sweden, while facing its own economic challenges, may well be seeking to stake its position as one of the last remaining humanitarian powers in the Western world. However, there is an unspoken yet fundamental contradiction between Brodin’s promise to address UNHCR’s crisis by “holding the purse strings” and the position of IKEA within global economic structures that have contributed to the humanitarian funding crisis in the first place. In 2017, following calls from EU parliamentary groups, the European Commission opened an in-depth investigation into the Netherlands — where the company is headquartered — for its tax treatment of Inter IKEA, one of the two groups operating the IKEA business. In the present global climate of hostility to migrants and refugees, Brodin and IKEA’s brand of feel-good capitalism risks further hollowing out UNHCR’s protection mandate, reducing humanitarianism to a matter of well-managed supply chains.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/11/act-of-piracy-or-law-can-the-us-legally-seize-a-venezuelan-tanker?traffic_source=rss
Article: United States President Donald Trump has said that the US has seized a sanctioned oil tanker close to the coast of Venezuela, in a move that has caused oil prices to spike and further escalates tensions with Caracas. Recommended Stories list of 1 item list 1 of 1 US says it seized oil tanker off Venezuela coast end of list The Venezuelan government called the move an act of “international piracy”, and “blatant theft”. The last comparable US military seizure of a foreign tanker occurred in 2014, when US Navy SEALs boarded the Morning Glory off Cyprus as Libyan rebels attempted to sell stolen crude oil. Soon after announcing the latest operation on Wednesday, US Attorney General Pam Bondi released a video showing two helicopters approaching a vessel and armed personnel in camouflage rappelling onto its deck. Advertisement “Today, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, Homeland Security Investigations and the United States Coast Guard, with support from the Department of War, executed a seizure warrant for a crude oil tanker used to transport sanctioned oil from Venezuela and Iran,” Bondi said. Today, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, Homeland Security Investigations, and the United States Coast Guard, with support from the Department of War, executed a seizure warrant for a crude oil tanker used to transport sanctioned oil from Venezuela and Iran. “The Navy, Coast Guard and special forces all have special training for this kind of mission, called visit, board, search, and seizure – or VBSS,” Mark Cancian, a retired Marine Corps colonel and senior adviser at the Center for Strategic and International Studies, told Al Jazeera. The Skipper departed Venezuela’s main oil terminal at Jose between December 4 and 5 after loading about 1.8 million barrels of Merey crude, a heavy, high-sulphur blend produced in Venezuela. He added: “Russia has hundreds of sanctioned tankers sailing today, but they have not been boarded.” Experts say it is unclear whether the seizure was legal, partly because many details about it have not been made public. US law also allows the Coast Guard, which carried out this operation, to conduct searches and seizures on the high seas in order to enforce US laws, stating that it “may make inquiries, examinations, inspections, searches, seizures, and arrests upon the high seas” to prevent and suppress violations. But some legal experts argue that the US has overstepped, as it “has no jurisdiction to enforce unilateral sanctions on non-US persons outside its territory”, according to Francisco Rodriguez, a senior research fellow at the Center for Economic and Policy Research (CEPR). “To the extent that the US is able to continue to do so, it could significantly increase the cost of doing business with Venezuela and precipitate a deepening of the country’s economic recession,” he warned in a CEPR article. “It is not migration, it is not drug trafficking, it is not democracy, it is not human rights – it was always about our natural resources, our oil, our energy, the resources that belong exclusively to the Venezuelan people,” the statement said. Advertisement The ministry described the incident as an “act of piracy.” The government added that it will appeal to “all” international bodies to denounce the incident and vowed to defend its sovereignty, natural resources, and national dignity with “absolute determination”. Experts say the seizure could produce short-term uncertainty for Venezuelan oil exports, largely because “this has been the first time [the United States has]… seized a shipment of Venezuelan oil”, Carlos Eduardo Pina, a Venezuelan political scientist, told Al Jazeera. That may make shippers hesitate, though the broader impact is limited, Pina said, since “the US allows the Chevron company to continue extracting Venezuelan oil”, and US group Chevron holds a special waiver permitting it to produce and export crude despite wider sanctions. The US oil major, which is currently responsible for all Venezuelan crude exports to the US, increased shipments last month to 150,000 barrels per day (bopd), up from 128,000 bpd in October. Inside Venezuela, Pina warned the move could spark financial panic, however: “It could instil fear, trigger a currency run… and worsen the humanitarian crisis.” How will this affect US-Venezuela relations? Diplomatically, Pina said he views the action as a political message to Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro, noting its timing – “the same day that [opposition leader] Maria Corina Machado was awarded the Nobel Prize” – and calling it “a gesture of strength… to remind that [the US is present in the Latin American region].” Maduro has long argued that the Trump administration’s strikes on boats in the Caribbean and eastern Pacific are not, in fact, aimed at preventing drug running, but are part of a plan to effect regime change in Venezuela. “It is part of a series of US actions such as sending the Ford to the Caribbean, authorising the CIA to move against the Maduro regime, and conducting flybys with bombers and, recently, F-18s.” Cancian added that the broader meaning of the operation depends on what comes next.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/opinions/2025/12/11/venezuelas-crisis-is-not-an-oil-grab-but-a-power-grab?traffic_source=rss
Article: Since then, the US military has conducted at least 22 strikes, killing 87 people, with investigations revealing that the first attack included a second strike to kill two survivors clinging to wreckage — a potential war crime under international law. On Wednesday, the US went on to seize an oil tanker in Venezuelan waters, an escalation the Venezuelan government described as “blatant theft” and an “act of international piracy,” underscoring Washington’s shift towards economic coercion alongside military force. The country’s pipelines have not been updated in 50 years, and restoring peak production capacity would require an estimated $58bn in investment, underscoring how far the sector is from posing any strategic threat that might justify military force. The fundamental shift in Washington’s Venezuela calculus has less to do with oil companies and more to do with private equity firms and defence contractors — interests focused not on barrels but on reconstruction contracts, mineral rights and territorial leverage in a post-Maduro scenario. This declaration unlocks access to more than 120 specific statutory powers, including asset seizures, commerce regulation and military deployment — authorities that bypass normal congressional authorisation and operate with minimal legislative oversight. In March, he designated Tren de Aragua as a foreign terrorist organisation, expanded the legal definition of Venezuela’s government to encompass virtually any affiliated entity — from ministries to state-owned firms — and imposed 25 percent tariffs on countries importing Venezuelan oil. In August, he signed a secret directive authorising military force against Latin American drug cartels — a decision taken without coastguard involvement and relying solely on Navy assets, breaking with decades of maritime interdiction precedent and further consolidating executive discretion. Defence Secretary Pete Hegseth framed the scope clearly when he declared that alleged drug operations “will not be controlled by cartels” and promised to “map your networks, track your people, hunt you down and kill you” — language more consistent with warfare than law enforcement. Secretary of State Marco Rubio went further, stating that the Maduro regime is “not a legitimate government” but rather “a transshipment organisation” that facilitates drug trafficking — a characterisation that redefines diplomatic relations as a criminal enterprise and justifies treating state actors as targets. Advertisement Congress abdicates oversight What makes this deployment unprecedented is not its size — though assembling carrier strike groups, B-52 bombers, F-35 fighters, submarines and more than 15,000 personnel represents the most significant US military presence in Latin America since the Cold War — but the absence of congressional authorisation. Yet classified briefings to congressional leadership — including recent sessions in which Hegseth refused to commit to releasing unedited strike footage — have produced no meaningful constraint on executive action. While Trump has openly threatened land strikes and stated that the airspace above Venezuela should be considered closed, the administration is quietly drafting day-after plans for what happens if Maduro is ousted — planning that proceeds regardless of congressional authorisation or international law. More than seven million Venezuelans have fled abroad, and those who remain endure the escalating danger of a manufactured crisis designed not to liberate them but to serve distant political calculations.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/sports/2025/12/11/olympic-ski-champion-michelle-gisin-airlifted-after-downhill-crash?traffic_source=rss
Article: The 32-year-old Swiss skier hit the safety fences racing at more than 110km/h (69mph) on a cloudy morning on Thursday at St Moritz in practice for the downhills scheduled for Friday and Saturday, followed by a super-G on Sunday. Gisin, who won gold in Alpine combined at the past two Winter Games, is currently the veteran leader of the Swiss women’s speed team because of injuries to her fellow 2022 Beijing Olympic champions. Gut-Behrami’s Olympic season was ended after she tore the anterior cruciate ligament (ACL) in her left knee while crashing in practice last month at Copper Mountain, Colorado, in the United States. Advertisement At the last Winter Games in China, Suter won the downhill, Gut-Behrami won the super-G — where Gisin took bronze — and Gisin took the final title in individual combined. Concerns had been raised in advance of the World Cup in September, primarily about how to limit risks in the high-speed sport, following the death of Italian skier Matteo Franzoso in a training accident in Chile. The debate continued into the start of the Olympic ski season a month later, with prominent American skier Mikaela Shiffrin stating: “We are often training in conditions where the variables are just too many to control, and you have to decide sometimes: is this unreasonably dangerous?”

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/video/newsfeed/2025/12/11/israeli-right-wing-tv-show-mocks-gaza-drowning-in-winter-storm?traffic_source=rss
Article: NewsFeed Israeli right-wing TV show mocks Gaza ‘drowning’ in winter storm A broadcast on Israel’s right-wing Channel 14 openly celebrated a severe winter storm that’s hitting Gaza, with participants expressing hope that flooding would ‘drown’ the territory and even voicing indifference to whether ‘any people’ survive.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/11/over-400-civilians-killed-in-eastern-dr-congo-as-us-peace-deal-falters?traffic_source=rss
Article: More than 400 civilians have been killed following the recent surge in fighting as the Rwanda-backed M23 armed group continues its offensive in South Kivu province in the eastern Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC), according to regional officials. M23’s latest offensive, which has displaced some 200,000 civilians, comes despite a United States-mediated peace agreement signed last week by the Congolese and Rwandan presidents in Washington, DC, which is now under severe threat of unravelling. “More than 413 civilians [have been] killed by bullets, grenades, and bombs, including many women, children, and young people” in localities between Uvira and Bukavu, the regional capital, the South Kivu government spokesperson said in a statement late on Wednesday. “According to the information gathered, the forces present in the city are composed of Rwandan special forces and some of their foreign mercenaries, operating in clear violation of the ceasefire as well as the Washington and Doha agreements, in total disregard of the commitments made,” the statement added. “The reality today is quite the opposite.” Uvira is an important port city on the northern tip of Lake Tanganyika and is directly across from neighbouring Burundi’s largest city, Bujumbura. US calls on Rwanda to withdraw Not only the DRC, but the US and United Nations experts also accuse Rwanda of backing M23, which had hundreds of members in 2021. Earlier in the week, the US Department of State said it was “deeply concerned by the ongoing violence” in the eastern DRC, with a spokesperson saying: “Rwanda, which continues to provide support to M23, must prevent further escalation.” In a statement on Wednesday, the US Embassy in Kinshasa urged M23 and Rwandan troops to cease all offensive operations and for the Rwandan forces to withdraw.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/video/newsfeed/2025/12/11/myanmar-juntas-air-attack-on-hospital-kills-dozens-of-people?traffic_source=rss
Article: NewsFeed Myanmar junta’s air attack on hospital kills dozens of people An air attack by Myanmar’s military government has hit a hospital in Rakhine state, killing at least 30 people.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/11/zelenskyy-rallies-key-allies-as-ukraine-faces-russian-and-us-pressure?traffic_source=rss
Article: Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy is holding urgent talks with leaders and officials from approximately 30 countries backing Kyiv’s efforts to secure more favourable terms in negotiations to end the war with Russia, deep into its fourth year. The meeting on Thursday comes a day after US President Donald Trump held discussions with Zelenskyy, along with United Kingdom Prime Minister Keir Starmer, French President Emmanuel Macron and German Chancellor Friedrich Merz. The group of Ukraine’s allies, known as the “coalition of the willing”, is scrambling to help steer peace negotiations as European governments warn their own security is at stake and to dilute Russian maximalist demands that the US has been leaning towards. Trump has been pressing for a rapid settlement to the conflict he once boasted he would solve within 24 hours of retaking office, which has raged across a long front line in eastern Ukraine, with frequent attacks by Russia on the rest of the country. After meeting NATO chief Mark Rutte on Thursday, the German chancellor dismissed reports of tensions during the call with Trump, characterising it as “constructive” and noting discussions about “what territorial concessions Ukraine is prepared to make”. Russia has already seized control of all of Luhansk province and occupies large portions of Donetsk, the two regions make up the Donbas, as well as Zaporizhia and Kherson, forming a stretch along Ukraine’s Black Sea coast. According to the Institute for the Study of War, a US-based monitoring group, Russia has gained just 0.77 percent of Ukraine’s territory so far in 2025, suggesting front lines have largely stabilised despite recent Russian momentum. Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov said on Thursday that Russia has relayed “additional proposals” to the US regarding collective security guarantees, though he offered no details on what the Kremlin had suggested. War rages in Ukraine’s east The diplomatic push comes as Russian forces mount intense pressure on the strategic eastern city of Pokrovsk in Donetsk, where Moscow has amassed approximately 156,000 soldiers. Ukraine reported an unusually large mechanised assault on Wednesday involving a 30-vehicle convoy attempting to breach the city’s defences, the largest such attack inside Pokrovsk to date, which Russian forces have been trying to seize for months. Trump’s peace drive has created tensions with the US Congress, which passed a sweeping defence bill this week that bolsters European security and restricts the president’s authority to reduce troop levels or withdraw equipment from the continent.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/11/is-trumps-686m-f-16-upgrade-for-pakistan-a-message-to-india?traffic_source=rss
Article: The deal was struck amid simmering tensions between Pakistan and its neighbour, India, which engaged in a five-day war following a rebel attack in Indian-administered Kashmir in May this year. Praveen Donthi, a senior analyst at the Brussels-based non-governmental organisation (NGO) International Crisis Group, told Al Jazeera that the latest approval is part of a 2022 maintenance deal the US agreed in 2022 to sustain Pakistan’s fleet of F-16s. Both sides emphasise the fleet’s utility in joint counterterrorism operations in the region.” The latest US deal is for the sale of technology, which will support and upgrade Pakistan’s existing F-16 fleet. The US offering comprises hardware and software updates for enhanced flight operations and aircraft electronic systems; the Advanced Identification Friend or Foe (IFF) system, which allows pilots to identify friendly aircraft from enemy ones; navigation upgrades; spare parts and repairs. Advertisement Alongside $649m-worth of support and upgrades for the F-16s, the US sale also includes major defence equipment (MDE), which are items of significant military equipment on the US munitions list, worth $37m. The attack was claimed by The Resistance Front (TRF), a separatist group designated a terrorist organisation by India and the US, and which New Delhi alleges is linked to Pakistan-based Lashkar-e-Taiba (LeT) – a claim Islamabad denies. Following the Pahalgam attack, New Delhi scaled back diplomatic ties with Islamabad and suspended the Indus Waters Treaty, which ensures the appropriate sharing of the Indus River water between India and Pakistan. Trump announced the tariff in an executive order, in which he wrote that Russia’s continued military actions in Ukraine constituted a “national emergency” and it was therefore “necessary and appropriate” to place heightened tariffs on India, a top consumer of its crude oil. “I find that the Government of India is currently directly or indirectly importing Russian Federation oil.” While pressure from the US has resulted in India slightly scaling back purchases of Russian oil, New Delhi plans to continue to buy from Moscow. President Vladimir Putin met Prime Minister Modi for the annual Russia-India bilateral summit in New Delhi last week, during which he said: “Russia is ready for uninterrupted shipments of fuel to India.” The announcement of the latest US deal to provide maintenance and upgrades for Pakistan’s F-16s is likely to be poorly received by India. Donthi said that while the latest package from the US will help Pakistan maintain its fleet until 2040, it is China which has supplied more than 80 per cent of Pakistan’s weapons since 2020.

Link: https://www.today.com/video/fda-pushes-for-first-major-change-to-sunscreen-in-20-years-254217797583
Article: Copied The Food and Drug Administration is making a push to approve a new ingredient for sunscreen sold in the United States that could provide millions of Americans with better protection.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/nation-world/nasal-spray-recall-microbial-contamination/507-75c0e2e3-da06-4830-ba3f-2b90e0967ca2
Article: ReBoost Nasal Spray is a homeopathic nasal spray used to temporarily relieve nasal congestion, sinus headache and pressure, postnasal drip, sneezing, runny nose and nasal itching, according to the notice.

Link: https://abc7.com/post/time-magazine-names-architects-ai-person-year-2025/18275255/
Article: "For delivering the age of thinking machines, for wowing and worrying humanity, for transforming the present and transcending the possible, the Architects of AI are TIME's 2025 Person of the Year," Time said in a social media post. "We've named not just individuals but also groups, more women than our founders could have imagined (though still not enough), and, on rare occasions, a concept: the endangered earth, in 1988, or the personal computer, in 1982," wrote Sam Jacobs, the editor-in-chief, in an explanation of the choice. "The drama surrounding the selection of the PC over Apple's Steve Jobs later became the stuff of books and a movie." It made sense for Time to anoint AI because 2025 was the year that it shifted from "a novel technology explored by early adopters to one where a critical mass of consumers see it as part of their mainstream lives," Thomas Husson, principal analyst at research firm Forrester, said by email. Pope Leo XIV, the first American pope whose election this year followed the death of Pope Francis, was also considered a contender, with President Donald Trump, Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and New York Mayor-elect Zohran Mamdani topping lists as well. Trump was named the 2024 person of the year by the magazine after his winning his second bid for the White House, succeeding Taylor Swift, who was the 2023 person of the year.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c74x9gqynp9o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: 'Anger' as illegal waste dumps appear near homes 1 hour ago Share Save Elliot Ball West Midlands Share Save Peopleton Community The local authority has said it has identified "potential issues" at this site in Evesham, Worcestershire "Angry" residents have spoken out over mountains of dumped waste appearing near homes, with one of the spots described as an "environmental horror". Further complaint centres on a farm in the village of Peopleton where estate agents have reportedly told residents not to sell their homes, as property prices were falling due to the issue. With regard to the scene on Haselor Lane in Evesham, Wychavon District Council (WDC) said it was first made aware in October, adding it had identified "potential issues" at the site, and "waste crime" across the district. One said: "There is a level of anger, and you can feel that on a daily basis." Peopleton Community The Environment Agency has said it is aware of "illegal waste dumping activity" on land in Peopleton (above) The resident said: "I moved here six years ago from another village in the area and I moved because I didn't want my children growing up in the rat race. "You develop a sense of anger because you get to a point where we don't actually like living where we live." The second resident added some people in the village - where the waste was described as an "environmental horror" - now felt "trapped". "They advised them not to sell at the moment." Councillor Linda Robinson said Peopleton residents "would actually quite like to leave" Councillor Linda Robinson, who sits on Worcestershire County Council, and WDC for Peopleton and the surrounding area, described the village as a "very sleepy, rural" place "with a very proactive community". "The effect of this is lowering the value of their properties or making them impossible to sell, so it's an untenable position for them and something I would like to help them do something about." An EA spokesperson told the BBC waste "scars our communities". "Together we're pulling every lever available to us to disrupt those who profit from the harm illegal waste sites cause." WDC said that while its powers were limited, staff were working "proactively with partners", including the EA. A Peopleton resident described the dumping as an "environmental horror" The MP for Droitwich and Evesham, Nigel Huddlestone, said he was "very concerned by the ongoing activities at Stone Arrow Farm". "Since the problems first arose in autumn last year, I have been engaging with district and county councils, the Environment Agency, West Mercia Police and external stakeholders such as HMRC, the Health and Safety Executive and the DVSA. "I remain absolutely committed to working with all stakeholders and to do whatever I can to help bring this situation to an end, for the benefit of my constituents." Follow BBC Hereford & Worcester on BBC Sounds, Facebook, X and Instagram.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/homeland-security-secretary-noem-faces-scrutiny-immigration-policies-128308783
Article: Homeland Security Secretary Kristi Noem is expected to face tough questions from Democrats over the Republican administration's immigration policies at a House hearing WASHINGTON -- Homeland Security Secretary Kristi Noem, who heads the agency central to President Donald Trump's mass deportations agenda, is expected to face fierce questioning from Democrats on Thursday as the public face of the Republican administration's hard-line approach to immigration. Noem is testifying in front of the House Committee on Homeland Security to discuss “Worldwide Threats to the Homeland,” which in years past have focused on issues such as cybersecurity, terrorism, China and border security. In the months since, the number of people in immigration detention has skyrocketed; the administration has continued to remove migrants to countries they are not from; and, in the wake of an Afghan national being accused of shooting two National Guard troops, Noem’s department has dramatically stepped up checks and screening of immigrants in the U.S. The worldwide threats hearing, usually held annually, is an opportunity for members of Congress to ask the leaders of the Department of Homeland Security, the FBI and the National Counterterrorism Center about threats facing the U.S. Noem will also likely have to answer to criticism from Democrats who accuse immigration enforcement agents of erroneously detaining and arresting American citizens in their rush to deport as many people in the country illegally as possible. Homeland Security says agents carrying out immigration enforcement operations do not target or arrest American citizens for immigration reasons although they say they have arrested Americans for allegedly interfering in enforcement operations. And a number of the Democratic members of the committee are part of a lawsuit accusing Noem and the department of limiting their access to Immigration and Customs Enforcement detention facilities.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/winter-storm-rips-gaza-exposing-failure-deliver-aid-128308124
Article: By WAFAA SHURAFA Associated Press , BASSEM MROUE Associated Press , and AND JULIA FRANKEL Associated Press DEIR AL-BALAH, Gaza Strip -- Rains drenched Gaza’s tent camps and dropping temperatures chilled Palestinians huddling inside them Thursday as storm Byron descended on the war-battered territory, showing how two months of a ceasefire have failed to sufficiently address the spiraling humanitarian crisis there. I don’t have clothes to wear and we have no mattresses left,” said Um Salman Abu Qenas, a mother displaced from east of Khan Younis to a tent camp in Deir al-Balah. “This suffering could be prevented by unhindered humanitarian aid, including medical support and proper shelter." Sabreen Qudeeh, also in the Deir al-Balah camp, said her family woke up to rain leaking from their tent's ceiling and water from the street soaking their mattresses. Gaza’s population of around 2 million is almost entirely displaced and most people live in vast tent camps stretching for miles along the beach, exposed to the elements, without adequate flooding infrastructure and with cesspits dug near tents as toilets. The Palestinian Civil Defense, part of the Hamas-run government, said that since the storm began they have received more than 2,500 distress calls from citizens whose tents and shelters were damaged in all parts of the Gaza Strip. Under the agreement, Israel agreed to comply with aid stipulations from an earlier January 2025 truce, which specified that it allow 600 trucks of aid each day into Gaza and an agreed-upon number of temporary homes and tents. “There is real danger for people in Gaza at all levels.” Senior Hamas official Khaled Mashaal said that many people’s tents have become worn out after the two-year war, and people cannot find new places to shelter. He said Gaza also needs the rehabilitation of hospitals, the entry of heavy machinery to remove rubble, and the opening of the Rafah crossing — which remains closed after Israel said last week it would open in a few days.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Business/wireStory/us-jobless-benefit-applications-jump-236000-continuing-claims-128310083
Article: The number of Americans applying for unemployment benefits jumped last week, but the total number of those collecting benefits fell to the lowest level in eight months FILE - Applicants line up at a job fair at the Ocean Casino Resort in Atlantic City N.J., on April 11, 2022. (AP Photo/Wayne Parry, File) WASHINGTON -- The number of Americans applying for unemployment benefits jumped last week, but the total number of those collecting benefits fell to the lowest level in eight months. Job cuts announced recently by large companies such as UPS, General Motors, Amazon and Verizon typically take weeks or months to fully implement and may not be reflected in Thursday’s data.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Business/wireStory/nobel-laureate-machado-plans-return-venezuela-maduro-ousted-128311435
Article: Opposition leader María Corina Machado plans to return to Venezuela whether or not President Nicolás Maduro is removed from power Nobel laureate Machado plans return to Venezuela, whether or not Maduro is ousted Nobel Peace Prize laureate Maria Corina Machado speaks during a press conference at the Grand Hotel in Oslo, Norway, Thursday, Dec. (Heiko Junge/NTB Scanpix via AP) CARACAS, Venezuela -- Opposition leader María Corina Machado plans to return to Venezuela whether or not President Nicolás Maduro is ousted, saying Thursday that his government is at its weakest point because of U.S. Machado's statements to reporters came hours after she appeared in public for the first time in 11 months, following her arrival in Norway's capital, Oslo, where her daughter received the Nobel Peace Prize award on her behalf on Wednesday. She told reporters that she would return to Venezuela “when we believe the security conditions are right, and it won’t depend on whether or not the regime leaves.” Machado arrived in Oslo hours after Wednesday's prize ceremony and made her first public appearance early Thursday, emerging from a hotel balcony and waving to an emotional crowd of supporters. Machado left Venezuela at a critical point in the country’s protracted crisis, with the Trump administration carrying out a deadly military operation in the Caribbean and threatening repeatedly to strike Venezuelan soil. “We, the Venezuelan people that have tried every single, you know, institutional mean, ask support from the democratic nations in the world to cut those resources that come from illegal activities and support repressive approaches,” she said. It’s not a matter of statements, as you say, it’s a matter of action.” Machado, 58, was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize in October after mounting the most serious peaceful challenge in years to Maduro's authoritarian government. Machado was received Thursday by Norwegian Prime Minister Jonas Gahr Støre, who said that his country is ready to support a democratic Venezuela in “building new and sound institutions.” Asked whether the Venezuelan government might have known her whereabouts since January, Machado told reporters: “I don’t think they have known where I have been, and certainly they would have done everything to stop me from coming here.” She declined to give details of her journey from Venezuela to Norway. Machado, alongside the Norwegian prime minister, said that “we decided to fight until the end and Venezuela will be free” and that if Maduro’s government is still in place when she returns, “certainly I will be with my people and they will not know where I am.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Business/wireStory/office-holiday-parties-dreadful-introverts-people-social-anxiety-128310427
Article: Navigating holiday parties can be tough for introverts and people who are shy or have social anxiety NEW YORK -- The year the radio station company where he worked held its holiday party at a dive bar, Ryan Arnold walked in and saw coworkers passing around a tall glass boot filled with beer. “Not to be dramatic, but I just don’t want that image.” For many introverts, shy individuals and people with social anxiety, mingling at parties is often draining or arouses uncomfortable emotions. And maybe people are not really feeling that grand.” Attending work parties also leaves some people feeling uncertain about professional boundaries, which can get murky at events where people drink alcohol, said MacLeod, who created a consulting company called From the Inside Out Project that trains managers on team relationships and conflict resolution. “If you want flat shoes, wear flat shoes.” Introverts and shy people may find smaller crowds more manageable, and the turnout at parties tends to be smallest at arrival time. Suitable responses could include something like, “'I haven’t done that, but that sounds interesting,' or ‘Whoa, you’re great for doing that, but I’m not the bungee jumping type,’” Taylor added. If that happens while Taylor is chatting with a colleague, she sometimes acknowledges the sudden pause, saying “This is awkward because we’re so used to talking about work things, aren’t we.” If someone you're talking to seems distracted, don't assume they're bored with you, Taylor said. “I caution people against mind reading because we're really good at misinterpreting what people are thinking and often we do it in a negative direction." Carla Pruitt, a business development associate at engineering company ENFRA, recalls a holiday gift exchange someone organized at a place she once worked.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/11/disney-openai-sora-characters-video.html
Article: The Walt Disney Company on Thursday announced it will make a $1 billion equity investment in OpenAI and will allow users to make videos with its copyrighted characters on Sora. "The rapid advancement of artificial intelligence marks an important moment for our industry, and through this collaboration with OpenAI we will thoughtfully and responsibly extend the reach of our storytelling through generative AI, while respecting and protecting creators and their works," Disney CEO Bob Iger said in a statement. "Disney is the global gold standard for storytelling, and we're excited to partner to allow Sora and ChatGPT Images to expand the way people create and experience great content," OpenAI CEO Sam Altman said in a statement.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/11/us-home-prices-negative.html
Article: Home prices have finally come down compared to last year, though just fractionally, according to daily reads from Parcl Labs, which looks at high frequency listing data on single family homes, condos and townhomes, both new and existing. On a national level, home prices have not gone negative since mid-2023, a year after the Federal Reserve first brought rates up from zero, and mortgage rates moved sharply higher. It was nothing like the great financial crisis when home prices dropped 27% from their peak in 2006 to their trough in 2012, according to the S&P Case-Shiller National Home Price Index. Historically, that combination of a credit or affordability shock, weaker demand, and more inventory than the market can easily absorb is what tends to produce broad national price declines." Inventory today is still historically low, but it has come off its near record lows of recent years. Prices nationally are down less than 1%, but certain markets are seeing more significant drops: Prices in Austin, Texas, are down 10% from last year; in Denver, Colorado, they're down 5%, according to Parcl Labs. There are also markets seeing gains: in Cleveland, Ohio, prices gained 6%; Chicago, Illinois, and New York City both saw price increases of 5%; Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, saw prices rise 3% and Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, and Boston, Massachusetts, both saw 2% price gains, according to Parcl.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/11/big-short-steve-eisman-is-getting-worried-about-the-ai-trade.html
Article: "The Real Eisman Playbook" podcast host and former Neuberger Berman senior portfolio manager said he encountered a theory suggesting that as large language models continue to scale, their performance gains could begin to diminish, challenging the premise that ever-larger models will keep delivering breakthrough improvements. At some point, companies like Microsoft — if this becomes true — they're going to start buying fewer chips." This idea runs counter to one of Wall Street's most widely accepted foundations of the AI trade — that rising model complexity will justify the enormous spending on computing power that's driving chip demand. "This is the foundational argument that everybody should be focused on all the time." Eisman said he's staying put right now, still owning most of the key AI players like Nvidia , Microsoft, and Meta Platforms . "And once that assumption got pulled out, the whole edifice collapsed." Michael Burry, also of the "Big Short" fame, has for months been warning that AI demand could be overstated and that the economics of the current spending surge.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/tech/tech-news/openai-disney-sora-ai-videos-rcna248617
Article: It's "A Whole New World." The Walt Disney Company announced on Thursday that it had reached a three-year agreement with OpenAI to bring its popular characters to the company's Sora AI video generator. "Under the agreement, Disney and OpenAI are affirming a shared commitment to the responsible use of AI that protects user safety and the rights of creators," the companies said in a statement. OpenAI also says it has committed to "implementing responsible measures to further address trust and safety, including age-appropriate policies." Disney says that some of the characters that are part of the deal include: Mickey Mouse, Minnie Mouse, Lilo, Stitch, Ariel, Belle, Beast, Cinderella, Baymax, Simba, Mufasa, as well as characters from the worlds of Encanto, Frozen, Inside Out, Moana, Monsters Inc., Toy Story, Up, Zootopia. “Technological innovation has continually shaped the evolution of entertainment, bringing with it new ways to create and share great stories with the world,” Bob Iger, CEO of The Walt Disney Company, said in a news release. “The rapid advancement of artificial intelligence marks an important moment for our industry, and through this collaboration with OpenAI we will thoughtfully and responsibly extend the reach of our storytelling through generative AI, while respecting and protecting creators and their works," the release said. "Bringing together Disney’s iconic stories and characters with OpenAI’s groundbreaking technology puts imagination and creativity directly into the hands of Disney fans in ways we’ve never seen before, giving them richer and more personal ways to connect with the Disney characters and stories they love.” Disney shares initially jumped on the news in premarket trading, however by 9:15 a.m. " I would characterize some of them as quite productive conversations." Iger said in those talks Disney was "seeking to not only protect the value of our IP and of our creative engines but also to seek opportunities for us to use their technology to create more engagement with consumers."

Link: https://abc13.com/post/deadly-rollover-crash-investigation-lauder-road-eastex-freeway-hcso-says/18275226/
Article: 1 person killed in rollover crash on Lauder Road near Eastex Freeway, HCSO says Watch Eyewitness News and ABC13 originals around the clock Watch Eyewitness News and ABC13 originals around the clock Watch Eyewitness News and ABC13 originals around the clock Watch Eyewitness News and ABC13 originals around the clock HARRIS COUNTY, Texas (KTRK) -- The Harris County Sheriff's Office is investigating a deadly rollover crash near the Eastex Freeway on Thursday morning.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cn09g640659o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Bulgarian PM and government resign after mass protests 24 minutes ago Share Save Paul Kirby Europe digital editor Share Save AFP via Getty Images The centre of Sofia filled with tens of thousands of protesters on Wednesday night calling for the government to go The government of Bulgarian Prime Minister Rosen Zhelyazkov has resigned after protesters took to the streets in cities across the country and filled the centre of the capital Sofia on Wednesday night.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/ckgzkxvq9gwo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Landlord faces nightmare clean as £40k rent unpaid 9 hours ago Share Save Adrian Harms , in Camberley and Cash Murphy , South East Share Save Adrian Harms/BBC Nevena Khediri says she is owed over £40,000 in unpaid rent from the tenant who left the home in an "indescribable" state A landlord owed over £40,000 in unpaid rent from a tenant who left piles of rubbish all over her property says the experience has been a "nightmare". The fridge has cobwebs." The tenant moved into the five-bedroom property in September 2023 and was only recently evicted after a "tremendously slow and long winded" legal process, Ms Khediri said. Adrian Harms/BBC Ms Khediri and her family had lived in the home for about 15 years before she rented it out Huge piles of rubbish were left both inside and outside the property. "She said she was having trouble, and then she just stopped [paying], and ignored any communication." Adrian Harms/BBC Ms Khediri decided to rent out her family home property in Camberley after her marriage broke down Over the coming months Ms Khediri initiated proceedings to evict the tenant. During this period the tenant was accepted to the government's Breathing Space scheme, which gives those in debt temporary protection for up to 60 days to get their finances in order. Adrian Harms/BBC Ms Khediri says issues with the tenant escalated in October 2024 when she stopped paying rent Ms Khediri, who is further out of pocket due to various legal fees, has now enlisted friends to help her clear the property. "Landlords will also be able to evict a tenant if they have more than three months' arrears at the time of a court hearing." Follow BBC Surrey on Facebook, on X.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/politics/watch-live-defense-officials-testify-on-national-guard-deployment-across-u-s-in-senate-hearing
Article: WASHINGTON (AP) — Senators for the first time are poised to question military leaders over President Donald Trump’s use of the National Guard in American cities, an extraordinary move that has prompted legal challenges as well as questions about states’ rights and the use of the military on U.S.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/11/walton-fortune-family-offices.html
Article: In this article WMT Follow your favorite stocks CREATE FREE ACCOUNT Rob Walton, left, Walmart retired chairman of the board, and Walmart board member Steuart Walton listen at the Walmart annual formal business and shareholders meeting in Rogers, Arkansas, on May 30, 2018. None of the Waltons — the surviving children and grandchildren of late Walmart founder Sam Walton — work directly for the retailer, though one serves on Walmart's board and an in-law chairs it. But the family still holds a 45% stake in Walmart, and since the start of 2020, the Waltons and their family trust have sold $25.3 billion in Walmart stock, according to Smart Insider. His nephew Lukas Walton, worth $48 billion, has made $15 billion in impact investments over the last decade or so, ranging from sustainable fuel made from sewage to bonds that fund ocean conservation, according to his family office Builders Vision. watch now Experts say this "hub and spoke" model allows the family to benefit from the economies of scale created by their pooled investments, while also allowing family members to pursue their own projects. "Families are increasingly finding ways to draw the next gen in and not be too paternalistic." Gregg Lemkau, co-CEO of bank and investment advisory firm BDT & MSD Partners, said 39-year-old Lukas Walton, in particular, is part of a growing cohort of next-generation heirs, who are forging a path outside the family business. "And with Builders Vision, which has massive scale and impact on oceans and the planet and agriculture, [Lukas] is really having a differentiated impact on something that was passionate to him." Similarly, Lukas Walton's cousins, Tom Walton and Steuart Walton, through their firm RZC Investments, have backed a new mountain biking park near the family's hometown of Bentonville, Arkansas (also home to Walmart's headquarters).

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/11/tom-lee-sees-sp-500-hitting-7700-in-2026-extending-bull-market.html
Article: "The significant 'Wall of Worry' is a tailwind for bull market." Stocks have indeed climbed a so-called wall of worry in recent years, as companies active in artificial intelligence drove huge gains, even as concerns around persistent inflation and a softer labor market grew.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/disney-sora-openai-characters-video-marvel-11194559
Article: The Walt Disney Company said it has signed a $1 billion deal with OpenAI to allow users of its AI video generation platform Sora to create content featuring more than 200 Disney, Marvel, Pixar, and Star Wars characters.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/wrestling/wwe-management-reportedly-has-found-their-next-roman-reigns-11194537
Article: According to a new report from Bodyslam.net, WWE higher-ups firmly believe that the former "NXT" Champion is "the next true big star" and see him as a long-term face of the company. The report indicates that management's faith in Breakker is absolute, with one source going so far as to compare his future trajectory to that of the company's biggest modern icon. More news: Nikki Bella Reunites With Ex-Boyfriend At WWE Raw It’s not just talk—Breakker is reportedly a frontrunner to win the 2026 "Royal Rumble" and go on to capture the World Heavyweight Championship next year. That show, which marks "Raw's" one-year anniversary on Netflix, will serve as a critical indicator of whether WWE is ready to pull the trigger on his coronation immediately or if the "Royal Rumble" remains the destination for his crowning moment.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/us-should-leave-nato-new-republican-bill-says-11193419
Article: The bill, introduced by Representative Thomas Massie of Kentucky and co-sponsored by Representative Anna Paulina Luna of Florida, seeks to "remove the United States" from the alliance it has spearheaded since its inception in 1949. While the legislation is at an early stage and there is no sign the Trump administration backs it, it comes amid a debate over Washington's future role in the alliance, with the U.S. released a national security strategy that criticized Europe and suggested the Continent's security would be less of a priority for Washington, even in the face of the threat posed by Russia. What To Know After introducing the bill, HR 6508, that would pull the United States out of the alliance, Massie said in a statement that NATO was created to counter the Soviet Union, which collapsed decades ago. should not be "the world's security blanket—especially when wealthy countries refuse to pay for their own defense." Trump has said that European members in the alliance should pay at least 3.5 percent of their gross domestic product on defense. Trump has criticized Spain for backing out of the commitment to raise defense spending, but he has not said he wants to withdraw from the alliance like he did during his first term. Trump also told alliance members at a June summit that he was "committed to being their friends." What People Are Saying Republican Representative Thomas Massie of Kentucky said in a statement on Tuesday: "We should withdraw from NATO and use that money to defend our own country, not socialist countries." Republican Representative Anna Paulina Luna of Florida, commenting on Massie's post about the bill, wrote on X: "Co-sponsoring this." What Happens Next Massie's bill has many hurdles to overcome, not least from his Republican colleagues, who have recently pushed for stronger U.S. Last month, Senators Michael Bennet, a Democrat from Colorado, and Joni Ernst, a Republican from Iowa, introduced a bill for an integrated air defense system against Russian incursions with NATO allies.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nfl/vikings-jj-mccarthy-gives-strong-words-on-justin-jefferson-connection-11194232
Article: At 5-8, Minnesota is still not officially eliminated from the playoff picture, but there are multiple teams with better records ahead of them, including their division’s Chicago Bears and Detroit Lions. He mentioned looking at game tape of Jefferson to see how he plays, or having a chat with him about a play on the iPad on the sidelines during games, is helping them grow their connection. We’re seeing new defenses, going against new players, new coaches, and there’s going to be more obstacles that come, and just how good is our relationship and communication to overcome those and prepare us for future obstacles,” McCarthy said. While McCarthy and the Vikings aren't really part of that discussion, it appears the young quarterback is optimistic about his future with Jefferson, at least for the team's remaining games.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/ncaa/notre-dame-marcus-freeman-candidate-michigan-job-11194311
Article: The Notre Dame Fighting Irish and Marcus Freeman are still fresh off of being snubbed for the College Football Playoff field and the fallout from that decision still hasn't quieted down. "Freeman has been a name floating around a lot this year, and most recently he has been picking up a bunch of buzz about a potential leap to the NFL," Kalland wrote. "It remains to be seen whether he has a desire to take his talents to the professional level, but if Freeman is at all unhappy with his situation at Notre Dame and looking for an exit, Michigan would certainly make for an interesting home." Since taking over as the head coach of the Fighting Irish back in 2021, Notre Dame has gone 43-12 under his leadership.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/donald-trump-legal-setback-california-high-speed-rail-dale-drozd-doj-11193854
Article: District Judge Dale Drozd, based in Sacramento, California, rejected a bid by the Justice Department (DOJ) to throw out a July lawsuit brought by the California High-Speed Rail Authority over the federal grant cancellations. District Court in Los Angeles, that the administration's funding cut was an "arbitrary and capricious abuse of authority." Newsweek contacted the U.S Department of Transportation, the DOJ, and the California High-Speed Rail Authority by email and via their websites outside of regular working hours for comment. What To Know The California High-Speed Rail Authority filed its lawsuit in July after the Federal Railroad Administration pulled more than $4 billion in grants originally designated for construction in the Central Valley. The complaint said the Trump administration's decision was "arbitrary and capricious, an abuse of discretion, and contrary to law, and threatens to wreak significant economic damage on the Central Valley, the state, and the nation." In August, the Department of Transportation also revoked an additional $175 million set for related projects. A DOJ attorney argued in November that Drozd should dismiss California's case, arguing that a district court has no authority to adjudicate such issues, and that it should be resolved in the U.S. What People Are Saying President Donald Trump wrote on Truth Social in July: "To the law abiding, tax paying, hardworking citizens of the United States of America, I am thrilled to announce that I have officially freed you from funding California's disastrously overpriced, 'HIGH SPEED TRAIN TO NOWHERE.' This boondoggle, led by the incompetent Governor of California, Gavin Newscum, has cost taxpayers hundreds of billions of dollars, and we have received NOTHING in return except cost overruns. This was an ill-conceived and unnecessary project, and a total waste of taxpayer money - but no more!" California Governor Gavin Newsom said in July: "Trump’s termination of federal grants for California high-speed rail reeks of politics. We’re suing to stop Trump from derailing America’s only high-speed rail actively under construction." What Happens Next Following Drozd’s ruling, California's lawsuit to restore more than $4 billion in federal funds will continue in the district court.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/russia-reacts-venezuela-oil-tanker-donald-trump-maduro-11194272
Article: Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov demanded that the administration of President Donald Trump provide justification for its seizure of a Venezuelan oil tanker this week, as tensions have soared between the U.S. "I really hope that the United States, although they consider themselves entitled to conduct such operations, will somehow explain, out of respect for other members of the world community, what facts led them to take such actions," Lavrov said, Russia's Tass news agency reported on Thursday. "There is too little information here because I do not know how the United States views the Venezuelan situation, except that President [Donald] Trump has spoken publicly demanding a regime change or voluntary resignation of [Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro], but Chevron is operating in Venezuela, buying Venezuelan oil.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/cheese-recall-highest-fda-risk-warning-11194014
Article: Class I recalls are reserved for situations in which there is a reasonable probability that the use of or exposure to a violative product will cause serious adverse health consequences or death, indicating the gravity of this alert among recent food recalls. What People Are Saying The FDA says on its website: “A recall is a method of removing or correcting products that are in violation of laws administered by the FDA. “Class I [is] a situation in which there is a reasonable probability that the use of, or exposure to, a violative product will cause serious adverse health consequences or death.” What Happens Next The recall of Charlevoix Cheese Company Mild Cheddar Cheese remains active as authorities continue to monitor the situation and remove all potentially contaminated product from distribution.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/dad-told-might-not-speak-again-double-stroke-son-steps-up-11193275
Article: The second stroke caused significant damage, but the medical team’s quick intervention prevented an even worse outcome." Lizzy added that the stroke was caused by a tear in the body’s main artery, known as aortic dissection. Hearing those words was gut-wrenching." She added: "The thought that his voice, his humor, his constant chatter might never return was devastating." Rehabilitation and Recovery After three weeks in an inpatient rehabilitation program, Rich returned to his Rhode Island home. He is empathetic, wise beyond his years, and has been deeply involved in Rich’s recovery." Today, Rich is unable to continue working in the lumber industry or run his mobile detailing business. Their bond is strong, and you can see it clearly in our videos." TikTok in Tears On December 5, Richie faced his dad, who was lying on the sofa, reciting familiar phrases such as "hey, Chicken Little" and singing Let Me Tell You ’Bout My Best Friend from the film Starsky & Hutch.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/world-cup-2026-roger-bennett-usmnt-pochettino-messi-ronaldo-11193510
Article: This version of the tournament will be co-hosted by the United States, Mexico and Canada, which has raised some real concerns about things like ticket accessibility, issues around a scheduled "Pride Match" and the potential for Immigration and Customs Enforcement presence at matches. For American fans, the hope is that playing on home soil might finally be the opportunity for the nation, which has historically struggled in men’s soccer, get over the hump. “The draw is also meant to announce to the world ‘Hey, this is happening in 186 days.’ And so you do need the noise, you do need the glitz, you do need the kind of Vegas residency vibe, which football always has around the draw. It was long, it was 'Godfather II’ long, it was Ken Burns long, but it got us all talking…It really was a part-Vegas show and ultimately it was a reflection of where we are in America right now.” On the sporting side of things, though, the key takeaway for Americans is that they secured a favorable draw; the co-hosts are slated to face Australia, Paraguay and a to-be-determined team from a European playoff. But we would 100 percent have taken this group, the initial group, the first three games before the draw." Playing Under Pressure At the same time, though, that favorable draw and the chance to play on home soil could be a double-edged sword. And how our players deal with that weight of expectation on home turf will be psychologically fraught and fascinating.” And while we’re not 100 percent sure which players will make the final squad, we do that head coach Mauricio Pochettino will play a key role in the United States Men's National Team’s campaign. And so, I'd say it's a work in progress.” And, given that status as a work in progress, the upcoming tournament is an opportunity to see where the United States actually fit in the soccer hierarchy. “We don't really know our true weight class in the food chain of football where you know Argentina, England, France are at the top, and underneath you have Norway, Morocco, and the like, Netherlands. “In terms of other storylines, there is a group of death, Group I, in which France, who’ve reached the last two World Cup finals, they won in 2018—propelled by the delirious play of young national icon Kylian Mbappé—will face Senegal, the best African team, apart from Morocco, loaded with talented European-based talent, including a slew of Premier League warriors, and also Norway, who are returning to the World Cup for the first time since 1998,” Bennett continued. And so to see Kylian Mbappé face Erling Haaland on the international stage for the first time in Boston will be utterly magnificent.” But the World Cup isn’t just about stars.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/nasa-bus-sized-asteroid-approaching-earth-december-2025-11193796
Article: Estimated to measure some 41 feet across, the asteroid known as “2025 XF1” is projected to come as close as 195,000 miles from our planet on Saturday, according to NASA’s Jet Propulsion Laboratory. NASA is also monitoring two plane-sized asteroids, one called “2020 WH20” and another called “2016 YH,” which are each speeding towards Earth at nearly 20,000 miles per hour, making their closest approaches on Friday and Saturday, respectively. "Near-Earth objects" is the designation given to asteroids whose orbits bring them within 120 million miles of the sun and into our planet's “orbital neighborhood.” Earlier this year, in February, data from the CNEOS found that the impact probability of an asteroid called “2024 YR4” in 2032 was at 3.1 percent, which was “the highest impact probability NASA has ever recorded for an object of this size or larger,” NASA said at the time. NASA advises that “the majority of near-Earth objects have orbits that don’t bring them very close to Earth and therefore pose no risk of impact.” A small portion of them, known as potentially hazardous asteroids (PHAs), do merit closer observation. Paul Chodas, manager of the CNEOS, previously told Newsweek that "the 'potentially hazardous' designation simply means over many centuries and millennia the asteroid's orbit may evolve into one that has a chance of impacting Earth.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/bonnie-blues-last-videos-before-arrest-details-australia-trip-11193034
Article: The controversial adult content creator shared a vlog of herself preparing her notorious "BangBus"—a blue Volkswagen van she tours around the world in search of recruits to star in her adult content. A vlog shared three weeks ago on YouTube showed her preparing to return to Australia; she was barred last year when authorities determined she had breached her tourist visa by planning to produce adult content while there. She has received global backlash for recruiting what she calls "barely legals" to engage in sexual activity with her, and for claiming to have slept with 1,057 men in 12 hours—a self-proclaimed world record. She then heads to the Australian Embassy in London to get her waiver approved, later posing in an Australian-style outback hat as she loads up the van with essentials including a surfboard and a crate of Fosters beer to "hydrate the schoolies." She explains she is excited to get out there, with just 20 days to go before festivities begin. Best week of your life." Footage then shows Blue traveling first class to Brisbane, Queensland, with a layover, before sharing plans to start her road trip on the Gold Coast. Fathers lock you sons up." Following the vlog, she continued sharing travel updates on Instagram at @bonnieblue, including photos and videos of the BangBus in Surfer’s Paradise, Queensland, captioned: "Gold Coast Schoolies 2025." On November 27, she posted a photo posing next to a new BangBus—a darker-blue pick-up-style van—with the caption: "Bali schoolies, your taxi will be waiting at the airport for you tomorrow." Blue went on to share multiple posts of herself partying on the island with young tourists celebrating Schoolies, including one video of a group of men pushing the "BangBus" through the street after it broke down.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/uncle-realizes-3-year-old-niece-has-swallowed-airpod-shock-over-next-move-11192470
Article: In an attempt to lighten the mood, the uncle decided to test a quirky idea: “I connected the AirPod to my phone and put my ear on her stomach to check if I could hear it.” To his surprise, the experiment worked. While his intention was to calm the situation, the uncle confessed that he ended up being “the only one laughing while everyone else was still stressing about the AirPod inside her.” Apple’s Safety Warning While the story amused thousands online, Apple’s official guidance underscores the seriousness of such incidents. Immediate Action: If a battery is suspected to be swallowed or inserted inside any part of the body, seek immediate medical attention and contact a local poison control center for treatment information. In follow-up comments, the uncle explained that the AirPod was safely removed through an endoscopy—a medical procedure that uses a thin, flexible tube equipped with a camera to examine the inside of the body, typically via the mouth. That’s f****** hilarious," and the uncle replied: "[I know right] but only my niece and I thought it was hilarious." "Will the pod play inside her intestines?" asked one user and the poster confirmed: "It's out already. But it played in what I assume was her stomach." When asked what song he played, he replied Saturday Love, a song released in 1985 by Cherrelle, an American R&B singer.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/mlb/blue-jays-john-schneider-makes-painful-admission-on-infamous-game-7-play-11193754
Article: The moment that a lot of Toronto Blue Jays fans have come to lament from this year's World Series came in the bottom of the ninth inning of Game 7, when Daulton Varsho's ground ball to Los Angeles Dodgers second baseman Miguel Rojas with the bases loaded and one out resulted in Isiah Kiner-Falefa getting forced out at home plate by about half a step. Controversy ensued in the game's aftermath, as Dodgers catcher Will Smith went on to homer in the top of the 11th to give the Dodgers a 5-4 lead and eventually, their second-straight title. It was clear from rewatching the video of the groundout that Kiner-Falefa's primary lead was far too small, given that Varsho is a left-handed batter who virtually never lines out to third base. More than a month after the loss, Blue Jays manager John Schneider addressed the play earlier this week, “For one, I feel so bad for Izzy (Kiner-Falefa) for getting all the blame,” Schneider said in a video posted to YouTube by Baseball on Fanatics View. There's been video of (third base coach Carlos Febles) telling him where to go." Schneider revealed that part of the logic behind Kiner-Falefa's small lead was Smith's tendency to throw behind runners at third base. Still, he admitted that for all the details the Blue Jays surely had on their minds during that critical moment, the probability of a bang-bang play at the plate didn't rank high enough among them.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/cookie-recall-threat-life-warning-issued-11193756
Article: In a statement relayed by the Food and Drug Administration on its website, the company warns individuals who are allergic to peanut, egg, or soy that they could “run the risk of serious or life-threatening allergic reactions” if they consume the wrongly labeled cookies. According to the company statement issued on December 10, Lunds & Byerlys—a Minnesota-based grocery chain—has voluntarily recalled a batch of its L&B Monster Cookies because the wrong label was applied to the packaging. The affected cookies can be identified by the UPC 18169-66862 (which is the UPC for the Tex-Mex Turkey Wrap) and were sold between November 15 and December 9, 2025, at all Lunds & Byerlys stores throughout the Twin Cities and St. People who have allergies to peanuts, egg, and soy run the risk of serious or life-threatening allergic reaction if they consume these products.” What Happens Next The FDA will continue monitoring the recall database and will update the public if any reported health incidents arise.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/ncaa/texas-am-dealt-unfortunate-news-before-playoff-game-vs-miami-11193910
Article: The Texas A&M Aggies are preparing for the College Football Playoff, but head coach Mike Elko isn't just focused on preparing his team for a showdown against the Miami Hurricanes. Elko is in the midst of a search for a new offensive coordinator after Collin Klein accepted the position as Kansas State's new head coach following the abrupt retirement of Chris Kleiman. But I think we're in a really good place with knowing which direction we want to go with that." But Klein isn't the only one Elko needs to replace now. It’s a name of someone who has worked his way up on defensive staffs the past two decades, including three power-level stops since 2019 and two in the SEC since 2022 with him having spent the past two seasons with A&M," On3Sports' Pete Nakos reported.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nba/lakers-lebron-james-shuts-down-nba-playoff-talk-after-spurs-loss-11193836
Article: The Los Angeles Lakers suffered a difficult 132-119 loss to the San Antonio Spurs, and the last thing LeBron James wants to think about in December is his team's chances of making the playoffs. That seems to suggest this Spurs team will be a dangerous force come playoff time, but LeBron James wasn't ready to speak on his team's level of preparedness for the postseason yet. “The habits that we build throughout the regular season, each month, if we are in a position to make it to the postseason and be able to get to that point we have to build it now,” he said, adding, "But talking about what type of damage we can do in the postseason in December, that’s not right for the basketball gods." As LeBron mentioned, the playoffs are still months away, giving the Lakers time to work on issues.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/fifa-bribery-charges-dropped-trump-given-peace-prize-scrutiny-11193540
Article: Lopez was convicted in 2023 of conspiring to pay millions in bribes to secure broadcast rights for South American soccer tournaments, while Full Play was accused of coordinating and facilitating the bribes on behalf of broadcasters. Prosecutors said the government had determined that "dismissal of this criminal case is in the interests of justice." Lopez told the Associated Press that he was relieved by the move to dismiss what he called baseless charges. In Washington, D.C., on Friday, Trump was awarded the FIFA Peace Prize during the draw for the 2026 World Cup—which is scheduled to take place next summer in the U.S., Mexico and Canada. FIFA President Gianni Infantino presented Trump with the award, which the organization says is intended to "reward individuals who have taken exceptional and extraordinary actions for peace and by doing so have united people across the world." Commenting on the news that prosecutors had moved to drop the charges, CNN reporter Aaron Blake wrote on X: "A week after FIFA gave Trump a newly created award and made him a focal point of the World Cup draw. And with no real explanation." Reporter Sam Stein wrote on X, "Amazing what a made up trophy can get you these days." X user @covie_93 told 155,000 followers: "Makes sense now doesn't it??? trump's DOJ is dropping FIFA corruption case after he got a FIFA 'peace prize.'" The award itself has drawn scrutiny, with a human rights group asking FIFA's Ethics Committee to investigate whether awarding Trump breached FIFA's rules on political neutrality. What People Are Saying Hernan Lopez said in a statement to the Associated Press: "The charges were baseless from the start, and I have fought for five years to clear my name." FIFA President Gianni Infantino wrote on Instagram after the World Cup draw: "I was honored and delighted to present the inaugural FIFA Peace Prize—Football Unites the World award to U.S. Trump for his unwavering commitment to advancing peace and unity throughout the world through his notable leadership and action." What Happens Next The Supreme Court is now set to consider prosecutors' motion to return the case to a lower court, where a judge is expected to formally dismiss the indictment.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nfl/nfl-quarterback-rejected-colts-offer-before-philip-rivers-news-11193797
Article: Philip Rivers is back in an Indianapolis Colts uniform for the first time since he retired from the game of football following the 2020 season in which he led the team to an 11-6 season and a playoff appearance. And it's kind of one of those deals; the door opens and you can either walk through it and find out if you can do it or run from it," Rivers said this week after being signed to the Colts practice squad after the season-ending Achilles injury to starting quarterback Daniel Jones. More Football: NFL Reaches Punishment Decision After Jaxson Dart Incident vs Patriots In a conversation with the Denver Post, Broncos quarterback Sam Ehlinger revealed he received an offer from the Colts to rejoin the team with which he spent his first four seasons.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/kim-kardashian-fortnite-collaboration-everything-we-know-11191785
Article: In a video posted on the Fortnite YouTube channel, the 45-year-old Kardashian can be seen preparing an extravagant meal for her children, doing important business work, filming for the cameras, and, of course, playing Fortnite. The caption beneath the Fortnite YouTube video reads: "See you December 13, Kim Kardashian." So, users won’t have to wait too long to find out what the collaboration has in store for them. While the pricing is yet to be announced, Vice estimates that the outfits will cost 1,500 V-Bucks in Fortnite currency, the emote could be 500 V-Bucks, and the jet around 1,200 V-Bucks. Many people have taken to social media to share their shock and delight at Kardashian’s latest collaboration, which comes just days after she announced a SKIMS line of skiwear with The North Face. User @twizzuk wrote on X that the choice to make Kardashian pickaxe a purse was surely a "sneaky reference" to her memorable fight with younger sister Khloe Kardashian in 2008. Another X user, @tonytrb, called it "one of the best Fortnite collabs of all time." And X user @leandek15 wrote: "Kim Kardashian currently has Hulu number 1 show All’s Fair, she did a live shop event on TikTok for skims & dropped a new collab with north face, her new Netflix movie announced its cast & she unveiled her Fortnite Skin like Kim K will always keep a job." Although not everyone agrees, as @Nina7Infinity on X said this "Kim K is a miss" for this collab.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cy8jvll9j81o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: From Iran to China to Venezuela - how tanker seized by US hid true location 43 minutes ago Share Save Joshua Cheetham, Paul Brown, Richard Irvine-Brown & Matt Murphy BBC Verify Share Save BBC The oil tanker seized by US forces on Wednesday had a track record of faking or concealing its location information, apparently to hide its activities, ship tracking data shows. BBC Verify confirmed the ship was the Skipper by matching a sign seen in footage released by the US to a reference photo supplied by TankerTrackers.com, a site which monitors oil shipments. The US Treasury department first sanctioned the ship in 2022, when it was sailing under the name Adisa, and was accused of being part of an "international oil smuggling network". The Skipper has sailed under the flag of Guyana, but the government was quick to release a statement saying that the 20-year-old tanker was "falsely flying the Guyana Flag as it is not registered in Guyana". Experts told BBC Verify that the Skipper was likely a part of the so-called "dark fleet" - a global network of oil tankers that seek to evade oil sanctions by obscuring their ownership, identities and travel histories. Venezuela has some of the world's largest reserves of oil, but exports were placed under sanctions in 2019 by the US in a bid to force the transition of power from President Nicholas Maduro's administration, which has been widely accused of election rigging. In the interim period, satellite images identified byTankerTrackers.com and confirmed by BBC Verify show that the Skipper was present in the Port of Jose in Venezuela on 18 November and not appearing on tracking sites at the time. Mr Van Lokeren said that Venezuela's refining capacity has been significantly degraded in recent years and is "dependent" on its allies in Iran and Russia to convert its crude oil into more commercially lucrative products.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cvgjw7pljy8o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Police apologise to family of first child killed in Troubles 1 hour ago Share Save Share Save Pacemaker Nine-year-old Patrick Rooney was hit in his bedroom by one of the shots fired by police in west Belfast to disperse rioters at Divis flats in August 1969 Police have apologised to the family of the first child killed in the Troubles in Northern Ireland. Nine-year-old Patrick Rooney, the oldest of six, was shot in front of the rest of his family while taking shelter in a bedroom in the Divis flats in August 1969. "The PSNI acknowledges the hurt and suffering caused to the family and wishes to sincerely apologise for the loss they endured." Formal authorisation for the undisclosed damages is still to be obtained from the Policing Board, along with the Department of Justice and Department of Finance at Stormont.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/politics/watch-live-noem-testifies-on-global-security-threats-to-the-u-s-in-house-hearing
Article: Noem is testifying in front of the House Committee on Homeland Security to discuss “Worldwide Threats to the Homeland,” which in years past have focused on issues such as cybersecurity, terrorism, China and border security. WASHINGTON (AP) — Homeland Security Secretary Kristi Noem, who heads the agency central to President Donald Trump’s mass deportations agenda, is expected to face fierce questioning from Democrats on Thursday as the public face of the Republican administration’s hard-line approach to immigration. In the months since, the number of people in immigration detention has skyrocketed; the administration has continued to remove migrants to countries they are not from; and, in the wake of an Afghan national being accused of shooting two National Guard troops, Noem’s department has dramatically stepped up checks and screening of immigrants in the U.S. The worldwide threats hearing, usually held annually, is an opportunity for members of Congress to ask the leaders of the Department of Homeland Security, the FBI and the National Counterterrorism Center about threats facing the U.S. READ MORE: Trump’s immigration message collides with his welcome to World Cup fans Noem’s department is under particular scrutiny because Congress in July passed legislation giving it roughly $165 billion to carry out its mass deportations agenda and secure the border. Noem will also likely have to answer to criticism from Democrats who accuse immigration enforcement agents of erroneously detaining and arresting American citizens in their rush to deport as many people in the country illegally as possible. Homeland Security says agents carrying out immigration enforcement operations do not target or arrest American citizens for immigration reasons although they say they have arrested Americans for allegedly interfering in enforcement operations. WATCH: Trump says he doesn’t want Somali migrants in the U.S., calls people ‘garbage’ And a number of the Democratic members of the committee are part of a lawsuit accusing Noem and the department of limiting their access to Immigration and Customs Enforcement detention facilities.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/judge-orders-immediate-release-kilmar-abrego-garcia-immigration/story?id=126511576
Article: District Judge Paula Xinis said in her order Thursday that "since Abrego Garcia's wrongful detention in El Salvador, he has been re-detained, again without lawful authority." Xinis said that the absence of a removal order prevents the government from removing Abrego Garcia from the United States. Last month, the government -- seeking to deport Abrego Garcia to the West African nation of Liberia -- asked Xinis to dissolve a ban on his removal to that country, saying it had received assurances from the Liberian government that he would not be persecuted or tortured should he be deported there. Abrego Garcia, a Salvadoran native who had been living in Maryland with his wife and children, was deported in March to El Salvador's CECOT mega-prison -- despite a 2019 court order barring his deportation to that country due to fear of persecution -- after the Trump administration claimed he was a member of the criminal gang MS-13, which he denies. After being released into the custody of his brother in Maryland pending trial, he was again detained by immigration authorities and is currently being held in a detention facility in Pennsylvania. Xinis, the judge in Abrego Garcia's immigration case, in August blocked the government from removing him from the United States until the habeas case challenging his removal was resolved in court.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/sharp-drop-oracle-wall-street-check-us-stocks-128303417
Article: stocks are rising, but a drop for Oracle is holding Wall Street back as investors question whether its big spending on artificial-intelligence technology will pay off A sharp drop for Oracle keeps Wall Street in check as most US stocks rise Gregg Maloney works on the floor at the New York Stock Exchange in New York, Wednesday, Dec. Oracle Chairman Larry Ellison said it will continue to buy chips from Nvidia, but it’s now taking a policy of “chip neutrality,” where it will use “whatever chips our customers want to buy. It climbed 2.1% after OpenAI announced a three-year agreement that will allow it to use more than 200 Disney, Marvel, Pixar and Star Wars characters to generate short, user-prompted social videos. Elsewhere on Wall Street, Oxford Industries tumbled 15.1% after the company behind Tommy Bahama and Lilly Pulitzer said its customers have been seeking out deals and are “highly value-driven.” CEO Tom Chubb said the start of the holiday shopping season has been weaker than the company expected, and it cut its forecast for revenue over the full year.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/11/carvana-shares-have-no-room-for-error-how-to-make-money-if-they-start-falling.html
Article: The recent news that the company would be added to the S & P 500 propelled the enterprise value to more than $100 billion, a number that not only vastly exceeds those of large auto dealers like Penske , Lithia , AutoNation , Group 1 and Carmax but also those of legacy automakers. If it were, it's unlikely it would be larger than Carmax, whose revenues over the past 12 months were actually 28% higher; it is, in effect, a vertically integrated lender and securitizer. Fitch , when rating a recent receivables trust, noted that a weighted average FICO score of 701, arguably better than one might expect, but more than 95% of the loans in the pool had terms exceeding 61 months, and terms of more than 72 months formed almost 48% of the pool. Get pre-qualified for an auto loan, even with bad credit, no credit or past bankruptcy." The ability to finance buyers who might otherwise struggle to find financing helps margins in two ways. If you are fortunate enough to own Carvana shares, you likely have significant capital gains which, depending on how and where the shares are held, might incur a tax liability if they are sold. For a stock that has risen as much as Carvana has, capping one's gains at ~11% over the next 6 weeks might not seem compelling, but a lot of good news is priced into this one already, and as good as this party has been, sometimes it's best not to be the last one to leave. All opinions expressed by the CNBC Pro contributors are solely their opinions and do not reflect the opinions of CNBC, NBC UNIVERSAL, their parent company or affiliates, and may have been previously disseminated by them on television, radio, internet or another medium.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/video/fault-lines/2025/12/11/target-tehran?traffic_source=rss
Article: We meet grieving families who lost loved ones, from 12-year-old Amir Ali and his father, to two-month-old Rayan and his parents — and follow the painful recovery of four-year-old Kian, who survived with life-altering burns.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/11/venezuelas-machado-taunts-maduro-government-after-dramatic-exit-to-oslo?traffic_source=rss
Article: Venezuelan opposition leader and Nobel Peace laureate Maria Corina Machado has declared that authorities in her home country would have attempted everything possible to prevent her journey to Norway, after she emerged publicly for the first time in nearly a year. During a news conference at Norway’s parliament, the 58-year-old right-wing opposition figure delivered sharp criticism of President Nicolas Maduro’s administration, asserting that the government deploys national resources to suppress its population. We need to cut those flows.” Advertisement The trip reunited her with family members she had not seen in almost two years, including her daughter, who accepted the Nobel Peace Prize on her behalf at Wednesday’s ceremony. The US has a long history of interference in the region, particularly in the 1980s, when it propped up repressive right-wing governments through coups, and funded paramilitary groups across Latin America that were responsible for mass killings, forced disappearances and other grave human rights abuses. Venezuelan authorities cited Machado’s support for sanctions and US intervention when they barred her from running for office in last year’s presidential election, where she had intended to challenge Maduro. Praising the Trump administration’s approach, Machado said the president’s actions had been “decisive to reach the point where we are right now, in which the regime is weaker than ever.” She insisted she would return home but did not say when. Machado has aligned herself with right-wing hawks close to Trump who argue that Maduro has links to criminal gangs that pose a direct threat to US national security, despite doubts raised by the US intelligence community. The Trump administration has ordered more than 20 military strikes in recent months against alleged drug-trafficking vessels in the Caribbean and off Latin America’s Pacific coast, killing more than 80 people. The Wall Street Journal (WSJ) reported that Machado’s two-month escape operation involved wearing a disguise and departing from a coastal fishing village on a wooden boat bound for Curacao before boarding a private aircraft to Norway.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/mlb/yankees-lose-6-year-veteran-bronx-native-to-rangers-11193967
Article: The New York Yankees didn't add any players to their major league roster during the winter meetings, but they were active during the minor-league phase of the Rule 5 Draft on Wednesday. Six-year major league veteran and Bronx native Andrew Velazquez was better-known by Yankees fans in 2021, when he appeared in games down the stretch for the major league club, but he played virtually the entire season for Triple-A Scranton/Wilkes-Barre this year. Outside of his brief major league stint with the Yankees, Velazquez has played for the Tampa Bay Rays, Cleveland Indians, Baltimore Orioles, and Los Angeles Angels in the big leagues. The Yankees and Rangers have also now flip-flopped Triple-A shortstops in a year's time, as 25-year-old Jonathan Ornelas signed a minor-league deal with the Yankees in November after Texas traded him for cash in May.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/ncaa/michigans-sherrone-moore-investigation-took-an-abrupt-turn-11195084
Article: More Football: NFL Reaches Punishment Decision After Patrick Mahomes Incident vs Colts “When they lost against USC, clock was ticking, this was already bubbling behind the scenes by then,” Pate said on his “Josh Pate’s College Football Show” YouTube channel. This is what myself and several other people had heard a month ago...Let me put it this way: Agents have expected the Michigan job to be coming open for several weeks now.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/alaska-hosts-us-bomber-exercise-against-threats-homeland-11194211
Article: Why It Matters Russia and China have closely cooperated in military matters under their "partnership without limits," including a joint naval maneuver in the north Pacific near Alaska's Aleutian Islands involving 11 Russian and Chinese vessels in summer 2023. What To Know According to a news release, the Alaskan Command executed simulated joint maritime strikes with Air Force B-52H bombers and the Coast Guard national security cutter USCGC Kimball in the Gulf of Alaska on Tuesday as part of Operation Tundra Merlin. During the operation, the bombers received target information from the Kimball for standoff target acquisition and simulated weapons use, while the F-35A jets—tasked with escorting the bombers—enhanced mission security and operational effectiveness. According to an Air Force fact sheet, each B-52H bomber has a maximum payload of 70,000 pounds and is capable of carrying up to 20 standoff weapons—designed to be fired from outside enemy defenses—such as the Joint Air-to-Surface Standoff Missile. Operation Tundra Merlin demonstrates the Joint Force's ability to seamlessly integrate capabilities from multiple combatant commands and mission partners to deter and defeat potential threats in the region." The Alaskan Command said: "Operation Tundra Merlin is a Homeland Defense focused joint operation designed to ensure the defense of U.S. The operation includes integration with partners in the region with the shared goal of North American defense in the Western Arctic." What Happens Next It remains to be seen whether Russia and China will conduct another joint air patrol near Alaska following a similar operation over the western Pacific earlier this week.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/costco-recall-update-nationwide-11194029
Article: What To Know According to a letter sent by American Nuts to Costco members on December 5, the affected product, which could be contaminated with Salmonella, is a 20-ounce package, item #1840464, with lot code 307HMNC25L3, which was sold at the Costco Hawaii Kai warehouse between November 29 and December 4, 2025. Customers are advised to check product packaging for the specified lot code, and if they have an affected package, not to eat the product and return it to Costco for a full refund. According to the Costco recall page , other recent recalls include: Belkin Auto-Tracking Stand Bundle (Item #1837532) Caesar Salad and Chicken Sandwich with Caesar Salad (Items #19927 and #11444) – Select Midwest, Northeast, and Southeast locations Kirkland Signature Prosecco Valdobbiadene (Item #1879870) – Midwest locations only Moonlight Yellow Peaches (Item #2475) Pack N Stroll Folding Wagon (Item #1872123) EcoFlow Delta Max 2000 Power Stations (Items #1745080 and #1600552) Oster French Door Countertop Ovens (Items #1234400 & #2234400) Segway Ninebot Electric Kickscooter (Item #1567456) Kirkland Signature Severe Cold & Flu (Item #1729556) – Select Midwest and Southeast locations Consumers are encouraged to consult the Costco Recalls Page for the most up-to-date information and check whether products they have purchased were affected. What People Are Saying In the letter to Costco members, American Nuts LLC said : “Costco records indicate that you, or one of your add-on members, have purchased item #1840464 Hawaiian Macadamia Nut Co. Baking Nuts 20oz between November 29, 2025 & December 4, 2025, at the Hawaii Kai warehouse…Do not consume any nuts that may be part of the recall, and return the product to your local Costco for a full refund.” What Happens Next For continued updates, consumers should monitor the official Costco recalls page and FDA announcements.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/dodgers-open-to-trading-136-million-star-after-world-series-win-report-11194333
Article: Considering the fact that there are a limited number of pitchers better than Glasnow, it seems like it would only make sense in a deal for Detroit Tigers ace Tarik Skubal.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/barron-trump-andrew-tate-associate-dating-advice-11194196
Article: Barron Trump received dating advice from an associate of Andrew Tate’s named Justin Waller, while Tate has become like a “big brother” to President Donald Trump's youngest son, a new report from The New York Times has alleged. Compared with his siblings, he has mostly stayed out of the public eye but was involved in his father’s successful 2024 presidential campaign from behind-the-scenes, and advised him about what podcasts to appear on. He said on social media that he would move back to America following Trump’s 2024 re-election, and told Newsweek at the time in response to a request for comment, “MAGA!” What To Know The Times report alleges that Andrew Tate has nurtured relationships with both Barron Trump and Donald Trump Jr. Andrew Tate described himself as being “very close” to the Trump family while talking to reporters in July of 2024, following the attempted assassination on Donald Trump while he was on the campaign trail. Kelly, meanwhile, has said of the brothers: “This actually is toxic masculinity.” What People Are Saying Andrew and Tristan Tate's attorneys previously said in a written statement: "Their sole focus is on ensuring due process is followed and proving their innocence in a court of law." Florida Governor Ron DeSantis, speaking about the Tate brothers being in the United States earlier this year: “We have no involvement in that…Florida is not a place where you're welcome with that type of conduct in the air. We were not involved, we were not notified, I found out through the media that this was something that was happening." What’s Next The Tate brothers await trial in Romania and the United Kingdom.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/hearts-melt-who-dog-visits-every-night-new-york-city-walk-11192514
Article: Goose, a one-year-old rescue pup living in New York City, has developed a nightly ritual: he insists on stopping by a nearby apartment building to greet Isabel, a front-desk worker who has become his favorite person in the neighborhood. “Seeing her reaction was so heart warming and just reminds me of how important community is.” The unexpected pair have melted hearts online where videos of their relationship have gained thousands of views and prompted comments from animal lovers.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/oregon-sets-whooping-cough-case-record-11192999
Article: Why It Matters Whooping cough, or pertussis, is a contagious respiratory illness, and while it may begin like a common cold, the coughing can last for weeks, or even months in some cases. Vaccinations are known to be the best way to protect against whooping cough, but there has been a notable decline in the number of children getting the Tdap vaccine nationwide. What To Know OHA has urged residents in the state to ensure that they are vaccinated and that their family is too, especially those who are pregnant or spend time with babies. Chiou said that one of the "most important things" someone can do to protect a newborn is to "get the Tdap vaccine during pregnancy." "Unfortunately, we've seen a statewide decline in maternal Tdap vaccination rates in Oregon, which is a dangerous trend," Chiou added. Vaccination rates among kindergartners has decreased nationally in recent years, not only in regard to the Tdap vaccine used to protect against tetanus, diphtheria and pertussis, but also other vaccines as well, meaning other illnesses have also been on the rise. Joshua Sharfstein, a public health professor at Johns Hopkins University, told Newsweek that when cases surge, "it's especially critical that pregnant individuals are vaccinated, so babies have antibodies from the time they are born." He also said that vaccination is also important for those who have extended contact with infants, and that parents should be "alert to potential exposures for their young infants." "Infant immunization is important, but the first dose is not given until 2 months of age and full protection takes past the first year to develop," he said. "That's why the key is for vaccination during pregnancy and vaccination of those around young infants." Oregon is also not the only state to have experienced a major uptick in cases this year. In 2024, whooping cough cases increased by six times compared to 2023, and cases in 2025 remained elevated, according to data gathered by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC). What People Are Saying Pejman Rohani, a professor in ecology and infectious diseases at the University of Georgia, told Newsweek: "Immunization data indicate a declining trend in coverage [though still around 90 percent] and a sharp increase in non-medical exemptions. Another important idea here is the possibility that the COVID pandemic led to a drastic reduction in pertussis transmission and generated a surplus of individuals who are unvaccinated and susceptible to pertussis, hence the subsequent outbreak is unusually large. When cases surge generally, the risk is that more infants will fall seriously ill—and that is what is happening in Oregon and elsewhere." John Glasser, a professor of health policy and management at Emory University, told Newsweek: "Vaccines are our most effective public health intervention. Thus, the resurgences of measles, which is very infectious, and pertussis, a bacterial disease, are not unexpected." What Happens Next With a nationwide decline in vaccination rates, it is likely vaccine-preventable illnesses will continue to surge.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/mlb/padres-predicted-to-cut-ties-with-55-million-star-pitcher-11194444
Article: And for several years running, the Padres' financial situation is creating questions about whether other stars will need to be traded away to trim a payroll that was inflated by long-term contracts handed out under the late Peter Seidler's watch as owner. On Thursday, Bob Nightengale of USA Today reported that the Padres were exploring any and all possibilities to make trades to improve starting pitching depth, and predicted that Nick Pivetta would be shipped out this winter, with three seasons left on the four-year, $55 million contract he signed last offseason. "Prediction: The Padres will surprise everyone by trading ace Nick Pivetta, who’s scheduled to earn $20.5 million, for starters now and in the future." Pivetta made only $4 million this past season on a contract that was structured to ease the burden on the Padres' payroll by essentially kicking the can down the road. Grabbing two younger, cheaper pitchers in exchange for three years of control of Pivetta would be a creative move, but it would also be one likely to exasperate a Padres fan base that still doesn't fully understand why the purse strings have been tightened so firmly.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/betting/draftkings-missouri-promo-code-claim-300-bonus-for-falcons-bucs-nfl-week-15-11194283
Article: With legal sports betting just starting up in the state of Missouri, DraftKings Sportsbook is pushing the chips to the middle and making their welcome offer super attractive for new users. When you set up your new account with this offer, you will just have to place a $5 bet on any market to instantly get your $300 in bonus bets. Users who sign up in any other states will be able to get $200 in bonuses, and that has the caveat that they will have to win their initial $5 bet. Trending Parlays For Falcons-Buccaneers TNF Game Another great way to activate your welcome offer would be to bet $5 on one of the pre-made parlays for Falcons-Buccaneers or any other game. Some of the trending markets are listed below: Bucky Irving, Bijan Robinson, Emeka Egbuka EACH score a touchdown (+1000) Bijan Robinson and Bucky Irving EACH 60+ rushing yards and a touchdown (+575) Baker Mayfield and Kirk Cousins EACH 210+ passing yards and 2+ passing touchdowns (+650) Falcons moneyline, Bijan Robinson 70+ rushing yards, Kirk Cousins 1+ passing touchdowns, Tyler Allgeier to score a touchdown (+900) DraftKings Missouri Promo Code: Sign Up For $300 Bonus Click here or on any of the other links on this page to get started with the sign-up process. Follow these steps to claim your reward: Enter basic personal information (Legal name, date of birth, mailing address, etc.) Make a deposit with a secure payment method (Credit card, debit card, online banking, etc.) Place your initial $5 bet to immediately get your $300 in bonus bets Use your $300 in bonuses before they expire from your account Gambling problem?

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/mlb/mets-predicted-to-add-80-million-reliever-as-part-of-offseason-haul-11194600
Article: "The Mets take a run at Bellinger, but wind up trading for Astros first baseman Christian Walker or signing free agent Kazuma Okamoto, while also signing starter Michael King and reliever Robert Suarez," Nightengale wrote for USA Today. King has reportedly been the top rotation target for the Mets this offseason and while he may not be what many believe is an ace, he can certainly be a workhorse for New York's rotation if he comes back fully healthy next season. Suarez was viewed by many as the second-best relief option in free agency behind Diaz, so it's expected that he won't receive as large of an average annual value as Diaz reportedly did with the Dodgers.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/betting/bet365-missouri-bonus-code-week365-claim-extended-365-bonus-for-nfl-week-15-11194702
Article: Bet boosts for Falcons-Buccaneers are great candidates, and betting on one of these options will help you get familiar with the bet365 app: Buccaneers moneyline, Baker Mayfield 225+ passing yards and 2+ passing touchdowns, Emeka Egbuka to score a touchdown (+370 boosted to +450) Sean Tucker and Tyler Allgeier EACH score a touchdown (+1250 boosted to +1400) Falcons moneyline, Bijan Robinson 100+ rushing yards, Kyle Pitts to score a touchdown (+1800 boosted to +2000) Bijan Robinson, Bucky Irving, Kyle Pitts, Mike Evans EACH score a touchdown (+2000 boosted to +2200) NFL Early Payout Promo The bet365 app always has several in-app offers, and one of the popular ones is the early payout for NFL games. Bet365 Missouri Bonus Code WEEK365: Sign Up For $365 Offer Click here or on any of the other links on this page and go through these steps to secure this offer from bet365: Input the bonus code WEEK365 alongside personal information (Name, birth date, address, etc.) Make a deposit with a compatible payment option (Credit card, debit card, online banking, etc.) Place your $10 bet on any market to get your $365 in bonus bets credited to your account Utilize your bonuses within one week before they expire from your account Newsweek may earn an affiliate commission if you sign up through the links in this article.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/mlb/yankees-lose-24-year-old-pitcher-to-cubs-11193901
Article: He has not had much success since signing with the Yankees, but the Cubs saw something that led them to select him in the first round of the Triple-A phase of the Rule 5 Draft.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/mets-predicted-to-trade-75-million-ace-to-astros-after-losing-pete-alonso-11194732
Article: They’ve resurrected several careers in their run of dominance — Senga makes a ton of sense." This idea would make a lot of sense for the Astros as their ace, Framber Valdez, sits in free agency right now.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/mlb/yankees-get-stressful-free-agency-update-amid-cody-bellinger-pursuit-11194746
Article: The former National League Most Valuable Player looked completely rejunvenated in the Bronx, and his ability to play all three outfield positions gave New York flexibility it sorely needed throughout the year. And worse still for the Yankees, as much as they might like to get Bellinger signed as quickly as possible, it appears the waiting game will continue a while longer. On Wednesday, Brendan Kuty of The Athletic reported that there seemed to be a good chance that Bellinger would not sign a new contract until after fellow outfielder and Scott Boras client Kyle Tucker found his new deal. "A league source who has been briefed on talks with Bellinger’s agent, Scott Boras, said it seemed likely Boras could wait for Kyle Tucker to sign before completing a deal for Bellinger, who also seems to have plenty of suitors," wrote Kuty. "The Yankees have problems that signing Bellinger alone wouldn’t solve, and they have the ability to get things done even if a Bellinger deal would almost definitely be their biggest offseason expenditure." New York has a lot of issues to solve with the bullpen, and could use another starter as well.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/snap-benefits-payment-retailers-minnesota-fraud-trump-update-11194876
Article: Agriculture Secretary Brooke Rollins said Minnesota retailers identified by her department as "high risk" in compliance investigations will have to "reauthorize" so they can continue to accept SNAP benefits as payment for groceries. Earlier in December, Walz told NBC's "Meet the Press" that "it's not just Somalis" who have committed fraud in his state, and that those who were caught are heading to jail. But to demonize an entire community on the actions of a few, it's lazy." Federal prosecutors have already brought dozens of criminal cases tied to these schemes in Minnesota, accusing defendants of creating shell companies, inflating service claims and exploiting vulnerable Minnesotans to siphon off public money. At the start of December, Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent said his department had also opened an investigation into allegations that Minnesota tax dollars were diverted to the terrorist group al-Shabab during the Biden administration and under Walz.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/invasive-new-pest-is-invading-texas-11193485
Article: Why It Matters An outbreak of the pasture mealybug (Heliococcus summervillei), previously undocumented in North America, is "already causing significant damage to pasture acreage", Texas Commissioner of Agriculture Sid Miller has warned . While adult females can live for up to 100 days, most damage is inflicted by the youngest nymphs, which feed on plant sap and inject toxic saliva that causes grass to yellow, weaken, and die. What People Are Saying Miller said: "If the pasture mealybug spreads across Texas grazing lands like it has in eastern Australia, it could cost Texas agriculture dearly in lost productivity and reduced livestock capacity. TDA is working hand-in-hand with federal and university partners to respond swiftly and protect our producers from this unprecedented threat." What Happens Next Experts urge ranchers to report suspected infestations and to clean equipment before moving between pastures to limit the bug's spread.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/ncaa/notre-dame-schedule-threat-playoff-11194613
Article: ND athletic director Pete Bevacqua revealed on Sunday that the Irish are guaranteed a spot in the CFP next season if it's ranked in the top 12, via a memorandum of understanding signed last spring. More News: CFP Committee Explains Controversial Notre Dame-Alabama Decision Per Dan Wolken of Yahoo Sports, programs are threatening to "freeze" Notre Dame out of a future schedule after learning about the special agreement. Athletic directors in other leagues, who learned from Yahoo Sports' Ross Dellenger on Sunday about the memorandum of understanding that grants Notre Dame preferential playoff access, are threatening to freeze them out of future schedules. For all its issues, Notre Dame fills stadiums and drives TV ratings.)" If Power 4 programs stopped scheduling Notre Dame, the school would be forced to join a conference, because its chances of making the CFP by playing a non-Power 4 schedule wouldn't be high. Bevacqua noted during his news conference on Tuesday that when ND plays at other ACC stadiums, 90 percent of those games are sold out compared to just 23 percent of the time for other conference football games.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/woman-goes-bathroom-middle-night-no-one-prepared-what-sees-11191835
Article: She told Newsweek that, over the summer, "I awoke about 3 a.m., stumbled to the bathroom, lifted the toilet lid—and there was a flying squirrel swimming in my toilet bowl." Ina photo shared to Reddit's r/Weird via her account u/rhettnfriends, DeShawn Robinson showed the tiny creature in the toilet, soaked to the skin, its reddish tail flattened and sticking to the bowl. Flying squirrels may also take up residence in the attics of homes on occasion, with homeowners recognizing them by sound, according to Arkansas Game and Fish Commission, though they are not known to be destructive. In DeShawn Robinson's case, she had no idea what to think when she spotted the critter in the toilet bowl, admitting to Newsweek she was "in shock," and woke her husband to help. "His first response at hearing of the situation was to tell me to flush it," she said, adding: "He was joking, of course!" Together, the couple caught the flying squirrel using oven mitts, then dried it off and "released him safely outside." "He was exhausted, but I don't think that he was harmed. I was grateful," DeShawn Robinson said, and added: "I am an animal lover and I was grateful that night for my overactive bladder!" DeShawn Robinson's post had a huge reaction, gaining more than 12,000 upvotes since being uploaded on December 5, as one reader wrote that the critter "must have been terrified. Thank you OP [original poster], for being kind and compassionate." "That being a flying squirrel makes this moment x1000 more adorable," another said, while a third posted: "I know it's unethical and whatnot but so help me God if I wouldn't dry off my new pet." And as one comment summed it up: "Poor little cutie! DeShawn Robinson said that she is now grateful whenever she goes to the restroom "and there are no flying squirrels taking a swim." She added that she and Michael believe the squirrel "gained access to the toilet through a ventilation pipe, which was later covered with a screen." Wildlife expert Peter Gros, of Mutual of Omaha's Wild Kingdom Protecting The Wild, told Newsweek that flying squirrels are "remarkably agile animals, and can find their way into homes through small gaps along the roofline and into attics." They are known to "explore wall spaces and crawlways, which could lead to them ending up in places we wouldn’t expect, like a bathroom," he said. "In a case like this, it’s most likely that the squirrel was already inside the home and simply slipped or fell into the toilet during its nighttime wandering," Gros added. "Flying squirrels are not swimmers by nature, and they certainly don’t venture into water or sewer systems on purpose!" Do you have funny and adorable videos or pictures you want to share?

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/ncaa/texas-tech-announces-big-news-on-jacob-rodriguez-following-heisman-snub-11194248
Article: The Texas Tech Red Raiders have had an exceptional season, defeating BYU last Saturday to win the Big 12 championship and clinch the first College Football Playoff berth in program history. More news: Archie Manning Has Strong Reaction to Lane Kiffin Leaving Ole Miss for LSU Nonetheless, on Wednesday night, Texas Tech announced that Rodriguez has officially been named the recipient of the Lombardi Award, presented annually to the nation’s top lineman or linebacker who exemplifies the discipline, character, and performance of legendary coach Vince Lombardi. Across 13 games in his fourth season with the Red Raiders—after transferring from Virginia following his freshman year—Rodriguez recorded 117 tackles, 11 tackles for loss, four interceptions, one sack, six pass deflections, and seven forced fumbles.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/nation-world/jeff-garcia-dies-jimmy-neutron-voice-actor-sheen/507-5b704158-c4e4-4f45-a3de-d856ed77bd50
Article: He taught me so much and gave me advice that I live by every single day." "He was a Father, Son, Uncle, Cousin, Brother, but most of all, he was my best friend. From voice acting to stand up comedy, he shined with his quick wit, brash humor, and charm." The comedian was most known for his role as Sheen Estevez in Nickelodeon's "Jimmy Neutron" franchise, playing one of Jimmy Neutron's best friends. We’re gonna miss you Sheen." Following the success of "Jimmy Neutron: Boy Genius" in 2001, Garcia went on to voice Sheen for 59 episodes of the TV series "The Adventures of Jimmy Neutron: Boy Genius."

Link: https://abc7.com/videoClip/transit-railroad-subway-hardwork/18254970/
Article: Rapid Transit Track Inspectors keep everyone riding the rails safe A day in the life of a typical first class track inspector on one of the nation's largest transit systems is always busy. Philadelphia, Pennsylvnia -- Follow First Class Track Inspector Anthony Stumpo on a typical day underground: inspecting, repairing and keeping everyone riding SEPTA's rapid transit line safe and where they need to go.

Link: https://abc13.com/post/city-rosenberg-approves-hotel-tax-new-edition-epicenter-includes-free-parking-employees-abc13-finds/18273358/
Article: Rosenberg approves Epicenter hotel tax deal that includes free tickets, parking for city employees Questions arise regarding a hotel deal that will tack on $240 million to create in Fort Bend County Questions arise regarding a hotel deal that will tack on $240 million to create in Fort Bend County Questions arise regarding a hotel deal that will tack on $240 million to create in Fort Bend County Questions arise regarding a hotel deal that will tack on $240 million to create in Fort Bend County ROSENBERG, Texas (KTRK) -- The mayor of Rosenberg is defending the decision to approve an Epicenter hotel tax deal that includes thousands of dollars worth of tickets and parking for city employees. EPICENTER HOTEL AGREEMENT GOES BEYOND TAX DOLLARS For more than a year, Rosenberg Mayor William Benton said the county has been talking with the city about an agreement to expand the Epicenter, just two years after it opened, by adding a hotel and convention center. However, if the tickets go to the staff and the staff wishes to give them to the council, that's their decision." THE TICKET DEAL COULD BE WORTH THOUSANDS EVERY YEAR Here's the breakdown of the ticket agreement the city received. DESPITE NO EPICENTER HOTEL TAX MONEY, THE MAYOR BELIEVES THE CITY WILL SEE A BOOST The agreement approved by the Rosenberg council will prevent the city from collecting hotel tax at the Epicenter facility for 30 years.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cgjnd9y52pno?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Ukraine hands US revised peace plan proposal, Germany says In recent weeks European leaders have worked closely with Ukraine to come up with a new iteration of a peace plan that addresses Kyiv's interests and concerns. But Merz highlighted the territorial issue was "a question that must be answered primarily by the Ukrainian president, and the Ukrainian people." German Chancellor Friedrich Merz said the latest peace plan draft for Ukraine has been presented to US President Donald Trump - including a proposal on territorial concessions Kyiv may be prepared to make. "It would be a mistake to force the Ukrainian president into a peace that his people will not accept after four years of suffering and death," Merz said in a joint news conference with Nato chief Mark Rutte. He added that in Wednesday's "constructive" phone call with Trump, he, France's Emmanuel Macron and UK Prime Minister Sir Keir Starmer had "made it clear" that Europeans needed to have their interests heard too. Ukraine's President Volodymyr Zelensky has long signalled he would be prepared to talk to Trump directly to discuss the sticking points of a deal, but the US president has suggested all issues had to be ironed out before such a meeting could take place. Russia demands that Ukraine withdraws entirely from the parts of the eastern Luhansk and Donetsk regions which it still holds - something Kyiv refuses to do, both on principle and because it fears it would allow Moscow a foothold for future invasions. "And we don't have any moral right either." Zelensky is set to hold more talks with his allies today as he co-chairs a coalition of the willing call alongside Merz, Macron and Starmer. As high-level, frantic diplomatic activity of the last few weeks has taken place among US, European and Ukrainian officials, with frequent statements from all sides, Moscow has remained remarkably tight-lipped. On Thursday Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov praised Trump for trying to broker a deal and said the recent meeting between Vladimir Putin and US envoy Steve Witkoff at the Kremlin had "eliminated" the "misunderstandings" which had arisen since last summer's Trump-Putin summit in Alaska.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/football/articles/c80x38e04yro?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: FSE has demanded that ticket sales should be halted immediately, adding that tickets not being available in the cheapest category is "a monumental betrayal of the tradition of the World Cup, ignoring the contribution of supporters to the spectacle it is".

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/articles/cx2e0qgy0j1o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: So much has happened over the past seven days, including Arne Slot dropping Mohamed Salah from his Liverpool squad, Lando Norris winning the Formula 1 drivers' world championship title and Chelsea's unbeaten Women's Super League run coming to an end.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Entertainment/wireStory/star-wars-indiana-jones-rarities-lawrence-kasdans-university-128313363
Article: Documents that detail Lawrence Kasdan’s career have been donated to the University of Michigan, the writer and director’s alma mater FILE - Co-screenwriter Lawrence Kasdan poses during a promotional photo shoot for, "Star Wars: The Force Awakens," in Los Angeles on Dec. Archivists are about a quarter of the way through cataloging the 150-plus boxes of material that document the 76-year-old filmmaker’s role in bringing to life iconic characters like Indiana Jones and Yoda, and directing actors ranging from Geena Davis and Glenn Close to Morgan Freeman and Kevin Costner. “I couldn’t be happier to have this mass of stuff available to anybody who is interested.” The archive includes scripts, call sheets and still photos — including a few rarities. Library staff members are working chronologically through Kasdan’s material, meaning the papers for Kasdan’s earliest work — including “Body Heat” and “The Big Chill,” as well as the scripts for two “Star Wars” classics, “The Empire Strikes Back” and “Return of the Jedi” — can be accessed first.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/11/cnbc-sport-utah-breaks-the-private-equity-seal-with-historic-500-million-investment.html
Article: A version of this article first appeared in the CNBC Sport newsletter with Alex Sherman, which brings you the biggest news and exclusive interviews from the worlds of sports business and media. The new business will partner with Otro Capital, a private equity firm "with deep operational experience in sports, entertainment and media, to help support and strengthen this new venture and its long-term growth potential," Randall and Harlan wrote. Yahoo Sports reported "the new venture is expected to generate as much or more than $500 million in capital." Utah may have designed a template for other schools to bring in private capital to help fund their athletic programs, which are now financially taxed by having to pay students who play certain sports. NCAA President Charlie Baker said this week at Sports Business Journal 's Intercollegiate Athletics Forum that the formation of Utah Brands & Entertainment is "really well thought out and really well designed," praising the concept for keeping decision making in-house to the Utah athletic department. The hurdle is always at the end day, nobody wants to be first." Utah decided to take the leap because the financial burden of paying athletes simply looked too steep. "The decision to share revenues with student-athletes under the House Settlement and the emergence of the transfer portal have disrupted the status quo and introduced significant costs to the university," Randall and Harlan wrote. "The cost of supporting a nationally competitive athletics program has risen dramatically and far outpaces revenue growth." Now we wait to see if this opens the floodgates on private equity investment. Even at Netflix's $27.75 per share for the studio and streaming assets ($82.7 billion enterprise value), it's already one of the largest premiums ever on a media deal of significance – perhaps the largest. If you listened to what Netflix co-CEO Ted Sarandos said at the UBS Media and Global Communications Conference this week, it sure sounds like he doesn't want to lose his grasp on the assets. One top media executive told me this week he thinks Netflix would be embarrassed if it loses to Ellison, given Paramount's diminutive stature in the entertainment world compared to Netflix. But this executive said now that an actual deal has been announced, losing WBD would seem like "getting schooled in M & A." Still, the win-win-win scenario I laid out is the one situation where all companies involved could make a case to their shareholders that they're better off. RG3, as he was dubbed by a broadcaster he can't remember during the first game of his freshman year of college at Baylor, told me (with a smile) he wants to be named college football commissioner – a position that doesn't exist. That would be a fun job, to try to figure out the best way to serve both the coaches, the players, the student athletes and the universities in a better way," Griffin said. "When you punish a team that's in the Big 12 that's playing in a powerful conference, in BYU, and you don't punish Alabama who's in the SEC, it looks like SEC bias. "We have to judge these teams based off their resumes and what they do on the field, not the money that they can bring in via TV viewership." He also has a surprising pick to win the CFP National Championship this year. CNBC President KC Sullivan said at a Versant investor day last week that there's opportunity to harness the power of prediction data to inform reporting and drive insights for the CNBC audience. *** FanDuel struck a partnership of its own with Zoo55, part of ITV Studios, in an effort to capture the growing reality TV audience for "Love Island." Fans of the show are certainly committed and engaged, and FanDuel is trying to coax some of them onto its platform. Sweeps are available in many states where online gambling has not been legalized, and they often draw players who are younger than the minimum age requirement of 21 in most states. CNBC Sport highlight reel The best of CNBC Sport from the past week: I mentioned Marc Lasry earlier — well, his son, Alex, is CEO of FIFA World Cup 26 New York/New Jersey. CNBC's Steve Sedgwick sat down with Hugh Brashner , the CEO of London Marathon Events, about how his experience playing sports led him to a career in developing races for runners. "I really, passionately believe that children have the right to be active." The big number: 24-1 As in, the Oklahoma City Thunder have started the NBA season with 24 wins and 1 loss. But OKC may be so good — armed with three more first-round draft picks next year — that the small market Thunder could actually become a dynasty of its own. Quote of the Week "Pete's behavior has been egregious….I think he is totally out of bounds in his approach, and if he was in the room, I'd tell him the same thing." –The always outspoken Brett Yormark , Big 12 commissioner, defending his peer, ACC Commissioner Jim Phillips , from Notre Dame Athletic Director Pete Bevacqua . "What we were really surprised by and disappointed by was how the ACC conference really went on a social media campaign (that) in my opinion (was) attacking our football program," said Bevacqua, according to ESPN's Pete Thamel. Around the league Versant, the soon-to-be parent company of CNBC, showcased its sports offerings, including PGA golf, Premiere League, WWE and the Olympics at its investor day last week . Now, another company of cable networks is getting into live sports: AMC Networks and TNA Wrestling reached a multiyear deal to bring TNA's weekly TV show "Thursday Night iMPACT!" to AMC, beginning Jan. I'd also be remiss not to mention AMC's upcoming four-part sports docuseries "Rise of the 49ers," highlighting the team's success in the 1980s and early 90s, which will air Feb. NFL teams voted Wednesday to authorize 32 Equity, the league's collective investment vehicle, to enter into an agreement with a partner to operate a professional flag football league with an investment up to $32 million. The NFL notes that "flag football is now offered at a high school level in 38 states, and the sport continues to grow at a rapid pace at the collegiate level, with hundreds of colleges and universities across the country offering flag football programming." YouTube TV is the latest pay-TV distributor to launch genre-specific bundles of linear networks, allowing consumers to buy smaller packages of channels for less money.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/11/disney-open-ai-iger-altman.html
Article: The Walt Disney Company's $1 billion equity investment in OpenAI will serve as "a way in" to artificial intelligence, which will have a significant long-term impact on Disney's business, Disney CEO Bob Iger told CNBC's "Squawk on the Street" on Thursday. "We think this is a good investment for the company." Disney announced its investment in OpenAI as part of an agreement on Thursday that will allow users to make AI videos with its copyrighted characters on the startup's app called Sora.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/11/bulgarian-government-resigns-after-mass-protests?traffic_source=rss
Article: “Power stems from the voice of the people.” Mass protests Thousands of Bulgarians rallied on Wednesday evening in Sofia and dozens of other towns and cities across the Black Sea nation, the latest in a series of rolling demonstrations that have underlined public frustration with corruption and the failure of successive governments to root it out. Despite the government’s retreat over the budget plan, the protests have continued unabated in a country that has held seven national elections in the past four years – most recently in October 2024 – amid deep political and social divisions.

Link: https://www.today.com/video/why-ai-toys-for-kids-are-raising-safety-concerns-254221381596
Article: Copied Toys with built-in artificial intelligence can have a conversation, answer questions and even give advice — and they're already widely available and marketed towards children as young as 3 years old.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nfl/jason-kelce-predicts-eagles-future-after-third-straight-loss-11194783
Article: Their most recent loss came in overtime against the Los Angeles Chargers, following a late red-zone interception by Jalen Hurts, who threw four picks in what was easily his worst game of the season. Despite the concerns surrounding the team, Eagles legend and current ESPN "Monday Night Countdown" analyst Jason Kelce predicts the team will finish strong and enter the playoffs playing solid football. If they can develop into a team that controls the ball, controls the line of scrimmage—which I think they are going to—and if they can limit turnovers… I think they're for sure going to win three of these last four games, and they will be a really good team in the playoffs. Moving forward, I feel optimistic that the offense will be better… this is just a weird year in the NFL." More news: Vikings’ Future With JJ McCarthy Takes Turn Amid New Speculation ... More news: NFL Quarterback Rejected Colts Offer Before Philip Rivers News The Eagles finish their season with a somewhat favorable schedule that could allow them to end on a high note heading into the postseason. They host the 2-11 Las Vegas Raiders this week, face a depleted Washington Commanders team twice in Week 16 and Week 18, and have a tough road matchup in Week 17 against the Buffalo Bills.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/trumps-gold-card-visa-application-form-launches-heres-what-it-asks-11194355
Article: Form I‑140G, the Immigrant Petition for the Gold Card Program, can be submitted through the new Trumpcard.gov website, which features an "Apply Now" option and allows prospective applicants to pay the required $15,000 fee to the Department of Homeland Security for expedited processing. "The gold card announcement further signals and reinforces the concept that the Administration intends to reshape the immigration system," Morgan Bailey, a partner at Mayer Brown and former senior official at DHS, told Newsweek. Why It Matters The Gold Card visa program, a key focus of the Trump administration, combines high financial requirements with expedited immigration benefits to attract skilled workers and substantial foreign investment. Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS) form, applicants are immediately required to choose a classification, and the only options available are EB-1A, for individuals with extraordinary ability, or EB-2 National Interest Waiver, for those seeking a waiver based on exceptional ability and national benefit. "Taken at face value, the implication is that a Gold Card Applicant would still need to fully meet the traditional EB-1A or NIW criteria," Immigration attorney Zoe Ji Wilson wrote in a blog post. Applicants must also disclose net worth and provide evidence of funds sufficient to cover the mandatory contribution, $1 million for individuals or $2 million for corporate-sponsored applicants, along with fees and supporting documentation. "Are you, any of the entities you have legal ownership in, or the sources of your Gold Card funds engaged in, ever been engaged in, or sought to engage in any activity related to money laundering," the form reads. "The government is providing a more structured set of criteria that gives high-value applicants a clearer playbook for the gold card—but there remain a number of questions, including how applicants will be evaluated, how it fits into the existing system, and whether legislative or legal developments will change the rules," Bailey told Newsweek. Live Site opens in 30 minutes!" Mark Penney, Director at SunCap Visa, wrote in a post on LinkedIn: "This just looks like a rich man playing thing, or worse an opportunity for undesirables to enter the U.S permanently." Commerce Secretary Howard Lutnick wrote in a post on X: "What a monumental day. @POTUS launched the Gold Card, and our immigration system will finally benefit the American people." Immigration attorney Zoe Ji Wilson wrote in a blog post: "I hoped that the USCIS website and the form would clear up at least some of gaps left by the initial Executive Order, but instead the structure only repeats and raises many of the same uncertainties and is no easier to fit into any logical immigration framework." "The structure of the Gold Card, as it currently appears, suggests that the framework may not have undergone the practical vetting that usually ensures alignment with real world adjudication. It is difficult to understand why these gaps were not addressed before the form became public." "Unless USCIS releases additional guidance that clarifies a concrete advantage, the Gold Card appears to function as an alternative pathway in name only. For now, the Gold Card leaves us with more questions than answers, and only time will tell whether future guidance brings clarity to a framework that currently lacks a clear rationale." What Happens Next Prospective applicants can now sign up to begin the Gold Card application process, while the Platinum Card program is expected to be introduced later.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/jd-vances-chances-in-2028-as-latino-voters-sour-on-trump-11194677
Article: Pew found that 63 percent of Latinos rate their personal finances as “fair” or “poor.” Nearly half say they’ve struggled to afford basic necessities such as food, housing or health care. Even If Latino Support Slips, Vance May Not Feel It The potential erosion of Latino support poses a clear threat to Vance’s national standing, but the electoral math in key Republican strongholds may cushion the blow. Hypothetically, if Republicans were to lose 10 percentage points among Latino voters in 2028, the impact on the overall margin would be just over two points—shrinking the GOP lead but still leaving the party with an 11-point advantage. A 10-point Latino swing away from Republicans would reduce the margin by two points, but even in that scenario the GOP would still win the state by more than 11 points. “We Hispanics, we can look up to him and say, ‘Well if he did it, we can too.’” Texas Representative Monica De La Cruz said younger Latinos in particular connected with Vance’s narrative. “They connect with Trump and people like Vance.” Real Frustration Among Latinos While Latino discontent may not change outcomes in reliably Republican states like Florida and Texas, where the Trump-Vance ticket won decisively in 2024, recent elections suggest warning signs for the party. If Republicans want to keep the White House in 2028, they may need to reconsider their electoral strategy, especially in states where Latino turnout is growing and margins are slimmer. Vance is now tasked with the job of threading the needle; forcefully supporting and defending the administration's policies in the media while not antagonizing swing voters away from the GOP column in three years. When the next GOP candidate says nothing while ICE raids increase and Latinos see no economic relief, that silence has a cost.” Gamarra added that many voters who backed Trump in 2024—and by extension, Vance—now feel disillusioned.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/betting/sleeper-promo-code-newsweekxl-claim-120-bonus-for-falcons-bucs-nba-picks-11194913
Article: New users looking to get in on the action for the upcoming Falcons vs Buccaneers clash can take advantage of an exclusive welcome bonus with the Sleeper promo code NEWSWEEKXL. This offer provides a fantastic opportunity for new players to build their bankroll ahead of this key NFC showdown, allowing them to make picks on player props for stars like Bijan Robinson and Baker Mayfield. Sleeper Promo Code For NFL The Sleeper promo code NEWSWEEKXL unlocks a two-part bonus for new users, giving you extra funds to make your picks on the Falcons vs Buccaneers matchup. Follow these steps to claim your $120 bonus ahead of the Falcons vs Buccaneers game: Register a New Account: Create your Sleeper account by providing the necessary personal information to get started.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/betting/caesars-sportsbook-promo-code-newswk20x-double-winnings-for-falcons-bucs-tnf-11194769
Article: Create an account with the Caesars Sportsbook promo code NEWSWK20X to redeem 20 100% profit boosts for use across NFL Week 15 games, NBA action, Army-Navy and more this weekend. Caesars Sportsbook Missouri Bonus Code NEWSWKMO Claims $150 Bonus Offer All it takes is a winning wager on something with odds -500 or longer, and a $1 first bet to trigger the offer, which means you can get started at Caesars without a substantial first play or deposit. As mentioned above, one option for this promotion is to go simple with the relatively heavy favorite on MNF tonight with the Bucs moneyline at -235 odds, but that is not the only option. There are also heavy favorite on the NBA slate tonight as well, such as the Nuggets ML at -480 odds against the Kings, Rockets ML at -430 odds against the Clippers and the Celtics ML at -420 odds against the Bucks. While these odds would normally not be recommended, it makes sense in this case as a $150 bonus is attached to the win, if it does settle as a win. Here are some examples for TNF tonight: Bijan Robinson & Bucky Irving 60+ Rushing Yards Each (+175) Emeka Egbuka 60+ Receiving Yards Each (+350) Mike Evans 5+ Receptions (+475) Register With Caesars Sportsbook Promo Code NEWSWK20X Set up your account by heading to the sportsbook and completing these steps: Enter the code NEWSWK20X Provide identifying information (Name, age, address, email, etc.) Make a deposit with a secure payment method (Credit/debit card, online banking, etc.) Place your $1 bet to receive the 20 100% boosts Additional parameters with this offer are provided below: Must be 21+ and physically present in qualifying states.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/california-green-card-applicant-detained-by-ice-at-appointment-11194931
Article: Tricia McLaughlin, a spokesperson for the Department of Homeland Security, told Newsweek: “On September 26, ICE arrested Xiomara Suarez-Marin, an illegal alien from Peru who entered the country via the southwest border in November 2022 and was released into the U.S. To be clear, a pending USCIS application does not grant aliens permission to remain illegally in the U.S." Amid reports of migrants with pending green-card applications being taken into custody during routine immigration appointments, the Trump administration has moved to expand enforcement and ramp up removals under a hardline mass-deportation strategy.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/americans-searching-bankruptcy-lawyer-all-time-high-11194857
Article: Google searches for “bankruptcy lawyer” in the United States have hit an all-time high over the past few months, as polling shows that Americans are facing a growing probability of not being able to make minimum debt payments. What To Know A Survey of Consumer Expectations by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York’s Center for Microeconomic Data found that the average probability of not being able to make minimum debt payments has risen over the past two months. adults, 68 percent, continue to say the country’s economy is “poor.” The figure remains unchanged from the last time the question was asked in October, and it is broadly in line with views during former President Joe Biden’s last year in office. The poll surveyed 1,146 adults and was conducted from December 4 to 8 using a sample drawn from NORC’s probability-based AmeriSpeak Panel, which is designed to be representative of the U.S. It’s amazing what we’ve done.” Economist Claudia Sahm previously told Newsweek: "To get top marks, the economy would need to be firing on all cylinders for the vast majority of Americans.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/red-sox-predicted-to-trade-for-116-million-star-after-pete-alonso-whiff-11194974
Article: The Boston Red Sox were seemingly targeting Pete Alonso and Kyle Schwarber to fill out their lineup this offseason, but they missed out on both sluggers at the winter meetings. Prediction: Marte is traded to the Boston Red Sox, but the Detroit Tigers and, yes, the Cincinnati Reds are possibilities." Marte is one of the best infielders in all of baseball right now.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nfl/minnesota-vikings-future-jj-mccarty-takes-turn-speculation-11195132
Article: “Another [theory] is that it would make sense for him to go back to Minnesota, where he finished last season as Sam Darnold’s backup, and rehab there with a staff that knows him and wanted to retain him but couldn’t guarantee him the starting job this past offseason,” Graziano wrote. Before the injury, he completed 68 percent of his passes for 3,101 yards, 19 touchdowns, and eight interceptions in 13 games, while also running for 164 yards and five more touchdowns. McCarthy could still end up winning the starting job in 2026, but if things went south like they did last season Jones could step in and give the Vikings a chance to win.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/local/tarrant-county/arlington-deadly-shooting-pregnant-woman-arrest/287-01745b2c-0860-451c-be89-5818e39a9127
Article: ARLINGTON, Texas — A 29-year-old man has been arrested in connection with a deadly shooting along I-20 in Arlington in November that left a pregnant 29-year-old woman dead, officials say. Police got warrants for the suspect, identified as Malik Miner, 29, for capital murder, three counts of aggravated assault with a deadly weapon and one count of deadly conduct, police say. After they pulled into a parking lot in the 4900 block of Little Road to meet first responders, Johnson was found unresponsive in the passenger's seat with a gunshot wound, officials say. Detectives determined the shooting was targeted and found Miner had previously been in a romantic relationship with Johnson and had been feuding with the 28-year-old man, Johnson's current boyfriend, officials say. Detectives got a search warrant on Miners home, seized his cell phone, among other items and a review of his phone revealed he'd had previous communication with the 28-year-old man, police say.

Link: https://abc13.com/post/galveston-county-sheriff-officially-disciplined-texas-commission-law-enforcement-no-impact-job-legal-team-says/18273269/
Article: Galveston County sheriff officially disciplined with no impact to job, his legal team says The Galveston County sheriff has been disciplined by the Texas Commission on Law Enforcement with no impact on his job, according to his legal team. GALVESTON COUNTY, Texas (KTRK) -- The Galveston County sheriff has been officially disciplined by the Texas Commission on Law Enforcement, but according to the terms of an agreement he made, his job won't be affected. SEE RELATED: Galveston County's new sheriff tackles mass exodus, mental health, and 'Jeep Weekend' "It's going to be a whole new era in law enforcement," Galveston County Sherriff Jimmy Fullen told the crowd after he was sworn in. When Fullen was sworn in, he told ABC13, "I did disclose my previous arrests, and it was on my criminal history that I submitted." Fullen appealed the decision to revoke his license and sued the state commission. On Wednesday, the commission announced a settlement and unanimously agreed to suspend the sheriff's peace officer's license for six months, but backdate the suspension to 2024, before Fullen even took office. That is using the system, whether it be an administrative system or legal system or other systems, to do things you could not do at the ballot box," Fullen's attorney, Tony Buzbee, said.

Link: https://abc11.com/post/nascar-settles-federal-antitrust-case-filed-2-teams-owned-michael-jordan/18275608/
Article: Jeffrey Kessler, attorney for 23XI Racing and Front Row Motorsports, emerged from a conference room at the end of the hour to inform a court clerk "we're ready." Kessler then led Jordan and 23XI co-owner Denny Hamlin, as well as Front Row owner Bob Jenkins, out of the courtroom to another room for more talks. The theme of family ties in motorsports has been woven through Michael Jordan's federal antitrust lawsuit against NASCAR, with witness after witness testifying to their emotional connections to the top motorsports series in the United States. It began on the opening day when three-time Daytona 500 winner Denny Hamlin broke down in tears talking about his dying father introducing him to racing and financially leveraging the entire family to help his son make it to NASCAR. Bob Jenkins formed Front Row Motorsports after falling in love with NASCAR as a teenager in East Tennessee and he's hoped to hand the team down to his four sons. Joe Gibbs Racing is a family business, the daughter-in-law of the Hall of Fame NFL coach testified, and Richard Childress said his 60-year-old team is meant to go to his grandsons, both current Cup Series drivers. It was core principles that Bill France passed down to his two sons that shaped the hardline stance Jim France took with teams as NASCAR chairman in negotiations for the 2025 revenue-sharing agreement. advised them "do what you say you're going to do." "I've just seen so much change over the years and things are changing at a fast pace and I don't know how to put something in place - I don't know how we could come to an agreement that covers forever," he testified. Phelps testified the delay in sending the final drafts was because France had promised Roger Penske, owner of Indianapolis Motor Speedway, IndyCar and teams in multiple racing series including NASCAR, that France would personally speak to Penske before the agreements were delivered. 23XI Racing, which is owned by Jordan, Hamlin, and Jordan's financial adviser, Curtis Polk, and Front Row, owned by Jenkins, were the only two teams out of 15 organizations that refused to sign. Multiple team owners have described that day on the opening weekend of the 2024 playoffs as an ultimatum from NASCAR as they found the offers to be "take-it-or-leave-it" and they signed with "a gun to our head." Hall of Fame team owner Richard Childress testified Tuesday his team would have gone out of business if he didn't sign the agreement. France had a better showing on the stand Wednesday than he did the day before as plaintiffs attorney Jeffrey Kessler had to repeat many questions and France said on numerous topics that he was either unable to recall, did not remember, or was not sure. France referenced back to the COVID-19 pandemic, when NASCAR shut down for nearly two months before leveraging its ownership of racetracks to become the first sport back up and running - albeit without fans in the grandstands.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/videos/ceq1000742go?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Scientists have captured rare footage of killer whales and Pacific white-sided dolphins hunting together near the coast of British Columbia, Canada The findings, published in the journal Nature Scientific Reports, is the first recorded evidence of the two species working together, according to researchers. "Not only were the killer whales orienting [themselves] towards the dolphins at the surface, but when the dolphins started to dive, our tagged killer whales would start to dive," lead researcher Dr Sarah Fortune from Dalhousie University in Canada said.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c5ydp1gdqwqo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: OpenAI makes $1bn deal to bring Disney characters to ChatGPT and Sora 39 minutes ago Share Save Shiona McCallum Senior technology reporter Share Save Getty Images Disney has agreed to invest $1bn (£740m) in OpenAI as part of a deal which will let people use many of its iconic characters in the chatbot ChatGPT and video-generation tool Sora. The move comes as OpenAI faces mounting questions about how its rapidly advancing tech is used - and as anxiety in Hollywood increases over the impact of AI on the creative industries. According to a blog post announcing the news, the list of eligible characters include those from Disney films Zootopia, Moana and Encanto - as well as characters like Star Wars' Luke Skywalker and Marvel's Deadpool. "Through this collaboration with OpenAI we will thoughtfully and responsibly extend the reach of our storytelling." People are expected to be able to begin making the videos and images in Sora and ChatGPT in early 2026.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/politics/judge-orders-kilmar-abrego-garcia-to-be-immediately-released-from-immigration-detention
Article: WATCH: Kilmar Abrego Garcia’s attorney discusses his case amid new deportation effort Additionally, Abrego Garcia is facing criminal charges in federal court in Tennessee, where he has pleaded not guilty to human smuggling. A judge has ordered an evidentiary hearing to be held on the motion after previously finding some evidence that the prosecution against Abrego Garcia “may be vindictive.” The judge said many statements by Trump administration officials “raise cause for concern.” The judge specifically cited a statement by Deputy Attorney General Todd Blanche that seemed to suggest the Justice Department charged Abrego Garcia because he won his wrongful deportation case.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/politics/watch-live-senate-expected-to-vote-on-aca-subsidies-with-premiums-set-to-rise-in-2026
Article: But with neither piece of legislation expected to pass, the problem is yet unresolved with just three weeks until the subsidies run dry and some Affordable Care Act enrollees see their premium costs more than double. Senate votes on rival, partisan health bills on Thursday, they’ll have two chances to address expiring COVID-era subsidies that will otherwise result in millions of Americans saddled with higher insurance costs in the new year. The Affordable Care Act subsidies brought down costs More than 24 million people have Affordable Care Act health insurance, a group including farmers, ranchers, small business owners and other self-employed people who don’t have other health insurance options through their work. WATCH: Senate meets ahead of dueling health care proposal votes, each likely to fail With the expanded subsidies, some lower-income enrollees received health care with no premiums, and high earners paid no more than 8.5% of their income. Without an extension of the subsidies, health care costs will rise for millions If the tax credits expire, the average subsidized enrollee will see their annual premium payments go up by 114%, from an average of $888 in 2025 to $1,904 in 2026, according to the health care research nonprofit KFF. Especially hard-hit groups will include a small number of higher earners who’ll have to pay a lot more without the extra subsidies and a large number of lower earners who’ll have to pay a small amount more, said Cynthia Cox, a vice president and director of the ACA program at KFF. READ MORE: Swing district Republicans brace for political fallout if health care subsidies expire Some enrollees, especially those who are young and healthy, are likely to drop out of coverage entirely rather than pay the steeper fees, experts say. Democrats back an extension, while Republicans pitch swapping subsidies for savings accounts The plan championed by Senate Democratic Leader Chuck Schumer would allow the vast majority of Affordable Care Act enrollees to keep benefiting from the enhanced subsidies for an additional three years. Cassidy and Crapo say their bill provides better support to Americans than the expiring subsidies do because it hands money directly to the people, giving them the power to decide how to spend or save it — a message President Donald Trump has echoed in recent weeks. The political stakes are only growing Thursday’s votes come as lawmakers’ anxieties are rising around the upcoming 2026 midterms, when Americans’ pocketbook concerns — including health costs — are expected to be on the ballot in their districts. In the House, moderate Republicans who are up for reelection have been pushing Speaker Mike Johnson, R-La., to extend the subsidies with new reforms while the right flank of the party has demanded deeper changes to an Affordable Care Act program they have long disliked. Last month, the White House circulated a plan to extend the subsidies for two years while adjusting eligibility requirements – but it ran into Republican pushback on the Hill and hasn’t had much traction since. On Wednesday, House Republican Leader Steve Scalise said leadership “laid out to our conference today a menu of options” relating to healthcare, some of which could be brought to the floor as soon as next week.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/politics/watch-live-white-house-holds-briefing-after-trump-administration-seizes-oil-tanker-off-venezuela
Article: When asked what would happen to the oil aboard the tanker, Trump said, “Well, we keep it, I guess.” “We’ve just seized a tanker on the coast of Venezuela, a large tanker, very large, largest one ever seized, actually,” Trump told reporters at the White House, later adding that “it was seized for a very good reason.” Using U.S. forces to take control of a merchant ship is incredibly unusual and marks the Trump administration’s latest push to increase pressure on Maduro, who has been charged with narcoterrorism in the United States. has built up the largest military presence in the region in decades and launched a series of deadly strikes on alleged drug-smuggling boats in the Caribbean Sea and eastern Pacific Ocean. WASHINGTON (AP) — President Donald Trump said Wednesday that the United States has seized an oil tanker off the coast of Venezuela as tensions mount with the government of President Nicolás Maduro. Video posted to social media by Attorney General Pam Bondi shows people fast-roping from one of the helicopters involved in the operation as it hovers just feet from the deck. Bondi wrote that “for multiple years, the oil tanker has been sanctioned by the United States due to its involvement in an illicit oil shipping network supporting foreign terrorist organizations.” Venezuela’s government said in a statement that the seizure “constitutes a blatant theft and an act of international piracy.” “Under these circumstances, the true reasons for the prolonged aggression against Venezuela have finally been revealed. 2 with about 2 million barrels of heavy crude, roughly half of it belonging to a Cuban state-run oil importer, according to documents from the state-owned company Petróleos de Venezuela S.A., commonly known as PDVSA, that were provided on the condition of anonymity because the person did not have permission to share them. O’Hara, a naval historian and author of “The Greatest Naval War Ever Fought,” called the seizure “very unusual” and “provocative.” Noting that the action will probably deter other ships from the Venezuela coastline, he said, “If you have no maritime traffic or access to that, then you have no economy.” The seizure comes a day after the U.S. The Trump administration is facing increasing scrutiny from lawmakers over the boat strike campaign, which has killed at least 87 people in 22 known strikes since early September, including a follow-up strike that killed two survivors clinging to the wreckage of a boat after the first hit. Lawmakers are demanding to get unedited video from the strikes, but Defense Secretary Pete Hegseth told congressional leaders at a classified briefing Tuesday that he was still weighing whether to release it.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/11/josh-brown-says-this-baby-berkshire-hathaway-stock-is-a-buy-right-now.html
Article: (This is The Best Stocks in the Market , brought to you by Josh Brown and Sean Russo of Ritholtz Wealth Management.) Josh — I am a forever shareholder in Berkshire Hathaway (BRK.B) and the stock has treated me and millions of other long-term investors very well over the years. The thing is, Warren Buffett is 95 years old and within a couple of weeks he will be officially stepping down from his responsibilities at the company to live out his remaining years. We can't invest in the past performance of Berkshire, but there is another company that many consider to be a Baby Berkshire Hathaway with a chart that positively demands our attention at the moment. Gayner is an unabashed acolyte of the Berkshire way of doing things, right down to his company's portfolio of long-term investments in the stock market and a folksy apathy for quarterly earnings reports. Markel, like Berkshire, runs a disciplined insurance company and reinvests the float into a concentrated portfolio of holdings - its top five stock positions are Berkshire A and B shares, Alphabet (GOOG) , Brookfield Asset Management (BN) and Amazon (AMZN) , which make up over 27% of the total. Markel has a $26 billion market cap, far smaller than the company that inspired it, which to me means that there could be a long way to go from here. Sean is going to highlight two names on the Best Stocks in the Market List from the insurance group, which has been a tougher trade in 2025 than many other areas of the market. In particular, we'll look at two of the best underwriters in the business with extremely long-term track records of profitability and strong execution - the aforementioned Markel Group (MKL) and The Hartford Insurance Group (HIG ). The company's diversified model also produced $7 billion in adjusted operating income from six different areas: insurance underwriting ($1.9B), fee businesses ($0.8B), fixed income ($1.8B), short-term investments ($0.6B) and its operating companies ($2.1B). Ideally we're allowing the stock to bounce off of this congestion around the 50-day moving average and we want to see that moving average straighten out and then trend higher. Above you're looking at the one year chart and you can clearly see the shorter-term moving average in orange turning up as the stock approaches the old highs near $2100. As it takes out the January / November resistance level above, there will be no one left to sell who has a loss in the stock or who doesn't want to be there. DISCLOSURES: (None) All opinions expressed by the CNBC Pro contributors are solely their opinions and do not reflect the opinions of CNBC, NBC UNIVERSAL, their parent company or affiliates, and may have been previously disseminated by them on television, radio, internet or another medium.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/11/south-koreas-sk-on-ford-motor-to-end-us-battery-joint-venture.html
Article: 20, 2022 South Korean battery maker SK On said on Thursday that it has decided to end its joint venture with Ford Motor for their joint battery factories in the U.S. SK On, a subsidiary of SK Innovation, which supplies automakers including Hyundai Motor and Kia Corp, said a Ford subsidiary will take full ownership of the battery plants in Kentucky, while SK On will assume full ownership and operate the Tennessee plant. SK On said the move reflected a strategic overhaul of assets and capacity aimed at enabling it to respond more quickly to market changes, accelerate its North American energy storage system business, and strengthen productivity and cost competitiveness in its battery operations. SK On posted an operating loss of 124.8 billion won ($84.72 million) for the July-September period, nearly double the 66.4 billion won loss in the previous quarter due to slowing EV battery shipments. Other South Korean battery makers, including LG Energy Solution and Samsung SDI, have also been repurposing EV battery production lines to produce energy storage systems due to the phasing out of U.S.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/11/us-judge-orders-release-of-kilmar-abrego-garcia-from-immigration-detention?traffic_source=rss
Article: The ruling on Thursday from US District Judge Paula Xinis is the latest turn in the case of Abrego Garcia, who was wrongfully deported by the administration of US President Donald Trump to El Salvador in March. “For this reason, the Court will GRANT Abrego Garcia’s Petition for immediate release from ICE [Immigration and Customs Enforcement] custody.” Abrego Garcia entered the US as a teenager without documentation and has resided in Maryland with his wife and children for years. The Maryland resident has filed a lawsuit in federal court claiming the Trump administration is illegally using the deportation process to punish him due to the attention his wrongful deportation created.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/sports/2025/12/11/world-cup-2026-all-to-know-six-months-before-fifa-tournament-starts?traffic_source=rss
Article: With just six months until kickoff, many tournament milestones have already been reached: Forty-two of the 48-team teams have qualified, the competition draw is completed, two-million-plus tickets have been sold and the 16 cities – 11 in the United States, three in Mexico, and two in Canada – have now been confirmed and are making final preparations to their stadiums and surrounding infrastructure. The US will stage games in 11 places: Atlanta, Boston, Dallas, Houston, Kansas City, Los Angeles, Miami, New Jersey/New York (joint host region), Philadelphia, Seattle, and the San Francisco Bay Area. Once the respective confederations finish their qualification process, FIFA offers two final spots to be contested by the best-placed team from each of the six continental routes that have not already qualified. The groups are mostly completed following the draw, but for the six final slots, although the potential teams that can fill those places are now also known: Group A: Mexico, South Korea, South Africa, plus one of Denmark, Macedonia, Czech Republic or Ireland Mexico, South Korea, South Africa, plus one of Denmark, Macedonia, Czech Republic or Ireland Group B : Canada, Switzerland, Qatar, plus one of Italy, Northern Ireland, Wales or Bosnia : Canada, Switzerland, Qatar, plus one of Italy, Northern Ireland, Wales or Bosnia Group C: Brazil, Morocco, Scotland, Haiti Brazil, Morocco, Scotland, Haiti Group D: USA, Australia, Paraguay, plus one of Turkiye, Romania, Slovakia or Kosovo USA, Australia, Paraguay, plus one of Turkiye, Romania, Slovakia or Kosovo Group E: Germany, Ecuador, Ivory Coast, Curacao Germany, Ecuador, Ivory Coast, Curacao Group F: Netherlands, Japan, Tunisia, plus one of Ukraine, Sweden, Poland and Albania Netherlands, Japan, Tunisia, plus one of Ukraine, Sweden, Poland and Albania Group G: Belgium, Iran, Egypt, New Zealand Belgium, Iran, Egypt, New Zealand Group H: Spain, Uruguay, Saudi Arabia, Cape Verde Spain, Uruguay, Saudi Arabia, Cape Verde Group I: France, Senegal, Norway, plus one of Iraq, Bolivia or Suriname France, Senegal, Norway, plus one of Iraq, Bolivia or Suriname Group J: Argentina, Austria, Algeria, Jordan Argentina, Austria, Algeria, Jordan Group K: Portugal, Colombia, Uzbekistan, plus one of DRC, Jamaica or New Caledonia Portugal, Colombia, Uzbekistan, plus one of DRC, Jamaica or New Caledonia Group L: England, Croatia, Panama, Ghana Can Trump move games at the FIFA World Cup 2026? Three stadiums – in Arlington, Atlanta, and Houston – have retractable roofs that are expected to be closed due to the summer heat, while Inglewood and Vancouver have fixed roofs. Semifinal 1: New Caledonia vs Jamaica Final 1: DRC vs New Caledonia or Jamaica Semifinal 2: Bolivia vs Suriname Final 2: Iraq vs Bolivia or Suriname Europe: UEFA’s playoff competition, also taking place in March, will feature 16 teams, who need to win their semifinal and final to become one of four to qualify. The draw is as follows: Path A Semifinal 1: Italy vs Northern Ireland Semifinal 2: Wales vs Bosnia-Herzegovina Final 1: Winner of Wales vs Bosnia-Herzegovina at home vs Italy or Northern Ireland Path B Semifinal 3: Ukraine vs Sweden Semifinal 4: Poland vs Albania Final 2: Winner of Ukraine vs Sweden at home vs Poland or Albania Path C Semifinal 5: Turkiye vs Romania Semifinal 6: Slovakia vs Kosovo Final 3: Winner of Slovakia vs Kosovo at home vs Turkiye vs Romania Path D

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/sports/2025/12/11/psg-bus-stoned-after-champions-league-tie-spanish-fans-attacked-in-poland?traffic_source=rss
Article: Rayo Vallecano fans injured in Poland before Europa match There was more violence surrounding a European fixture as three people were hospitalised after an attack on supporters of Rayo Vallecano travelling to Thursday’s Europa Conference League match at Jagiellonia in eastern Poland, local police announced. According to the police, two coach buses carrying the Spanish supporters were blocked by two passenger cars on an expressway near Ostrow Mazowiecka, in the east of the country, during the night from Wednesday to Thursday. Advertisement Police did not specify that the fans were supporters of the Madrid club, but local media reported they were travelling to see Rayo, who face Jagiellonia in nearby Bialystok, close to the Belarusian border, on Thursday.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/news/us-news/kilmar-abrego-garcia-released-ice-custody-judge-xinis-rcna237431
Article: She continued, “Since Abrego Garcia’s wrongful detention in El Salvador, he has been re-detained, again without lawful authority.” The ruling Thursday is the latest in a case that has highlighted the Trump administration’s enforcement policies in pursuit of President Donald Trump’s mass deportation campaign. The case first gained international attention when federal government officials admitted in April that they had made an “administrative error” that landed Abrego in the notorious Salvadoran megaprison — known as CECOT — even though a 2019 court order barred authorities from deporting him to his native El Salvador because of credible threats he faced from gangs there. The government initiated removal proceedings against Abrego in 2019 after police in Maryland arrested him while soliciting work outside a Home Depot and later turned him over to immigration authorities, according to court records. The Trump administration erroneously deported him to El Salvador anyway, prompting an order from the Supreme Court in April requiring the federal government to facilitate Abrego’s return to the U.S.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/crime/mesquite-charter-school-teacher-coach-arrested-child-grooming-arrested/287-a7ac11ec-a8eb-4b2a-8af9-7bfba8b5118c
Article: MESQUITE, Texas — A North Texas pastor has resigned after the arrest of his son, a former teacher and coach at a North Texas charter school, on a child grooming charge, according to the church and police. Police determined that Lough had previously worked as a teacher and coach at Pioneer Technology and Arts Academy in Mesquite and had served as a club volleyball coach for a team in Mesquite, according to a press release. Christian Center of Mesquite, in a statement, said Matthan is the son of their former Senior Pastor, who has since resigned, and that their "immediate priority is to support and seek justice for the victim and her family." The church said Matthan was not an employee of the church. Our focus remains on the spiritual health, safety, and unity of our congregation." Christian Center of Mesquite said they're committed to cooperating with the investigation and have started an internal review of their child protection policies, volunteer screening processes and family access logs. Pioneer Technology and Arts Academy Chief Academic Officer Derrick Love released the following statement in response to the arrest: "PTAA is aware of a public release issued by the Mesquite Police Department involving an individual identified as Matthan Lough.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c5yq9wr3pnro?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Flu in four charts - how this year's winter outbreak is different 45 minutes ago Share Save Jim Reed , Health reporter and Wesley Stephenson , BBC Verify Share Save PA Media The NHS has urged those eligible to get vaccinated against flu to help limit the severity of symptoms The NHS says it's facing its "worst-case scenario" after the number of people in hospital with flu jumped by 55% in a week. Children and young people most affected Children tend to be more susceptible to flu than older adults, partly because their immune systems are still developing and because they tend to spread viruses more quickly through close contact. Some schools have had to bring back Covid-like measures to prevent the spread of the virus, such as cutting back on singing in assemblies and introducing sanitisation stations, while one site in Caerphilly had to close temporarily. If the number of flu patients needing overnight treatment jumps to 5,000 or higher, as Sir Jim Mackey predicts, then it could put the whole hospital system under more pressure.

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/12/11/nx-s1-5640861/kilmar-abrego-garcia-granted-release-ice
Article: Judge orders Kilmar Abrego Garcia to be released from ICE custody toggle caption Andrew Harnik/Getty Images Maryland Judge Paula Xinis on Thursday granted Kilmar Abrego Garcia's request to be released from ICE custody. The native of El Salvador and resident of Maryland has become a symbol of the Trump administration's policy of mass deportations after he was mistakenly sent to a prison in El Salvador in the spring, contrary to a judge's order. Xinis said the government had no "final removal order" to deport Abrego Garcia, and despite that tried to deport him to various countries in Africa without any reasoning, even as Abrego Garcia was willing to leave the U.S. "Respondents' conduct over the past months belie that his detention has been for the basic purpose of effectuating removal, lending further support that Abrego Garcia should be held no longer," she wrote.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/tanzania-opposition-calls-transitional-government-after-disputed-election-128315997
Article: Tanzania's main opposition party has called for a transitional government after a disputed election NAIROBI, Kenya -- Tanzania’s main opposition party called Thursday for the establishment of a transitional government after a disputed election that it was barred from taking part in, saying the current government has “no legitimacy.” John Heche, vice chair of the opposition party Chadema, said the United Nations and African continental bodies should oversee a transitional government and a fresh, fair election. The Southern African Development Community concluded that Tanzania’s election fell short of democratic standards due to irregularities, restricted access for political party agents, and some voters being unable to vote.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/wireStory/mypillow-founder-trump-supporter-mike-lindell-hes-running-128315621
Article: -- Mike Lindell, the fervent supporter of President Donald Trump known to TV viewers as the “MyPillow Guy,” officially entered the race for Minnesota governor Thursday in hopes of winning the Republican nomination to challenge Democratic Gov. His Lindell TV streaming platform was in the news in November when it became one of several conservative news outlets that became credentialed to cover the Pentagon after agreeing to a restrictive new press policy rejected by virtually all legacy media organizations. Smartmatic says it's seeking “nine-figure damages.” A Colorado jury in June found that Lindell defamed a former Dominion Voting Systems executive by calling him a traitor, and awarded $2.3 million in damages. But Lindell won a victory in July when a federal appeals court overturned a judge's decision that affirmed a $5 million arbitration award to a software engineer who disputed data that Lindell claimed proved Chinese interference in the 2020 election.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Business/wireStory/major-strike-portugal-severely-disrupts-travel-public-services-128313705
Article: A strike called by Portugal’s two main trade union confederations has caused severe travel disruption and forced the cancellation of many medical appointments and school classes A woman walks through a nearly deserted hall of the Lisbon airport at the start of a general strike to protest against a new labour package announced by the centre-right government, in Lisbon, early Thursday, Dec. (AP Photo/Ana Brigida) A woman walks through a nearly deserted hall of the Lisbon airport at the start of a general strike to protest against a new labour package announced by the centre-right government, in Lisbon, early Thursday, Dec. (AP Photo/Ana Brigida) LISBON, Portugal -- A strike called by Portugal’s two main trade union confederations brought severe travel disruption Thursday and forced the cancellation of many medical appointments and school classes. The two labor groups representing close to a million Portuguese workers say it could be the country’s biggest walkout in more than 10 years as they contest the center-right government’s planned changes to employment laws. Downtown Lisbon was strikingly quiet, with few pedestrians and light traffic compared to a usual weekday in the capital as some people went on strike and others worked from home to avoid the transport disruption. The strike "says a lot about the government’s attack and this is the response of the workers.” Portugal has one of the European Union’s smallest economies and its workers are among the lowest paid in the 27-nation bloc.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/11/us-venezuela-iran-oil-tanker-skipper-trump.html
Article: forces seized on Wednesday off the coast of Venezuela since 2024 has shown a "clear pattern" of spoofing its location to hide where it actually was, according to a leading energy consulting firm. In the past two years, there have been a total of more than 80 days in which there is evidence of Skipper engaging in so-called AIS spoofing to obscure its location, according to Kpler data.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/11/broadcom-avgo-q4-earnings-2025.html
Article: Here's what analysts are expecting, according to LSEG: Earnings per share: $1.86, adjusted $1.86, adjusted Revenue: $17.49 billion Wall Street is expecting Broadcom's overall revenue to increase 25% in the quarter ended in October, from $14.05 billion a year earlier. The report comes as investors increasingly see Broadcom as well-placed to capitalize on the AI infrastructure boom both with its custom chips, which it calls XPUs, and the networking technology needed to build massive data centers where thousands of AI chips work as one. Broadcom stock is at all-time highs and has climbed 75% so far in 2025 as its custom chips, such as Google's tensor processing units, are increasingly seen as a rival to Nvidia's AI chips. "We expect investors to focus on FY26 AI revenue guidance, Google and OpenAI revenue contributions, and gross margin trajectory given the steep ramp of custom XPUs," Goldman Sachs analyst James Schneider wrote in a note last month.

Link: https://abc7.com/videoClip/king-co-chinese-food-brooklyn-restaurants-williamsburg/18275720/
Article: Kings Co Imperial serves Chinese cuisine with Brooklyn twist WILLIAMSBURG, Brooklyn -- Good vibes meet Chinese cuisine at Kings Co Imperial, a restaurant and bar serving Chinese dishes in Williamsburg, Brooklyn. "At a certain point we just decided, you know what, we want to take the training we have in Asian cooking, and wok cooking specifically, and put it to use," Grinker said. "So here I am, 15 years later, and really proud and very happy with what we've done." While Grinker admits he is not a classically trained Chinese chef, he says he has a lot of enthusiasm about the food cuisine and is excited by the learning process. Now Kings Co Imperial includes a backyard with outdoor dining, a small private dining room in the center of the restaurant, and a bigger room they called the "Imperial Room." Some of the signature dishes you can find at Kings Co Imperial include kung pao chicken, a stir-fried dish with chicken, vegetables and peanuts. "We use preserved kohlrabi root, fermented black soybeans, a little bit of ground pork for flavoring, for seasoning." Customers can also enjoy eating xiao long bao, or pork soup dumplings.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c8r30787e76o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: 'Super flu' wave hits hospitals in England with no peak yet 48 minutes ago Share Save Nick Triggle Health correspondent Share Save Getty Images The number of patients in hospital in England with influenza has risen by more than 50% in the past week, with NHS bosses warning there is no sign of "super flu" peaking yet. NHS England medical director Prof Meghana Pandit said: "This unprecedented wave of super flu is leaving the NHS facing a worst-case scenario for this time of year – with staff being pushed to the limit to keep providing the best possible care for patients." The numbers in hospital with flu is at its highest level at this time of year since records began - although they only date back to 2021 and so do not capture the two worst flu seasons of the past 15 years which were seen in 2014-15 and 2017-18. NHS England said the number of patients in hospital with the vomiting bug norovirus was also on the rise, with more than 350 beds occupied by people with that virus. There are hopes it may be called off after a fresh offer from Health Secretary Wes Streeting prompted the British Medical Association to agree to poll their members to see if they were willing to call off the five-day walkout that is due to begin on Wednesday.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cm2v7j4mmgzo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Royal Navy shadows Russian submarine through English Channel 27 minutes ago Share Save André Rhoden-Paul Share Save MOD The Russian submarine was tracked by a Royal Navy tanker The Royal Navy says it has tracked a Russian submarine through the English Channel to "safeguard" UK waters. A tanker shadowed the Russian Kilo-class submarine Krasnodar as it sailed on the surface from the North Sea, through the Strait of Dover and into the English Channel, it said. The government says there has been a 30% increase in Russian vessels threatening UK waters in the past two years - though Russia says the UK is the one being provocative. Capt James Allen, commanding officer of RFA Tidesurge, said the vessel had provided "a show of presence and deterrence as we transited from the North Sea to the English Channel". The navy continued to shadow the Russian submarine and its tugboat until it approached the north-west of France, at which point tracking of it was handed over to a Nato ally.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/cricket/articles/cx254059p1zo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Former England wicketkeeper Matt Prior says Jamie Smith needs to relish being the "heartbeat" of England's team and be up for "the fight" of trying to help the tourists recover from 2-0 down in the Ashes series. Smith has struggled in recent matches, failing to pass 33 in his past eight Test innings, while mistakes have crept in behind the stumps with the Surrey man dropping Australia's Travis Head in the second Test in Brisbane. "The keeper's role has always been the heartbeat of that group on the field," Prior, who won three Ashes series with England in a 79-Test career, told the BBC's Stumped podcast. "Jamie Smith, in that role as wicketkeeper, needs to want to be out there, want to be in the middle and want to be in the fight." England need to win the third Test in Adelaide to retain a chance of winning the Ashes and Prior said a re-focused Smith was vital to turning round England's fortunes in the series after two opening defeats. Is he swinging it back, is it going across, is the ball swinging, is it not?' "Grab the fielders, Ben Duckett, Ollie Pope, Zak Crawley - 'Right we're going to go pick a fight with Steve Smith'. That's the stuff you have to do." Speaking on the Stick to Cricket podcast, former Australia wicketkeeper Ian Healy said Smith needed to contribute tactically, but could rely on his team-mates to put pressure on the opposition. If you hear silence behind you then you're halfway through it." Meanwhile, Healy added that Smith would be thinking of the excellent form of opposite number Alex Carey: "It's a niggle in the back of your head.

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/12/11/nx-s1-5639932/phil-jackson-sam-smith-nba-masters-of-the-game
Article: That's the question decorated NBA head coach Phil Jackson set out to answer in his new book, Masters of the Game: A Conversational History of the NBA in 75 Legendary Players, co-written with sports writer Sam Smith. "He was in the gym there at 8 in the morning, 6 in the morning, 8 at night, 10 at night, whatever, all the time." Interview highlights toggle caption Penguin On Jackson building trust with Michael Jordan by not asking him for favors Jackson: I think it puts you on a different level when you start asking for things. Sponsor Message On Smith's 1991 book, The Jordan Rules, which revealed gambling and bullying Smith: I never wrote anything, which sort of was my promise at the time, that would hurt their lives. That he did not want to be compared to Michael [Jordan], even though his game emulated Michael, down to the fact that he even did a number of physical movements that could only have been influenced by watching Come Fly With Me, which was an important video tape of Michael Jordan's heroics that came out in like 1990 or '89… It just was a huge influence on a kid like Kobe who is probably 10, 11, 12 years of age, where boys are gravitating towards what they can do well, and this is something that he knew he could do really well. like, "I need to explore my own part of the game." So that's where initially we had to be juggling things a little bit between each other … Eventually I moved him into a role that was very similar to Michael Jordan's, which gave him much more latitude in the game. If you want to be a leader, you need to really rub shoulders with your teammates." And he was like, "They're into hubcaps and their cars and the girls and clubs and rap music, and those aren't the passions that I have right now. Sponsor Message On being a coach Jackson: It's been my privilege to be in the NBA, around the people in the NBA, and to have played with teammates that have won championships and have coached players that have been desirous of being unselfish, cooperative, and desirous of competing at a high level and accepting the coaching and the instructions and the lifestyle and culture that somehow surrounded them when I've been in their presence.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/nation/torrential-rain-triggers-floods-mudslides-and-evacuations-in-washington-state
Article: (AP) — Washington state was under a state of emergency Thursday from a barrage of torrential rain that has sent rivers flowing over their banks, caused a mudslide to crash down on a highway and trapped people in floodwaters. Bob Ferguson declared a statewide emergency by Wednesday night, warning “lives will be at stake in the coming days.” Some residents have already been ordered to higher ground, with Skagit County, a major agricultural region north of Seattle, ordering those within the Skagit River’s floodplain to evacuate. In a valley leading out to the foothills of Mount Rainier southeast of Seattle, Pierce County sheriff’s deputies on Wednesday rescued people at an RV park in Orting, including helping one man in a Santa hat wade through waist-deep water. Flooding rivers could break records The Skagit River was expected to crest at roughly 47 feet (14.3 meters) in the mountain town of Concrete early Thursday, and roughly 41 feet (12 meters) in Mount Vernon early Friday. “We feel very confident that we can handle a ‘normal flood,’ but no one really knows what a 41, 42 foot river looks like south of Mount Vernon,” Darrin Morrison, a commissioner for Dike District 3 in Skagit County, said during a public meeting Wednesday night. “I got nothing else.” Cities respond to flooding Harrison Rademacher, a meteorologist with the weather service in Seattle, described the atmospheric river soaking the region as “a jet stream of moisture” stretching across the Pacific Ocean “with the nozzle pushing right along the coast of Oregon and Washington.” In Sumas, a small city along the U.S.-Canada border, a flood siren rang out at city hall and residents were told to leave. Associated Press writers Gene Johnson and Hallie Golden in Seattle; Martha Bellisle in Issaquah, Washington; Sarah Brumfield in Cockeysville, Maryland; and Kathy McCormack in Concord, New Hampshire; contributed to this report.

Link: https://feeds.texastribune.org/link/16799/17230748/texas-christmas-tree-farms
Article: See our AI policy , and give us feedback KILGORE — Four years ago, James and Mary Robinson put the last Christmas tree they would ever plant in the ground. “We lose probably two or three farms every year due to retirement, or no one being able to manage it anymore because of their age,” said Stan Reed, the executive secretary of the Texas Christmas Tree Growers Association. The Robinson family and staff welcome visitors, who are allowed to explore the farm, pick and cut the tree down themselves before hopping on a tractor to ride back to the main area. They want to get a s’more, eat some peanuts, and they’re just happy.” While customers only see the farm for a few weeks late in the East Texas fall, the farm was a year-round operation that kept James busy. Michael Cavazos for The Texas Tribune Disclosure: Texas A&M AgriLife has been a financial supporter of The Texas Tribune, a nonprofit, nonpartisan news organization that is funded in part by donations from members, foundations and corporate sponsors.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Business/wireStory/average-us-long-term-mortgage-rate-ticks-622-128317448
Article: mortgage edged higher this week, though it remains relatively near its low point so far this year Average long-term mortgage rate ticks up to 6.22%, but remains close to low for year FILE - A sign is posted for a new home for sale in Ambler, Pa., Thursday, Oct.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Technology/wireStory/key-ai-players-cover-times-architects-ai-magazine-128317863
Article: Accompanying Time’s annual person of the year selection Thursday is a magazine cover that resembles the “Lunch Atop a Skyscraper” photograph from the 1930s showing eight of the “Architects of AI” sitting on the beam These are the key AI players on the cover of Time's 'Architects of AI' magazine FILE - Sam Altman, co-founder and CEO of OpenAI, testifies before a Senate committee hearing on Capitol Hill in Washington on May 8, 2025. (AP Photo/Jose Luis Magana, File) NEW YORK -- Accompanying Time's annual person of the year selection Thursday is a magazine cover that resembles the “Lunch Atop a Skyscraper” photograph from the 1930s showing eight of the “ Architects of AI ” sitting on the beam. “This was the year when artificial intelligence’s full potential roared into view, and when it became clear that there will be no turning back or opting out,” Time editor-in-chief Sam Jacobs wrote in an explanation of the choice. In June, Meta made a $14.3 billion investment in AI data company Scale and recruited its CEO Alexandr Wang to help lead a team developing “superintelligence” at the tech giant. Zuckerberg’s increasing focus on the abstract idea of “superintelligence” — which rival companies call artificial general intelligence, or AGI — is the latest pivot for a tech leader who in 2021 went all-in on the idea of the metaverse, changing the company’s name and investing billions into advancing virtual reality and related technology. The semiconductor company recently revealed a new artificial intelligence chip in its race to compete with rival chipmaker Nvidia in supplying the foundation for a boom in AI-fueled business tools, and has struck a multibillion dollar computing deal with OpenAI. AMD joins a growing list of technology companies trying to take advantage of a broader interest from businesses looking for new AI tools that can analyze data, help make decisions and potentially replace some tasks currently performed by human workers. Built using huge amounts of computing power at a Tennessee data center, Grok is Musk’s attempt to outdo rivals such as OpenAI’s ChatGPT and Google’s Gemini in building an AI assistant that shows its reasoning before answering a question. Musk’s deliberate efforts to mold Grok into a challenger of what he considers the tech industry’s “woke” orthodoxy on race, gender and politics has repeatedly got the chatbot into trouble. Nvidia carved out an early lead in tailoring its chipsets known as graphics processing units, or GPUs, from use in powering video games to helping to train powerful AI systems, like the technology behind ChatGPT and image generators. The ravenous appetite for Nvidia’s chips is the main reason that the company became the first $5 trillion company in October, just three months after the Silicon Valley chipmaker was first to break through the $4 trillion barrier. OpenAI recently marked the three year anniversary from when it first released ChatGPT, sparking global fascination and a commercial boom in generative AI technology and giving the San Francisco startup an early lead. But the company, valued at $500 billion, doesn’t make a profit, amplifying concerns about an AI bubble if the generative AI products made by OpenAI and its competitors don’t meet the expectations of investors pouring billions of dollars into research and development. Google's recent move to implant Gemni into the search experience have been mostly successful, with AI Overviews now being used by more than 2 billion people every month, according to the company. Anthropic said it expects to make $5 billion in sales this year, but, like OpenAI and many other AI startups, it has never reported making a profit, relying instead on investors to back the high costs of developing AI technology for a potential payoff in the future.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/11/rivian-autonomy-ai-day.html
Article: Electric vehicle maker Rivian Automotive has developed a custom chip, car computer and new artificial intelligence models that will enable it to bring self-driving features to its forthcoming vehicles, the company revealed at its first "Autonomy and AI Day" on Thursday in Palo Alto, California. Rivian also said it plans to roll out an Autonomy+ subscription with "continuously expanding capabilities" to customers in early 2026, to be powered by its Rivian Autonomy Processors and autonomy computers. The company said in a statement that a near-future software update will include a "Universal Hands-Free," capability, allowing Rivian customers "hands-free driving" on "over 3.5 million miles of roads in North America, covering the vast majority of marked roads in the US." Unlike its primary competitor, Tesla, Rivian said it intends to use lidar, or light detection and ranging, systems and radar sensors in its forthcoming cars to enable "level 4," or fully automated driving, as defined by SAE Levels of Driving Automation. "Now, while our initial focus will be on personally, owned vehicles, which today represent a vast majority of the miles to the United States, this also enables us to pursue opportunities in the rideshare space," Scaringe said during the event.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/11/stocks-making-the-biggest-moves-midday-orcl-mtn-gev-bco-cien.html
Article: The stock closed at a record high of $723 on Wednesday following an upbeat investor event, where GE Vernova announced accelerated stock buybacks, a doubled dividend and long-term financial targets. Brinks — The armored car and cash handling provider moved up 4% to an all-time high after its board authorized a $750 million stock buyback expiring in 2027 on top of a prior $500 million set to expire at yearend. Visa — The payments stock rose almost 5% after Truist named Visa one of its favorite stocks for 2026, calling it a "preferred quality compounder." Planet Labs — The satellite imagery company soared more than 30% after Planet Labs posted third-quarter revenue of $81 million, topping an LSEG consensus estimate of $72 million.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/11/trump-venezuela-oil-iran-skipper.html
Article: "There is a process, ultimately the USA has to indemnify anyone taking part in the transaction, which includes the oil buyer, any tankers required for the lightering operation or any of the service providers involved in the transaction," Lipow said. Attorney General Pam Bondi, in a post on X on Wednesday, said that the ship had been sanctioned for multiple years because of its "involvement in an illicit oil shipping network supporting foreign terrorist organizations." "Our investigation alongside the Department of Homeland Security to prevent the transport of sanctioned oil continues," Bondi wrote. "It was a successful operation directed by the president to ensure that we're pushing back on a regime that is systematically covering and flooding our country with deadly drugs and killing our next generation of Americans," Noem told the House Homeland Security Committee. She touted the Coast Guard's efforts to target drug smugglers and "those individuals that are funding it with a shadow fleet of sanctioned oil that should never be sold to benefit their profits and their pockets to kill Americans."

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/video/newsfeed/2025/12/11/denmark-plans-to-ban-access-to-social-media-for-anyone-under-15?traffic_source=rss
Article: NewsFeed Denmark plans to ban access to social media for anyone under 15 The Danish government has announced a new plan to restrict the use of social media for anyone under the age of 15, though in some cases parents will be able to let their children use social platforms from age 13.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/video/newsfeed/2025/12/11/baby-in-gaza-dies-from-cold-as-israel-restricts-entry-of-needed-supplies?traffic_source=rss
Article: Baby in Gaza dies from cold as Israel restricts entry of needed supplies NewsFeed Baby in Gaza dies from cold as Israel restricts entry of needed supplies An eight-month-old baby in Gaza died from exposure to torrential rains and cold temperatures in her family’s tent in Khan Younis.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/mlb/ex-yankees-veteran-reportedly-signs-with-athletics-after-harsh-bronx-exit-11196109
Article: Following a season in which he put up a 4.84 ERA and 54 strikeouts in 48 1/3 innings, Leiter was left to explore free agency a year earlier than he would have if he'd performed up to the Yankees' preferred standard. They had one of the best offenses in the league after calling up Rookie of the Year Nick Kurtz in late April, and they finished 76-86 despite losing 20 of 21 games at one point. Though there's no guarantee that Leiter will steady the ship, he's generally been close to league average throughout his career, which might well be good enough to improve his new team.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/dodgers-get-crushing-kyle-tucker-free-agency-update-after-winter-meetings-11195179
Article: The Los Angeles Dodgers, New York Yankees, and Toronto Blue Jays are seemingly the top three teams in the sweepstakes to sign superstar outfielder Kyle Tucker away from the Chicago Cubs. And Tucker has no interest in signing a deal that won’t carry him through the rest of his career." The Dodgers were looked at as the favorites for Tucker at one point, but it now seems like they're not going to contend in his free agency after all.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/doordash-map-shows-americas-favorite-delivery-restaurants-11194582
Article: Other honorees include Burma Love in San Francisco for its Burmese food, Mia’s Table in Houston for Southern comfort delicacies, Nong’s Khao Man Gai in Portland for Thai dishes, and Señor Sisig in San Francisco for its Filipino specialties. Our annual list shines a light on the incredible range of local restaurants that deliver happiness to doorsteps nationwide, from beloved hometown favorites to hidden regional gems.” Forma Pasta Factory owner, Amit Rabinovich, told the New York Post: “It’s nice to know that all the hard work is at least being appreciated by the people.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/amy-coney-barrett-questions-supreme-court-case-helping-republicans-11195938
Article: Supreme Court Justice Amy Coney Barrett asked a lawyer representing the Democratic National Committee (DNC) on Tuesday whether overturning limits on how much a political party can spend would benefit the Republican Party. “Normally, regulated parties are happy to get rid of regulation and, obviously, this ties the DNC’s hands just as much as it ties the RNC’s hands,” Barrett said during oral arguments in NRSC v. Why would your client be here if it didn’t perceive this to be something that would benefit the RNC more than the DNC?” Marc Elias, who argued on behalf of the DNC, the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee and the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee, said he does not believe the parties have been aligned on this matter. “Our office holders and our members in voting in Congress and in their public statements and in the platform of the Democratic Party have not been aligned with striking down this limit,” Elias said. “The coordinated party spending limits act as a buffer on how much money you can pump into directly paying the bills of a House or Senate campaign or a presidential campaign, so that you have funds to do these other party-building functions.” Noel Francisco, an attorney representing the National Republican Senatorial Committee, said the limits are “at war” with recent high court decisions. What People Are Saying Supreme Court Justice Brett Kavanaugh, during oral arguments on Tuesday: "I am concerned, as you said, that the combination of campaign finance laws and this court's decisions over the years have together reduced the power of political parties as compared to outside groups with negative effects on our constitutional democracy. So I start from that, and I'm trying to figure out how this case fits into that with respect to political parties and the strength of political parties." Noel Francisco, an attorney representing the National Republican Senatorial Committee, during oral arguments on Tuesday: "Lots of candidates are running unopposed or they have very little chance of winning or they're just generally in safe seats.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/wrestling/wwe-reportedly-planning-surprises-for-saturday-nights-main-event-11196473
Article: More news: Nikki Bella Reunites With Ex-Boyfriend At WWE Raw There was significant buzz at this week’s "NXT" taping that popular TNA Wrestling star Joe Hendry could be in Washington, D.C., for the event. Reports indicate there is also chatter about at least one additional TNA talent potentially being present beyond Leon Slater, who is already confirmed for the tag team title match against AJ Styles and Dragon Lee. The World Tag Team Championships will also be on the line as AJ Styles and Dragon Lee defend against the high-flying team of NXT’s Je’Von Evans and TNA X-Division Champion Leon Slater.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/delta-activates-full-court-hospitality-press-for-holiday-season-11191246
Article: If you look over the holiday period, we outperformed all other airlines and reliability, and so our teams are ready to go and take care of our customers,” Erik Snell, Delta’s Chief Customer Experience Officer, told Newsweek. There are many points throughout a passenger’s journey where Delta can influence from the time a passenger arrives at their departure airport to the moment they leave the airport at their destination. What Snell most wants Delta’s customers to know is something that isn’t top of mind as they prepare to cram as many unwrapped presents into their carryon as possible: “They're always going to be safe.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/full-list-of-republicans-facing-articles-of-impeachment-11196054
Article: The latest moves—though unlikely to succeed under Republican control—signal growing partisan tensions ahead of the 2026 midterm elections and highlight ongoing debates over executive accountability and public policy on health and defense. Why It Matters The impeachment process, requiring a majority vote in the House and a two-thirds vote in the Senate, is an extraordinary measure used to address allegations of "high crimes and misdemeanors" by federal officials, as provided by Article II, Section 4 of the U.S. At the beginning of this week, Green said it will be clear why he is making the move when the articles are filed, but that it was partly because Trump "doesn't respect the separation of powers" by speaking against members of the House who do not agree with him. "I will be doing what I believe is right to protect the republic." The update comes after Green announced in November that he would file articles of impeachment against Trump by Christmas. Earlier this month, he said in a video announcement on X that the articles were “for murder and conspiracy to murder and reckless and unlawful mishandling of classified information.” Responding to this, HHS Deputy Assistant Secretary for Communications Andrew G. Nixon told Newsweek: “Secretary Kennedy remains focused on improving Americans’ health and lowering costs, not on partisan theatrics designed to elevate standing in a failing, third-rate Senate bid.” Newsweek has contacted Thanedar, via email, for comment. It's about seeing whether the leadership is up for the fight as we head into 2026 and what is a crucial year for both parties in Congress." President Donald Trump at a rally in April addressed previous articles of impeachment introduced against him, saying: "Today they did it again. Because our health, out science, and our future are worth fighting for." Representative Haley Stevens said in an X post on Wednesday: "Today, I formally introduced articles of impeachment against Robert F. Michiganders cannot take another day of his chaos." Pentagon spokesperson Kingsley Wilson told Axios earlier this month: "While Shri tries to win points with his base to fend off his political opponents, Secretary Hegseth will continue to protect the homeland. This is just another charade in an attempt to distract the American people from the major successes we have had here at the Department of War." What Happens Next Despite the publicized announcements, none of the impeachment efforts is likely to proceed further in the current Congress. The outcome for those named in the articles is expected to remain unchanged unless there is a significant shift in the party balance or public sentiment in the run-up to the 2026 elections.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/ncaa/usc-hit-with-bad-news-before-alamo-bowl-matchup-vs-tcu-11196365
Article: It marked head coach Lincoln Riley’s best season in Southern California since his first year when he led the Trojans to an 11-3 mark with Heisman Trophy winner Caleb Willims playing quarterback. More News: Jaxson Dart Has Strong Reaction to Lane Kiffin Leaving Ole Miss Before CFP Keeping Riley in the fold is a big win for USC, which has dealt with a lot of coaching instability since Pete Carroll left for the NFL back in 2010 (the school has endured up-and-down seasons with Lane Kiffin, Ed Orgeron, Clay Helton, Steve Sarkisian, and Donte Williams all coaching for various amounts of time). However, USC won’t be making it to its bowl game completely unscathed from any bad news as it was revealed on Thursday that the team will be kicked out of the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum for the 2028 season due to the 2028 Olympic Games in L.A. More News: Chip Kelly Interviewed for Job With Major College Football Program The Coliseum previously hosted the 1932 Olympics and the 1984 Olympics, meaning when the 2028 Games arrive, the historic stadium will be the first ever to host three Olympic Games. Though SoFi is less than eight miles away from the Coliseum, the change will be a big adjustment for the players and their fans given they’ve played their home games in the legendary venue since 1923. It also makes things a bit more hectic for the stadium schedulers as in addition to the Rams and Chargers, the UCLA Bruins will begin playing their home games at the venue starting in 2026 after signing a contract to move from the Rose Bowl to SoFi.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/iran-venezuela-oil-tanker-donald-trump-military-maduro-11196299
Article: The Iranian embassy in Caracas on Thursday condemned the Trump administration’s seizure of a Venezuelan oil tanker off the country’s coast, denouncing the move as “piracy in the Caribbean Sea” and a violation of international law. "The illegal move by the US government to seize a Venezuelan oil tanker in the Caribbean Sea without any justified or legal reason constitutes a blatant violation of international laws and regulations, including the inviolable principle of freedom of the seas and navigation,” the statement said. It continued, “‘Piracy in the Caribbean Sea' is the most appropriate title for this unlawful and unjustified move by the US, which seeks to achieve its goals by resorting to illegitimate measures, violation of national sovereignty, infringement of others’ rights, and the promotion of anarchism." This is a breaking news story.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/humble-cadillac-entering-f1-to-win-sell-cars-11184432
Article: Reuss sees the company’s F1 team as a marketing tool to sell cars, falling into the vein of the old phrase often echoed in relation to NASCAR: “Win on Sunday, sell on Monday.” It comes as Cadillac is looking to spread its sales footprint further, setting up sales shop in Europe and the UK, and promising to sell its new Escalade IQ in South Korea. We're going to put our best foot forward and give it everything we have and keep doing that for the long haul.” The playing field is somewhat more level for a team entering for the 2026 season than in previous years. And so we're going to start from ground zero, which is also extremely exciting… The time [from company establishment to getting to the grid] hasn't been very long, but if we put our best minds on it, and we put our best tools to it, and we leverage our footprints of engineering and simulation, both in the powertrain and the integration of that with the actual vehicle from a fluid dynamics and aero standpoint, I think, I think we'll have something that's very interesting, and that's what we're focused on.”

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/ncaa/alabamas-kalen-deboer-reveals-playoff-blueprint-before-oklahoma-rematch-11195869
Article: We’ll take the things two teams that know each other well can take—what we need to do better, the matchups—and put together a plan." Read more: Ty Simpson, Alabama Get Clear Warning From Crimson Tide Legends Before CFP That first game saw Alabama quarterback Ty Simpson throw for 326 yards and a touchdown, but also an interception. Despite losing to Georgia in the conference championship game, DeBoer's Crimson Tide earned one of this year's 12 CFP spots, potentially riling up coaches and fans from other programs who felt their teams got snubbed. “I’m proud of the way these guys, in pressure moments and in different times throughout the season, find ways to go out there and leave it on the field.” They defeated then-No.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/entertainment/tv/taylor-swift-the-end-of-an-era-docuseries-release-date-schedule-how-to-watch-11192190
Article: Swifties get their last farewell to The Eras Tour this Friday, with the brand new docuseries "Taylor Swift – The End of an Era" landing on Disney+ on December 12. Designed to give fans an intimate look at Taylor Swift's life throughout the Eras tour, the series also spotlights fellow performers such as Sabrina Carpenter, Ed Sheeran, Florence Welch, and Gracie Abrams, as well as Swift's family members and friends. Episode 1 and 2 arrive on Disney+ at 12 am PT/3 am ET on Disney+, with the first episode also premiering on ABC at 8 pm ET/ 7 pm CT the same day. 'Taylor Swift – The End of an Era' – How to Watch "Taylor Swift – The End of an Era" will be available on Disney+ from Midnight Pacific Time (PT) on December 12, 2025/3 am Eastern Time (ET). The "Taylor Swift – The End of an Era" release time will be different depending on the time zone: December 12 BRT : 4:00 am BST : 8:00 am CEST : 9:00 am IST : 12:30 pm JST : 4:00 pm AET : 5:00 pm NZDT: 7:00 pm 'Taylor Swift – The End of an Era' Release Date "Taylor Swift – The End of an Era" is available to stream on Disney+ on December 12, 2025. 'Taylor Swift – The End of an Era' Release Schedule Episode 1: December 12 Episode 2: December 12 Episode 3: December 19 Episode 4: December 19 Episode 5: December 26 Episode Six: December 26 What Will Happen in 'Taylor Swift – The End of an Era'? The official synopsis for "Taylor Swift – The End of an Era" reads: Taylor Swift | The Eras Tour | The End of an Era” is an illuminating docuseries on Disney+ that gives an intimate look at Taylor’s life as her tour made headlines and thrilled fans around the world. In addition, the series spotlights performers, family members, and friends – including Gracie Abrams, Sabrina Carpenter, Ed Sheeran, and Florence Welch – offering never-before-seen insight into what it took to create a phenomenon. (as per Disney+) READ: New on Hulu: Full List of Movies, Shows Hitting the Streaming Platform in December 2025 Will 'Taylor Swift – The End of an Era' Be Available in Theaters?

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/satellite-image-reveals-400-mile-long-radiation-fog-over-california-11193749
Article: Tule fog is caused by light winds and moist soil in the colder months of the year, according to NASA, who observed the fog using their "Terra" Earth observation satellite. The white, low-hanging cloud is a form of persistent "radiation fog"—fortunately as in thermal radiation, not nuclear radiation!—a type of fog commonly seen across the United States in autumn and winter. An animation of multiple images taken between November 24 and December 9 shows the thick white cloud filling the valley between Redding and Bakersfield, a stretch of around 437 miles. Late November brought a stable high-pressure system, which NASA describes as acting as a lid over the fog, containing it to the valley, with no major storms disrupting the cloud.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nfl/major-update-emerges-on-andy-reids-future-as-chiefs-head-coach-11195554
Article: Under Patrick Mahomes at quarterback, the Chiefs have never lost the division and have always advanced to the AFC Championship Game or beyond—standards that are now either out of reach or severely diminished unless Kansas City wins out and receives significant help. “Andy Reid turns 68 next spring, and retirement chatter has swirled around him before, but the contract extension he received indicates he’s not interested in hanging it up anytime soon,” Graziano reported. More news: Chiefs’ Xavier Worthy Breaks Silence After Justin Herbert, Laura Rutledge Incident Reid took the Chiefs job back in 2013 and has built them into a modern-day dynasty—one that is now facing serious adversity for the first time. He also arrived the same year the Chiefs drafted veteran tight end Travis Kelce, who is now entering a critical offseason himself, with his contract up and the possibility of retirement after 13 seasons in the NFL.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/driver-leaves-package-too-close-to-fence-then-unexpected-pet-snatches-it-11183280
Article: As of Thursday, the clip reached over 1.2 million views and 192,000 likes, with TikTok users quickly defending the horse's actions, joking that the "package was left with the receptionist." "She signed for it, be grateful," wrote one person. This is the best thing I've ever seen." Thankfully, the owner confirmed in the comment section that all the packages were in "mint condition." This "horsedog" behavior is nothing new to the owner or experts. A study published in Scientific Reports found that horses that approached, sniffed or manipulated new objects performed better on both visual discrimination and pressure-release learning tasks than those who avoided the items, suggesting a link between curiosity and learning performance. This association has previously been demonstrated in humans and primates, but now the 2021 study raises new questions about fostering curiosity and its impact on cognitive processes among domesticated animals.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/property-tax-rebate-deadline-extended-pennsylvania-11193748
Article: Pennsylvania residents now have until December 31 to apply for rebates on property taxes or rent paid last year, after an extension was offered to give homeowners and renters more time to claim financial relief. “There’s still a few weeks left to apply for the Property Tax/Rent Rebate Program, and I hope every eligible Pennsylvanian will take advantage of this opportunity,” the state’s treasurer Stacy Garrity said in a statement reported by local news media. “Treasury works as quickly as possible to process approved rebates to Pennsylvanians in need.” Why It Matters The deadline extension comes at a time when many in Pennsylvania are outraged by several local counties’ proposals to raise property taxes in 2026. What To Know To qualify for the state’s rebates on property taxes and rent paid in 2024, residents must have owned or rented a home in Pennsylvania last year and have a yearly salary of less than $46,520. They must also be aged 65 and above, widows and widowers aged 50 and above, and people with disabilities aged 18 and above who meet the income limit are all eligible to apply for rebates. Homeowners making $31,010 or less whose property taxes exceed 15 percent of their income and qualified residents in Philadelphia, Scranton, and Pittsburgh are automatically issued supplemental rebates of between $190 and $500. According to Garrity, the Pennsylvania Treasury has already paid out 502,163 rebates since it started issuing them this year on July 1, for a total of more than $307 million. What People Are Saying Bill Johnston-Walsh, state director of nonprofit, nonpartisan organization AARP Pennsylvania, which assists older Americans, said in a statement reported by The Keystone: “There’s going to be 175,000 more Pennsylvanians that are now eligible for this property tax and rent rebate program here in 2025. Last year, the program distributed over 522,000 rebates, totaling almost $320 million.” What Happens Next The Pennsylvania Treasury writes that, to date, “funding has been available to allow all who qualify to benefit from the program.” Applicants can check the status of their rebates online here or call the Pennsylvania’s Department of Revenue at 1-888-PATAXES (728-2937).

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nfl/russell-wilson-posts-cryptic-message-ahead-of-giants-commanders-showdown-11195782
Article: After signing a one-year, $10.5 million contract with the New York Giants during the offseason, Russell Wilson started just three games before he was benched for rookie first-round pick Jaxson Dart. And in his 10 appearances since, Dart has impressed enough (1,556 yards passing, 11 touchdowns, 337 yards rushing, seven touchdowns) that Wilson will likely finish out the year on the bench before hitting free agency for the third time in his 14-year NFL career. More News: Bills Announce Major Josh Allen News Ahead of Patriots Rematch A fan posted on X that “2017-2020 Russell Wilson would be the best QB in the NFL if he played today,” which prompted a mysterious response from the 10-time Pro Bowl QB just days before the Giants face the division rival Washington Commanders. In that time he compiled a 104-53-1 record as the starter, made nine Pro Bowls, was a second-team All-Pro selection, led the NFL in passer rating (2015) and passing touchdowns (2017), and won a Super Bowl. It’s not known what Wilson means by “it’s time to go dark,” but one would assume he’s more motivated than ever to compete for a starting QB job somewhere in the NFL in 2026.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/local/texas/invasive-species-in-texas-pasture-mealybug-agriculture/285-9908dc6f-1e8b-4836-9720-afa5a0e6b8a4
Article: HOUSTON — Texas ranchers and hay producers are being urged to take a hard look at their pastures after state officials confirmed a highly destructive new pest has arrived in the Lone Star State. Texas Agriculture Commissioner Sid Miller on Wednesday issued an urgent alert about the pasture mealybug (Helicococcus summervillei), an invasive species never before reported in North America that is already damaging pasture acreage in multiple Texas counties. New invasive pest threatens Texas pastures The Texas Department of Agriculture is working with Texas A&M AgriLife Extension and USDA’s Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service to coordinate a rapid response and protect producers. TDA is working hand-in-hand with federal and university partners to respond swiftly and protect our producers from this unprecedented threat.” Where the pasture mealybug has been found in Texas Officials say the estimated impact area currently covers 20 counties, including: Brazoria Galveston Wharton Matagorda Colorado Austin Washington Cameron Hidalgo Willacy Refugio Calhoun Victoria Goliad Dewitt Lavaca Fayette Jackson Burleson Brazos Robertson AgriLife entomologists have submitted a formal Pest Incident Worksheet documenting significant damage to pastures and hayfields in Victoria County. Common symptoms: Yellowing and discoloration of leaves within a week of infestation Purpling or reddening of foliage Stunted growth and drought stress despite rainfall Poorly developed root systems Dieback starting at leaf tips and moving downward Premature aging, making plants more vulnerable to pathogens Inspection tips: Scout regularly for mealybugs on grass leaves, stems, soil surface, leaf litter and under cow patties Focus on unmanaged areas such as fence lines, ungrazed patches and roadsides Look for fluffy, white, waxy or “fuzzy” insects on blades and stems If plants look unhealthy and insects match this description, investigate further “Early identification is critical, and we need every producer’s eyes on the ground,” Commissioner Miller added. “We are working diligently with our federal and state partners to determine how to best combat this novel threat and stop it in its tracks.” What producers should do if they see signs of pasture mealybug State officials are urging producers to act quickly if they suspect an infestation. If you observe suspicious symptoms or insects matching the descriptions above, contact the Texas Department of Agriculture at: 1-(800)-TELL-TDA TDA, Texas A&M AgriLife Extension and USDA APHIS will continue working together to study the pest and develop management strategies to help protect Texas pastures, hayfields and livestock operations.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/nation-world/watch-supergirl-movie-trailer-released/507-35f8c419-4c05-4e5a-8f83-6d9412bf49a4
Article: According to the plot summary, "When an unexpected and ruthless adversary strikes too close to home, Kara Zor-El, aka Supergirl, reluctantly joins forces with an unlikely companion on an epic, interstellar journey of vengeance and justice." Asked during the teaser trailer what Superman is like, Supergirl replies, "He sees the good in everyone and I see the truth." Alcock stars in the film alongside Matthias Schoenaerts, Eve Ridley, David Krumholtz, Emily Beecham, and Jason Momoa.

Link: https://abc13.com/post/houston-city-council-stalls-ordinance-would-hold-rundown-apartments-accountable-subpar-conditions/18273871/
Article: Efforts for ordinance for high-risks apartments remain unmoved by Houston City Council An ordinance aiming to hold poorly run apartment complexes accountable still did not move forward in Houston City Council yet. The Apartment Standards Enforcement Committee, composed of representatives from the police department, public works, the health department, and others, would work with these high-risk buildings to bring them into compliance. According to the ordinance, a complex would be considered high risk if it ranks in the top five for 3-1-1 helpline complaints and has 10 health or safety citations within a year. SEE ALSO: Houston may soon put substandard apartments on 'naughty list' Councilmember Plummer, who is stepping down next week to run for Harris County Judge, pushed for a specific date for the vote.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/crk7lg1j146o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Huge undersea wall dating from 5000 BC found in France When it was built on the Ile de Sein at Brittany's western tip, the wall would have been on the shore-line – between the high and low tide marks. The monoliths that form the basis of the wall are similar to - but predate - the famous menhirs that dot the Brittany countryside and are associated with the Neolithic culture. Archaeologists made their first exploration in summer 2022, but had to wait till the following winter – when the seaweed had died back – before they could map the wall properly. In a paper in the International Journal of Nautical Archaeology, the writers conjecture that sites such as this may lie at the origin of local Breton legends of sunken cities.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/economy/weekly-unemployment-benefit-applications-rise-to-236000-as-labor-market-concerns-persist
Article: WASHINGTON (AP) — The number of Americans applying for unemployment benefits jumped last week, but remain in the same historically healthy range of the past few years despite growing concern over the health of the labor market. Despite what on the surface appears to be a historically healthy job market, the Federal Reserve trimmed its benchmark lending rate by a quarter-point on Wednesday, its third straight cut. While government data shows that the economy has added a sluggish 40,000 jobs a month since April, Powell said that figure could be revised lower by as much as 60,000. Job cuts announced recently by large companies such as UPS, General Motors, Amazon and Verizon typically take weeks or months to fully implement and may not be reflected in Thursday’s data. That’s the lowest level for continuing claims since mid-April, but some analysts said the plunge is due to a variety of factors, including seasonal adjustments and the fact that most people aren’t eligible for benefits after 26 weeks.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/world/venezuelan-nobel-laureate-credits-trump-for-pressuring-maduro-with-decisive-actions
Article: Now they start to understand that this is serious, and that the world is watching.” Machado’s statements to reporters came hours after she appeared in public for the first time in 11 months, following her arrival in Norway’s capital, Oslo, where her daughter received the Nobel Peace Prize award on her behalf on Wednesday. CARACAS, Venezuela (AP) — Venezuelan opposition leader María Corina Machado said Thursday that “decisive” actions by the United States, including the seizure of an oil tanker , have left the repressive government of President Nicolás Maduro at its weakest point, and she vowed to return to the country to keep fighting for democracy. She told reporters that she would return to Venezuela “when we believe the security conditions are right, and it won’t depend on whether or not the regime leaves.” Machado arrived in Oslo hours after Wednesday’s prize ceremony and made her first public appearance early Thursday, emerging from a hotel balcony and waving to an emotional crowd of supporters. READ MORE: Maduro’s government rejects Trump’s claim of closing Venezuelan airspace Machado left Venezuela at a critical point in the country’s protracted crisis, with the Trump administration carrying out deadly military operations in the Caribbean and threatening repeatedly to strike Venezuelan soil. WATCH LIVE: White House holds briefing after Trump administration seizes oil tanker off Venezuela “We, the Venezuelan people that have tried every single, you know, institutional mean, ask support from the democratic nations in the world to cut those resources that come from illegal activities and support repressive approaches,” she said. It’s not a matter of statements, as you say, it’s a matter of action.” Machado, 58, was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize in October after mounting the most serious peaceful challenge in years to Maduro’s authoritarian government. Machado was received Thursday by Norwegian Prime Minister Jonas Gahr Støre, who said that his country is ready to support a democratic Venezuela in “building new and sound institutions.” Asked whether the Venezuelan government might have known her whereabouts since January, Machado told reporters: “I don’t think they have known where I have been, and certainly they would have done everything to stop me from coming here.” She declined to give details of her journey from Venezuela to Norway. Machado, alongside the Norwegian prime minister, said that “we decided to fight until the end and Venezuela will be free.” If Maduro’s government is still in place when she returns, she added, “I will be with my people and they will not know where I am.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/nation/trump-administration-separates-thousands-of-migrant-families-in-the-u-s
Article: MIAMI (AP) — President Donald Trump’s zero-tolerance immigration policy split more than 5,000 children from their families at the Mexico border during his first term, when images of babies and toddlers taken from the arms of mothers sparked global condemnation. The Trump administration and its anti-immigration backers see “unprecedented success” and Trump’s top border adviser Tom Homan told reporters in April that “we’re going to keep doing it, full speed ahead.” WATCH LIVE: Noem testifies on global security threats to the U.S. in House hearing Three families separated by migration enforcement in recent months told The Associated Press that their dreams of better, freer lives had clashed with Washington’s new immigration policy and their existence is anguished without knowing if they will see their loved ones again. He got a work permit and a driver’s license and worked as an Uber driver in Miami, sharing homes with other immigrants so he could send money to relatives in Venezuela and Florida. READ MORE: Trump’s push for mass deportation hits child care workers, who are already facing shortages Pasedo says it was a case of mistaken identity by agents hunting for a suspect in their shared housing. “He told me he was going to see him grow up and walk.” But within a few days, Edgar was detained on a 2016 warrant for driving without a license in Homestead, the small agricultural city where he lived in South Florida.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/video/catastrophic-flooding-forces-emergency-rescues-pacific-northwest-128317977
Article: 'Catastrophic' flooding forces emergency rescues in the Pacific Northwest Up to 100,000 people in Washington state could be ordered to evacuate amid a threat of "catastrophic" flooding from an atmospheric river event, officials said.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/11/how-cramer-is-approaching-two-ai-stocks-after-oracle-report-roils-market.html
Article: The Dow Jones Industrial Average touched a fresh record high this morning, while the S & P 500 tumbled following Oracle's disappointing earnings report on Wednesday, which revived fears of an AI bubble. (On Wednesday, we raised our price target for GE Vernova to $800 per share from $700.) "That's really why we always say never chase a parabolic move," said Jeff Marks, director of portfolio analysis for the Club. See here for a full list of the stocks.) As a subscriber to the CNBC Investing Club with Jim Cramer, you will receive a trade alert before Jim makes a trade.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/11/openai-intros-new-ai-model-gpt-5point2-says-better-at-professional-tasks.html
Article: Open AI CEO Sam Altman speaks during a talk session with SoftBank Group CEO Masayoshi Son at an event titled "Transforming Business through AI" in Tokyo, Japan, on February 03, 2025. "We announced this code red to really signal to the company that we want to martial resources in one particular area, and that's a way to really define priorities and define things that can be deprioritized," Fidji Simo, CEO of applications at OpenAI, told reporters in a briefing on Thursday. "We have had an increase in resources focused on ChatGPT in general, I would say that helps with the release of this model, but that's not the reason it's coming out this week in particular." OpenAI said GPT-5.2 will be available in Instant, Thinking and Pro versions. Instant is faster at writing and information seeking, Thinking is better at structured work like coding and planning and Pro will deliver the most accurate answers for difficult questions, OpenAI said. "While we are proud that we are able to have a cadence of releasing models fast, this particular integration has been in the works for a while." WATCH: The AI pressure cooker: OpenAI, Nvidia and Google all on the move

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/11/austrian-lawmakers-pass-headscarf-ban-for-under-14s-in?traffic_source=rss
Article: Lawmakers passed the new legislation on Thursday by a large majority, meaning that girls younger than 14 will not be permitted to wear headscarves that “cover the head in accordance with Islamic traditions” in all schools, with non-compliance fines ranging from 150 to 800 euros ($175-930). Recommended Stories list of 2 items list 1 of 2 UK Muslims report vandalism, attacks amid controversial flag campaign UK Muslims report vandalism, attacks amid controversial flag campaign list 2 of 2 My Hijab, My Choice end of list In 2019, the country introduced a ban on headscarves for under-10s in primary schools, but the Constitutional Court struck it down the following year, ruling that it was illegal because it discriminated against Muslims, going against the state’s duty to be religiously neutral. The new law, which was proposed by the governing coalition of three centrist parties at a time of rising anti-immigration and Islamophobic sentiment, was also backed by the far-right Freedom Party, which wanted it to go even further so it would apply to all students and staff. Angelika Atzinger, managing director of the Amazone women’s rights association, said a headscarf ban would send girls “the message that decisions are being made about their bodies and that this is legitimate”. Education Minister Christoph Wiederkehr of the Neos said young girls were coming under increasing pressure from their families, and also from unrelated young boys, who tell them what to wear for “religious reasons”. The Greens’ deputy parliamentary leader, Sigrid Maurer, agreed that this was a problem, and suggested interdisciplinary teams, including representatives of the Muslim community, be set up to intervene in schools when “cultural tensions” flare.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/mlb/dodgers-star-announces-exciting-personal-news-11191354
Article: Betts, a star for the Dodgers who has brought winning back to Hollywood, has become an investor in Home Run Dugout, a baseball entertainment company, and will serve as a brand ambassador and chair of its Athlete Advisory Board. More news: Yankees Interested in Trading For Rangers $325 Million Star in Blockbuster Deal Home Run Dugout is a soft-toss batting cage that offers a casual experience for fans to feel the thrill of connecting a bat to a ball. That’s what drives me with the 50/50 Foundation, giving every kid the same chance to fall in love with the game, no matter where they come from,” Betts said in a statement. They’re using incredibly unique technology and creativity to make baseball more fun, more social, and more accessible.” More news: Blue Jays Manager Sends 5-Word Message on Dodgers’ Yoshinobu Yamamoto Company co-founder and president Tyler Bambrick highlighted that Betts' joy for baseball and the fun he has on the field make him a logical partner for the company.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/mangione-manhunt-cop-call-played-in-court-we-might-have-the-shooter-11194288
Article: Luigi Mangione's attorneys sought to block evidence seized during his arrest on suspicion of murdering UnitedHealthcare CEO Brian Thompson, as a lengthy pretrial hearing extended into a sixth day Thursday. The build up to his detainment was revealed in court on a recording, in which an officer informs NYPD counterparts: "We might have the shooter." Mangione, who has pleaded not guilty to state and federal charges over the slaying in December, 2024, appeared in a gray suit and light blue shirt for the ongoing evidence suppression hearing before Manhattan Supreme Court Judge Gregory Carro. William Hanelly testified Thursday that he initially believed it was highly unlikely Mangione, 27, would be in the Pennsylvania town five days after Thompson's high-profile slaying in Manhattan because a significant portion of 911 calls are made by people with mental illness. Still, he texted another officer to treat the call seriously and that he'd buy him a sandwich if the suspect at a nearby McDonald's proved to be the gunman sought in New York. Hanelly testified that he called a 911 call center in New York as he responded to the report of a sighting at McDonald's to inform NYPD officials about the potential breakthrough, ABC News reported. He also said the person at the McDonald's matched "photos that your department put out." Mangione listened in court as prosecutors played the recording publicly for the first time, ABC News reported. An initial search led to the discovery of a loaded magazine for a gun, prompting Hanelly to instruct another officer to repack the bag due to contamination concerns and worries about the incident unfolding in public, he testified. Attorneys for Mangione want to block evidence seized during his arrest at the fast-food restaurant on December 9, 2024, including notes prosecutors say show his intent to avoid capture following Thompson's slaying, as well as a 9 mm handgun that allegedly matches the weapon used to kill the 50-year-old health care CEO, a loaded magazine, a silencer and a notebook that purportedly detailed his intention to kill a health insurance executive. "Luigi Mangione’s murder of Brian Thompson—an innocent man and father of two young children—was a premeditated, cold-blooded assassination that shocked America," Attorney General Pam Bondi said in a statement in April. "After careful consideration, I have directed federal prosecutors to seek the death penalty in this case as we carry out President Trump’s agenda to stop violent crime and Make America Safe Again." Testimony in the hearing, which only applies to Mangione's state case, is expected to conclude next week, with Carro likely to issue a ruling on the evidence sometime in January.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nba/lakers-get-brutal-update-on-highly-coveted-68-million-trade-target-11196496
Article: Their recent performance against the San Antonio Spurs on Wednesday proved why they are ranked 21st in that category, as they allowed the Spurs to shoot 50 percent from the field and 45 percent from three. “While Lakers fans can fantasize about some all-out liquidation of the three-win Pelicans’ roster, team and league sources tell The Athletic that New Orleans is not interested in moving Jones. And considering what LA would have to offer in a deal, expiring contracts and a single first-round pick, the Pelicans almost certainly wouldn’t engage at that price point.” Jones has been linked to the Lakers for some time, and there appeared to be a chance that LA could somehow land the 27-year-old. The former Alabama Crimson Tide brings the versatility, length and discipline that Los Angeles has been searching for — the kind of stopper who can immediately elevate their perimeter defense and take pressure off their stars.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/polar-vortex-map-shows-states-icy-blast-11194841
Article: A strong blast of Arctic air will drive temperatures sharply lower from the Midwest to the interior Northeast this weekend, bringing the season's coldest weather so far for many, forecasters say. According to AccuWeather meteorologists, this deep freeze will ease before Christmas, “as a shifting pattern allows warmer air to return to the central and eastern United States.” “There is a massive area of air in northwestern Canada where temperatures are 20 to 30 degrees below zero Fahrenheit, and it is on its way southeastward into the U.S.,” AccuWeather chief on-air meteorologist Bernie Rayno said in an advisory shared with Newsweek on Thursday. Next week, the Arctic outbreak is set to retreat, allowing temperatures to rebound and snow cover to shrink, AccuWeather said, adding that the harsh conditions are not expected to last through the holiday period.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nfl/dallas-cowboys-predicted-aggressive-coaching-change-11196634
Article: The Dallas Cowboys have not had the kind of 2025 NFL season they were hoping to produce and enter Week 15 action with a 6-6-1 record with their playoff hopes hanging on for dear life. Read more: Vikings’ Future With JJ McCarthy Takes Turn Amid New Speculation With that being said, the most likely scenario is that the Cowboys will miss the playoffs once again. The front office can preach all of the regular season 'we need consistency' kumbaya stuff to keep the peace, but Thursday's loss should've cemented the need for the Cowboys to move in a different direction in 2026," Drummond wrote.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/ncaa/pat-mcafee-makes-big-announcement-ahead-of-college-football-playoff-11196486
Article: On Thursday’s episode of "The Pat McAfee Show," McAfee revealed that for Saturday’s game between the Hurricanes and Aggies, they’ll be doing one of their popular Field Pass broadcasts from College Station—a tradition McAfee has brought to fans several times over the past few years as post up live from the sideline.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/mlb/braves-sign-free-agent-closer-to-45-million-3-year-contract-reports-11196607
Article: Suarez was an All-Star closer for the San Diego Padres the last two years — and the best reliever still available on the market after Edwin Diaz, Raisel Iglesias, Devin Williams and Ryan Helsley all agreed to new contracts in free agency. More news: Mets Considering Yankees Free Agent as Pete Alonso Replacement: Report According to Will Sammon of The Athletic, Suarez's contract guarantees $13 million in 2026, $16 million in 2027, and $16 million in 2028. Even after re-signing Iglesias — who finished an NL-leading 57 games last year and saved 29 in 2025 — the Braves had reportedly pushed to sign Williams before he agreed to terms with the rival Mets. More news: Mets Lose All-Star Outfielder to AL East Club in Free Agency Now they will tie their fortunes to Suarez as they look to regain their prominence in the National League East. That will pose a change in roles for Suarez, who remained the primary closer in San Diego in August and September after the Padres made a blockbuster trade for All-Star closer Mason Miller at the July deadline.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/nation-world/lil-turtles-tomato-soup-recall-see-where/507-3ccfe70b-ff5f-4cf8-9879-98bce2c9045e
Article: Ohio-based wholesaler Lil' Turtles voluntarily recalled all lots of its Grandma Belle’s Tomato Basil Soup for misbranding due to the milk allergen not being declared on the label, according to the announcement on the FDA website. According to the recall, it was not sold at any major grocery store chains and was instead available for purchase at local markets and retail stores in Illinois, Indiana, Iowa, Kansas, Kentucky, Minnesota, Mississippi, Missouri, New York, Ohio, Oklahoma, Pennsylvania, Utah and Wisconsin. According to the announcement, the recalled soup was specifically available at these stores: Countryside Variety, Buncombe, IL 62912 Dented Can, Goshen, IN 46526 Sommher’s Bakery, Gosport, IN 47433 Golden Delight Bakery, Kalona, IA 52247 Jet Produce, Leavenworth, KS 66048 Creekside Pantry, London, KY 40741 Cherry Grove Market, Browerville, MN 56438 45 Flea Market, Meridian, MS 39305 Sunnyside Market, El Dorado, MO 64744 The Olde Bat Factory, Hancock, NY 13783 Shadyview Farm, Rushville, NY 14544 Beef and Butter Company, Rochester, NY 14623 Hymers Farm Market, Delhi, NY Troyers Country Store, Canastota, NY 13032 Baltic Meats, Baltic, OH 43804 Trailside Deli, Millersburg, OH 44654 Randles Cheese, Millersburg, OH 44654 Wesley Miller, Sugarcreek, OH 44681 Bambi Farm Market, Orient, OH 74337 Baker Florist, Dover, OH 44622 Jungle Jim, Cincinnati, OH 45254 Becks Market, Greenville, OH 45331 Amish Cheesehouse, Chouteau, OK 74337 Martins House Country Store, Davis, OK 73030 Indian Trail Country Market, Elizabethville, PA 17023 Burger Farms, Drums, PA 18222 Paul’s Country Market, Waynesboro, PA 17268 Applecreek Willard, Willard, UT 84340 Hecks Farm Market, Arena, WI 53503

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/12/11/g-s1-101702/us-japan-military-china-tensions
Article: and Japan flex military muscles in a show of force amid Tokyo's feud with Beijing toggle caption Japan's Ministry of Defense/AP SEOUL, South Korea — The United States sent nuclear-capable bombers, accompanied by Japanese fighter jets over the Sea of Japan in the first military show of force by the two allies since a bitter feud erupted between Japan and China last month. not to tolerate unilateral changes to the status quo by force," Japan's Joint Staff said in a statement — language that Japan often uses to refer to the status of Taiwan, a self-governed island that China claims as part of its territory. Sponsor Message The Trump administration had not criticized China over the dispute with Japan until this week, when the State Department told Reuters, "China's actions are not conducive to regional peace and stability," and the administration's "commitment to our ally Japan is unwavering." The State Department did not immediately respond to NPR's request for comment.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/politics/watch-rep-thompson-calls-on-noem-to-resign-for-making-america-less-safe
Article: Bennie Thompson, the ranking Democrat on the Homeland Security Committee, told Homeland Security Secretary Kristi Noem on Thursday that she has diverted vast resources to carry out President Donald Trump’s “extreme” immigration agenda, and failed to provide basic responses to oversight questions from Congress.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/nation/architects-of-ai-named-time-magazines-2025-person-of-the-year
Article: “We’ve named not just individuals but also groups, more women than our founders could have imagined (though still not enough), and, on rare occasions, a concept: the endangered Earth, in 1988, or the personal computer, in 1982,” wrote Sam Jacobs, the editor-in-chief, in an explanation of the choice. “The drama surrounding the selection of the PC over Apple’s Steve Jobs later became the stuff of books and a movie.” The magazine was deliberate in selecting people — the “individuals who imagined, designed, and built AI” — rather than the technology itself, though there would have been some precedent for that. “For delivering the age of thinking machines, for wowing and worrying humanity, for transforming the present and transcending the possible, the Architects of AI are TIME’s 2025 Person of the Year,” Time said in a social media post. The “Architects of AI” were named Time’s person of the year Thursday, with the magazine citing 2025 as when the potential of artificial intelligence “roared into view” with no turning back. One of the cover images resembling the “Lunch Atop a Skyscraper” photograph from the 1930s shows eight tech leaders sitting on the beam: Meta CEO Mark Zuckerberg, AMD CEO Lisa Su, Tesla CEO Elon Musk, Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang, OpenAI CEO Sam Altman, the CEO of Google’s DeepMind division Demis Hassabis, Anthropic CEO Dario Amodei and AI pioneer Fei-Fei Li, who launched her own startup World Labs last year. Five of the eight people selected — Musk, Zuckerberg, Huang, Altman and Su — are already billionaires with a collective fortune of $870 billion, based on the latest estimates compiled by Forbes magazine. It made sense for Time to anoint AI because 2025 was the year that it shifted from “a novel technology explored by early adopters to one where a critical mass of consumers see it as part of their mainstream lives,” Thomas Husson, principal analyst at research firm Forrester, said by email. “Leading AI companies are working feverishly to replace humans in every facet of life, and they’re not being shy about it,” said Anthony Aguirre, executive director of the nonprofit Future of Life Institute, which works on AI safety issues. “The impact on our society could be catastrophic if there are no guardrails protecting what’s human, and most important to us.” WATCH: AI content supercharges confusion and spreads misleading information, critics warn AI was a leading contender for the top slot, according to prediction markets, along with Huang and Altman. Pope Leo XIV, the first American pope whose election this year followed the death of Pope Francis, was also considered a contender, with Trump, Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and New York Mayor-elect Zohran Mamdani topping lists as well. After winning his second bid for the White House, Trump was named 2024’s person of the year by the magazine, succeeding Taylor Swift, who was the 2023 person of the year.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Business/wireStory/senators-seek-change-bill-allows-military-operate-dc-128318999
Article: Senators from both parties are pushing to change a defense bill after crash investigators and victims' families warned it could undo key safety reforms Senators seek to change bill that allows military to operate just like before the DC plane crash A plane takes off from Ronald Reagan Washington National Airport as Roberto Marquez of Dallas places flowers at a memorial of crosses he erected for the 67 victims of a midair collision between an Army helicopter and an American Airlines jet, Feb. (AP Photo/Carolyn Kaster, File) A plane takes off from Ronald Reagan Washington National Airport as Roberto Marquez of Dallas places flowers at a memorial of crosses he erected for the 67 victims of a midair collision between an Army helicopter and an American Airlines jet, Feb. (AP Photo/Carolyn Kaster, File) Senators from both parties pushed Thursday for changes to a massive defense bill after crash investigators and victims' families warned the legislation would undo key safety reforms stemming from a collision between an airliner and Army helicopter over Washington, D.C., that killed 67 people. The head of the National Transportation Safety Board investigating the crash, a group of the victims' family members and senators on the Commerce Committee all said the bill the House advanced Wednesday would make America's skies less safe. Ted Cruz filed two amendments Thursday to strip out the worrisome helicopter safety provisions and replace them with a bill they introduced last summer to strengthen requirements, but it’s not clear if Republican leadership will allow the National Defense Authorization Act to be changed at this stage because that would delay its passage. Right now, the bill includes exceptions that would allow military helicopters to fly through the crowded airspace around the nation's capital without using a key system called ADS-B to broadcast their locations just like they did before the January collision. This is shameful.” The military used national security waivers before the crash to skirt FAA safety requirements on the grounds that they worried about the security risks of disclosing their helicopters’ locations. Tim and Sheri Lilley, whose son Sam was the first officer on the American Airlines jet, said this bill only adds “a window dressing fix that would continue to allow for the setting aside of requirements with nothing more than a cursory risk assessment.” Homendy said it would be ridiculous to entrust the military with assessing the safety risks when they aren't the experts, and neither the Army nor the FAA noticed 85 close calls around Ronald Reagan National Airport in the years before the crash. She said the military doesn't know how to do that kind of risk assessment, adding that no one writing the bill bothered to consult the experts at the NTSB who do know. But earlier this week Trump made it clear that he wants to sign the National Defense Authorization Act because it advances a number of his priorities and provides a 3.8% pay raise for many military members. But Congress is leaving for a holiday break at the end of the week, and the defense bill is considered something that must pass by the end of the year.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Technology/wireStory/el-salvador-teams-elon-musks-xai-bring-ai-128319077
Article: El Salvador President Nayib Bukele says his administration is partnering with Elon Musk’s AI company xAI to bring artificial intelligence into more than 5,000 public schools El Salvador teams up with Elon Musk's xAI to bring AI to 5,000 public schools By The Associated Press SAN SALVADOR, El Salvador -- El Salvador President Nayib Bukele said Thursday that his administration is partnering with Elon Musk’s artificial intelligence company xAI to bring artificial intelligence into more than 5,000 public schools. In a statement Thursday, xAI said that its Grok chatbot will bring “personalized learning to over one million students” by creating tutoring “that adjusts to each student’s pace, preferences, and mastery level — ensuring every child, from urban centers to rural communities, receives world-class education tailored to their needs.” Bukele said in the statement that El Salvador would be “pioneering AI-driven education.” Last month, Bukele announced a partnership with Google to launch a mobile app that would allow Salvadorans to access free virtual medical consultations with doctors that would be assisted by AI.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/11/case-for-more-fed-rate-cuts-could-rest-on-systemic-overcount-of-jobs.html
Article: In the Federal Reserve's battle between fighting inflation and limiting unemployment, the latter side carried the day Wednesday and could also have an edge heading into 2026 if labor market weakness becomes more evident through an apparent overcounting of jobs numbers. In the immediate term, worries over the employment situation meant a vote, albeit divided by a 9-3 margin, to lower the central bank's key interest rate by a quarter percentage point. At his Wednesday news conference, Chair Jerome Powell mentioned several times that there likely has been negative job growth in recent months, a condition that would argue for easier monetary policy. So, I think you can say that the labor market has continued to cool gradually, just a touch more gradually than we thought." At issue is a monthly estimate the Bureau of Labor Statistics performs of how the labor market is affected by businesses closing and opening. In "a world where job creation is negative, I just think we need to watch that situation very carefully and be in a position where we're not pushing down job creation with our policy," Powell said. Six of the 19 participants said they opposed the latest rate cut — two of them were among the 12 who vote — and seven indicated they don't see the need for any reductions next year, according to the "dot plot" of individual expectations. Market sees more cuts Should the view hold that inflation is subsiding and the labor market is stumbling, the Fed would then be expected to tilt toward an easing bias, particularly with Powell leaving his position as chair in May. "With the Fed's most influential members keeping a keen eye on the unemployment rate, we think that as long as labor demand wanes and [the] unemployment rate increases, the path will be cleared for additional cuts, despite the vocal opposition from the hawks," Natixis economist Christopher Hodge said in a note. "Because we see the unemployment rate rising through Q1 2026, we think the Fed will continuing cutting to arrest further softening in the labor market," Hodge added, noting that "we think a cut in January is more likely than not." Stocks rallied Wednesday and Thursday amid hopes that the rhetoric out of the FOMC was not as hawkish as feared. Traders also are putting odds on two reductions in 2026, which is more aggressive than the dot-plot indication of one, with even a 41% probability of three moves, according to the CME Group's FedWatch measure.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/11/broadcom-results-due-after-thursday-close-what-top-analysts-expect.html
Article: Shares of Broadcom have jumped in recent weeks on news of potential partnerships and enthusiasm around its custom chip, or application-specific integrated circuits (ASICs) business, a growing market in AI chips. The analyst sees "sustained strong AI fundamentals combined with aggressive synergy/value creation in the software business," but his 12-month, $400 price target is a fraction below where the stock is currently trading. Looking ahead, analysts at UBS and Jefferies expect strong guidance for Broadcom's custom chips business, driven partly by momentum from Google's latest TPU chip, Ironwood, and new customers such as OpenAI, which has a partnership with Broadcom to launch its first AI chip in 2026, according to a Financial Times report in early September. Some analysts think Meta Platforms could add another leg to the momentum in Broadcom's custom chips business, given that the Mark Zuckerberg company is reportedly considering using Google's TPUs in its own data centers. Take a look at what top Wall Street firms are saying about Broadcom's latest quarter: UBS: Buy rating, $472 price target "We model AVGO's AI business reaching $6.5B in Jan Q as custom compute continues to grow high teens Q/Q driven by the strong ramp of Ironwood ... We think AVGO may use this opportunity to clarify the debate on AVGO's "Customer 4" rack-scale program, and the company may also shine more light on the OpenAI partnership given its ramp is getting close. "More important than the near term dynamic is the co's longer-term outlook on its XPU business, with AVGO expecting an acceleration of growth in FY26 due to an expansion from 3 to 4 XPU customers (maybe now 5 after the Open AI announcement...) and the recovery of its non-AI-related cyclical business (with its total backlog rising to $110b). Additionally, the proliferation of the TPU as a potential merchant processor sold by Google to hyperscale and neocloud customers presents a potentially expanding TAM opportunity for AVGO." JPMorgan: Overweight, $400 "We expect the team to drive ~$20-21B+ (up 60% Y/Y) in AI revenues in FY25 on a continued strong ramp of Google's TPU AI processor, continued ramp up of its other AI ASIC programs (e.g. Looking ahead, we expect the team to drive $50B+ in AI revenues in FY26 as new products/programs ramp (Meta MTIA 3nm ASIC program, upside shipments on current generation TPUv6 3nm – Ironwood, start of ramp of TPUv7 3nm, and Softbank/ARM and OpenAI 2nm/3nm ASICs) and the team's next-gen Tomahawk 6 networking ramp," analyst Harlan Sur said in a Dec. "The non-AI semi business should continue to gradually improve on improving cyclical trends in broadband/storage/enterprise." Jefferies: Buy, $480 "We return to AVGO as our top pick as we see the larger upside to estimates as ASICs hit an inflection point.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/11/financial-therapist-the-most-important-factor-to-curb-overspending.html
Article: When individuals try to rein in their impulsive spending, they often go to one of two extremes: chaos or rigidity, Jaelyn Vickery, a certified financial therapist who specializes in the psychology of consumption, tells CNBC Make It. Chaos can look like saying, "Well, I already messed up, so I might as well just go all the way off the deep end," and continue to overspend, she says.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/11/trump-halligan-comey-james-senate-virginia.html
Article: A spokesperson for the Judiciary panel's Republican majority told CNBC in a statement, "The Committee has not received blue slips" from Virginia's senators, Tim Kaine and Mark Warner, who are both Democrats. Judiciary Chairman Chuck Grassley, R-Iowa, has called the practice "a fundamental example of our system of checks and balances" that "prevents one party from jamming through nominees who don't align with the values in the communities they would serve." The Judiciary spokesperson said that Grassley "wants President Trump's nominees to be successful." Halligan had no prior prosecutorial experience when Trump tapped her to lead the U.S. She previously worked as a lawyer for Trump on a federal criminal case in Florida, where he was accused of illegally retaining classified documents, and on Trump's defamation case against CNN. Attorneys approved to serve in any state where there is even a single Democrat Senator." "If they say no, then it is OVER for that very well qualified Republican candidate," Trump wrote on Truth Social.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/11/trump-quarter-coin-pilgrim-suffragettes-civil-rights.html
Article: Instead, the Mint's five finalized designs for the 25-cent coin spotlight: Pilgrims and the Mayflower George Washington and the Revolutionary War Thomas Jefferson and the Liberty Bell James Madison and Independence Hall Abraham Lincoln and a quote from the Gettysburg Address Acting Mint Director Kristie McNally said in a press release that the selected designs "depict the story of America's journey toward a 'more perfect union,' and celebrate America's defining ideals of liberty." "We hope to offer each American the opportunity to hold our nation's storied 250 years of history in the palms of their hands," McNally said. Mint produced its last-ever penny last month after more than 230 years in circulation, citing increasing production costs and a decline in physical cash usage amid the rise in electronic payment options.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/video/on-the-record/2025/12/11/aje-onl-otr_zarif-full-iv-111225?traffic_source=rss
Article: On the Record Nuclear ambition, proxies & defiance: Iran’s former top diplomat In this episode of On the Record, Al Jazeera’s Ali Hashem is joined by Iran’s former foreign minister, Mohammad Javad Zarif.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/11/bangladesh-sets-february-election-after-year-of-political-upheaval?traffic_source=rss
Article: Bangladesh will hold a parliamentary election on February 12, authorities said, in what would be the country’s first national vote since last year’s student-led uprising that removed former Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina. In a televised address on Thursday, the chief election commissioner AMM Nasir Uddin confirmed the date and said a national referendum on political reforms would also be held on the same day. A new political force, the National Citizen Party, formed by student leaders who helped organise the 2024 uprising, lags behind, struggling to convert its street mobilisation into a nationwide electoral base.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/politics/congress/senate-rejects-aca-funding-republican-alternative-premiums-set-spike-rcna248497
Article: The failed votes raise the likelihood that enhanced Obamacare subsidies passed in 2021 will expire at the end of this year and cause premiums to double on average for some 22 million Americans who benefit from that funding. “Democrats may talk about helping Americans, but their bill is nothing more than a political messaging exercise that they hope they can use against Republicans next November,” Senate Majority Leader John Thune, R-S.D., said Thursday. It would allow adults earning under 700% of the federal poverty level to access $1,000 per year in a tax-advantaged HSA if they’re younger than 50, rising to $1,500 per year for those aged 50 to 64. “Under the Republican plan, the big idea is essentially to hand people about $80 a month and wish them good luck,” Schumer said before the vote, saying the only viable plans to access that money have deductibles of $7,000 or more. No vote has been scheduled yet, and some swing district Republicans have signed on to two "discharge petitions" to defy Speaker Mike Johnson, R-La., and force a vote on extending ACA money.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/politics/politics-news/venezuela-oil-tanker-seized-rcna248678
Article: The Trump administration plans to seize the oil aboard a tanker captured near Venezuela this week, the White House said Thursday, calling the ship a "sanctioned shadow" vessel associated with the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps. White House Press Secretary Karoline Leavitt said the oil tanker is tied to black-market oil activity and currently undergoing a forfeiture process which includes interviews with those on board and the seizure of relevant evidence. "However, there is a legal process for the seizure of that oil, and that legal process will be followed." President Donald Trump announced to reporters on Wednesday that the tanker had been seized but did not provide details. It was Attorney General Pam Bondi who, hours later, identified the ship as a tanker that had been previously sanctioned "due to its involvement in an illicit oil shipping network supporting foreign terrorist organizations." When asked about what the U.S. The Adisa was owned through shell companies linked to network facilitator Viktor Artemov and used to transport oil on behalf of the smuggling network, according to a 2022 sanctions note from the Treasury. "It has always been about our natural wealth, our oil, our energy, the resources that belong exclusively to the Venezuelan people." The Skipper's seizure comes as tensions escalate between Venezuela and the U.S., with the Trump administration targeting alleged drug vessels in the Caribbean. Ford, which carries squadrons of fighter jets and guided-missile destroyers, was sent to the region last month in what was seen as a pressure tactic against Venezuelan President Nicolás Maduro.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/health/kids-health/cdc-covid-shot-study-protects-health-kids-severe-illness-rcna248683
Article: A Centers for Disease Control and Prevention study released Thursday finds that Covid vaccines continue to protect healthy children from severe illness — a conclusion top federal health officials have questioned in recent months. From late August 2024 to early September 2025, the vaccines reduced the risk of Covid-related emergency room and urgent care visits by 76% among children ages 9 months to 4 years, and by 56% among children ages 5-17, according to the study. Children included in the study had various levels of immunity from prior Covid vaccines and infections, so the study solely looked at added protection from 2024-2025 Covid vaccines, the authors wrote. It comes amid widespread concern from public health experts that the CDC has lost scientific credibility, as well as claims from former high-ranking staffers that the agency’s political leaders have interfered with scientific research. Then in September, a group of vaccine advisors appointed by Kennedy similarly voted not to universally recommend Covid shots, instead suggesting that people talk to their doctor about the benefits of getting vaccinated. Two Food and Drug Administration officials, commissioner Marty Makary and vaccine chief Vinay Prasad, said the benefits of Covid boosters were “uncertain” in a New England Journal of Medicine editorial published in May. In a memo last month to agency staff, Prasad claimed that Covid shots have killed at least 10 children and that “we do not have reliable data” on the vaccines’ benefits in healthy kids. Twelve former FDA commissioners denounced the claims, writing in the New England Journal of Medicine that “substantial evidence shows that vaccination can reduce the risk of severe disease and hospitalization in many children and adolescents.”

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/nation-world/ozzy-osbournes-final-moments-sharon-osbourne-interview/507-792af2da-51d6-422e-8916-eef1eac8c481
Article: "I'm already bloody awake he'd woken me up and he said 'kiss me' and then he said 'hug me tight.'" Sharon said after that the legendary rocker went to work out and had a heart attack about 20 minutes later. Sharon also revealed that Ozzy's final performance in Birmingham was done "against doctors' orders" as he had been very ill throughout the year, with multiple bouts of pneumonia and even sepsis. I want to do it and I'm doing it.'" Sharon said that after the July performance, he had "been so happy." "And for two weeks, he was really, like, every day was sunshine for him.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/local/collin-county/cannon-beach-mckinney-texas-resort/287-47996d33-75ee-4138-b8de-625a8365b51b
Article: The mixed-use project, called Cannon Beach, located at the northeast corner of Stacy Road and State Highway 121, will feature a three-acre surf lagoon, lazy river, mineral hot springs circuit, full-service resort hotel, and a mix of dining, entertainment, and business spaces. Here is a look at the renderings of the project: PHOTOS: A look at Cannon Beach, $200M surf and adventure resort coming to McKinney 1/12 2/12 3/12 4/12 5/12 6/12 7/12 8/12 9/12 10/12 11/12 12/12 1 / 12 “This groundbreaking marks an important moment for our city’s future. The project brings new energy to McKinney, supporting growth that provides residents with more activities to enjoy while opening new avenues for local businesses to serve visitors and benefit from the increased activity this destination will attract,” said McKinney Mayor Bill Cox. “The City of McKinney is grateful for the dedication of everyone involved in guiding it forward and excited to see the positive impact it will have as it comes to life.” Project officials say Cannon Beach is projected to create more than 700 jobs, welcome 400,000 visitors annually, and generate more than $2 billion in economic impact over the next 20 years.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/nation-world/charlie-kirk-murder-suspect-first-in-person-court-appearance/507-4a43cbf0-4787-4bb9-9f5a-e925de5a00f6
Article: SALT LAKE CITY — Lawyers for the 22-year-old Utah man charged with killing Charlie Kirk are due in court Thursday as they push to further limit media access in the high-profile criminal case. A Utah judge is weighing the public's right to know details in Tyler Robinson's case against his attorneys' concerns that the swarm of media attention could interfere with his right to a fair trial. The media presence at Utah hearings is already limited, with judges often designating one photographer and one videographer to document a hearing and share their images with other news organizations. Kirk’s widow, Erika Kirk, has called for full transparency, saying, “We deserve to have cameras in there.” Her husband was an ally of President Donald Trump who worked to steer young voters toward conservatism. Robinson's legal team says his pretrial publicity reaches as far as the White House, with Trump announcing soon after Robinson’s arrest, “With a high degree of certainty, we have him,” and “I hope he gets the death penalty.” Attorney Kathy Nester has raised concern that digitally altered versions of Robinson's initial court photo have spread widely, creating misinformation about the case.

Link: https://abc13.com/post/wouldnt-give-prison-entrepreneurship-program-works-keep-inmates-reoffending-returning/18273396/
Article: 'I wouldn't give up on him': Nonprofit works to keep inmates from reoffending Prisoners in Cleveland, Texas, are graduating from a nonprofit mentorship program aimed at keeping them from reoffending. "They're like, 'Daddy, we're so excited, we can't sleep.' I said, 'I can't sleep, either.' 'I don't even know what to wear, Daddy.' I said, 'Well, I know what I'm going to wear,'" Hernandez laughed. "I'm not trying to be somebody anymore, I am that person, and it's beautiful." "I care about him, and I wish he could do better, and he's doing better, "Johnny's father, Eugenio Castaneda, said. "I kind of keep a piece of that pain in me to remind myself what kind of pain I caused myself, my family, and anybody who loves me in any kind of way," Johnny Castaneda said.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/politics/mypillow-founder-and-trump-ally-mike-lindell-to-run-for-minnesota-governor-in-2026
Article: “And now I want you to know that I will stand for you as governor of the state of Minnesota.” Lindell made the announcement at a news conference at his MyPillow factory in the Minneapolis suburb of Shakopee that he streamed live on his Lindell TV conservative news platform. (AP) — Mike Lindell, the fervent supporter of President Donald Trump known to TV viewers as the “MyPillow Guy,” officially entered the race for Minnesota governor Thursday in hopes of winning the Republican nomination to challenge Democratic Gov. But he declined to predict whether he will get the president’s endorsement, which could carry a lot of weight with the grassroots Republicans who will attend the state party’s convention next year. But he and his company faced a string of legal and financial setbacks after he became a leading amplifier of Trump’s false claims that he really won the 2020 election. “I was able to make it through the biggest attack on a company, and a person, probably other than Donald Trump, in the history of our media … lawfare and everything.” Lindell said he has a record of solving problems and personal experiences that will help businesses and fight addiction and homelessness as well as fraud in government programs. Democrats quick to criticize Lindell’s entry into the race “Lindell has made a name for himself kissing up to Donald Trump and pushing far-right conspiracy theories, especially around the 2020 presidential election results — not to mention selling subpar pillows,” the Walz campaign said in a statement. “He’s a snake oil salesman caught up in multiple legal fights who wants to bring Trump extremism to Minnesota.” WATCH: Fraud scandals and Trump’s rhetoric escalate fears in Minnesota’s Somali community While no Republican has won statewide office in Minnesota since 2006, the state’s voters have a history of making unconventional choices. His Lindell TV platform was in the news in November when it became one of several conservative outlets that became credentialed to cover the Pentagon after agreeing to a restrictive new press policy rejected by virtually all legacy media organizations. Smartmatic says it’s seeking “nine-figure damages.” A Colorado jury in June found that Lindell defamed a former Dominion Voting Systems executive by calling him a traitor, and awarded $2.3 million in damages. But Lindell won a victory in July when a federal appeals court overturned a judge’s decision that affirmed a $5 million arbitration award to a software engineer who disputed data that Lindell claimed proved Chinese interference in the 2020 election.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Entertainment/wireStory/eurovision-champion-nemo-returns-winners-trophy-protest-israels-128319773
Article: Swiss singer Nemo, who won the 2024 Eurovision Song Contest, has decided to return the winners' trophy FILE - Nemo of Switzerland, celebrates after winning the Grand Final of the Eurovision Song Contest in Malmo, Sweden, on May 12, 2024. (AP Photo/Martin Meissner, File) GENEVA -- Swiss singer Nemo, who won the 2024 Eurovision Song Contest, said Thursday they will return the winner's trophy because Israel is being allowed to compete in the politically troubled pop music competition. In an Instagram video, Nemo held the microphone-shaped glass ornament and said “today I no longer feel like this trophy belongs on my shelf.” “Eurovision says it stands for unity, for inclusion and dignity for all people,” Nemo said, adding that Israel’s participation, given its conduct of the war against Hamas in Gaza, shows those ideals are at odds with organizers’ decisions. The nonbinary singer won the contest in May 2024 with pop-operatic ode “The Code.” Five countries have announced they will boycott the 2026 contest after organizers declined to expel Israel: Spain, the Netherlands, Ireland, Slovenia and Iceland. “When entire countries withdraw it should be clear that something is deeply wrong,” Nemo said before placing the trophy in a box they said would be sent to the Geneva headquarters of the European Broadcasting Union, which runs Eurovision. Opponents of Israel’s participation cite the war in Gaza, where more than 70,000 Palestinians have been killed, according to the territory’s Health Ministry, which operates under the Hamas-run government and whose detailed records are viewed as generally reliable by the international community.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/11/vaneck-turns-online-slang-into-strategy-with-degen-economy-etf.html
Article: The firm is renaming its gaming ETF (BJK) the "VanEck Degen Economy ETF," flipping the once-pejorative term into a marketing pitch for the boom in digital finance, gig platforms and online betting, according to a regulatory filing. Alongside the new name, the ETF will adopt a revamped benchmark index and a broad investment mandate meant to capture what VanEck calls the emerging "Degen Economy." "Degen," short for "degenerate," originated in gambling circles and later migrated into crypto and retail-trading communities as a tongue-in-cheek label for people making high-risk, often impulsive bets. Now the Degen ETF is expanding into companies earning at least 50% of revenue from "Millennial Finance" and "Gig Economy and Online Forums." "Millennial Finance" includes digital brokerages, neobanks, crypto exchanges and BNPL or buy now, pay later providers.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/11/single-income-households.html
Article: Over the years, societal and labor market changes, along with higher prices for everything from health care to higher education, have chipped away at the traditional makeup of the American family, which relied on a singular breadwinner to attain financial security. For starters, fewer couples are married compared to a generation ago and among married couples, both spouses are more likely to work, according to the Pew Research Center — by choice and necessity. "We used to be in this golden age where you could own a home, a car, and get by on a single income — that is a bygone era," Bankrate's economic analyst Sarah Foster told CNBC. when a married couple, with children, could get by with a single-wage earner in the house, those days are mostly vestiges of the past," according to Mark Hamrick, Bankrate's senior economic analyst. More workers are now part of the gig economy, which means they are less likely to have a sustained, predictable income or workplace benefits, he said, eroding long-term job stability: "If you are part of the gig economy, there's a tremendous amount of insecurity." Fewer gig workers — and even full-time employees — have a traditional pension and are increasingly responsible for funding their own retirement plans. "For workers without predictable hours or benefits, even a full-time schedule isn't enough to guarantee stable income or support a household on one paycheck," said Scott Winship, senior fellow at the American Enterprise Institute, a conservative public policy think tank.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/11/musk-says-spacex-report-of-2026-ipo-is-accurate.html
Article: The Axiom-4 mission, with a SpaceX Dragon spacecraft and Falcon 9 rocket, lifts off from Launch Complex 39A at NASA's Kennedy Space Center in Cape Canaveral, Florida, on June 25, 2025. Elon Musk responded to the latest report that SpaceX is going public in 2026, calling it "accurate." The article from Ars Technica's Eric Berger examined why this is the right time for Musk's space venture to IPO, and said the rise of artificial intelligence and opportunities for data centers in space play an important role in the move. Musk's comment comes after multiple news outlets said that SpaceX was looking to go public in 2026, with The Information and Wall Street Journal both reporting on the likeliness of an IPO last week, as well as a new share sale valuing the company at about $800 billion.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/11/dont-use-oracle-and-its-challenges-as-a-barometer-for-the-many-great-ai-stocks-we-own.html
Article: The magnitude of the stock decline was compounded by what management did not address on Wednesday evening's conference call, concerning OpenAI's ability to make good on its massive commitments to buy AI computing power from Oracle. Altman was asked directly about Oracle but deflected, saying OpenAI is growing its business quickly and future growth depends on more computing power, the kind it promised to buy from Oracle and others. "We see way more reasons to be optimistic than pessimistic." Altman alluded to future models in the works — and then hours after appearing on CNBC, OpenAI announced a new one . "[But] they don't have the kind of capital to do $50 billion." He added, "Oracle bit off a little more than it can chew." That's especially true when revenue in the reported fiscal 2026 second quarter of $16.06 billion missed analyst estimates at a time of surging demand for the kind of AI infrastructure capacity that Oracle provides – not to mention Oracle's fiscal Q2 free cash flow burn of nearly $10 billion, almost double the burn that was expected. On the call, Oracle Principal Financial Officer Doug Kehring said RPO growth was "driven by contracts signed with Meta , Nvidia , and others, as we continue to diversify our customer backlog." Kehring, meanwhile, downplayed concerns about Oracle's debt. In addition, there are other financing options through customers that may bring their own chips to be installed in our data centers and suppliers who may lease their chips rather than sell them." He continued, "Both of these options enable Oracle to synchronize our payments with our receipts and borrow substantially less than most people are modeling. As a foundational principle, we expect and are committed to maintaining our investment-grade debt rating." Bottom line The Oracle situation is concerning and warrants additional monitoring, as the company is not in the same position as the tech megacaps, many of which are in our portfolio, which generate enormous levels of positive free cash flow and can, therefore, fund their investments without massive borrowing. See here for a full list of the stocks.) As a subscriber to the CNBC Investing Club with Jim Cramer, you will receive a trade alert before Jim makes a trade.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/donald-trump-health-update-hand-bandages-white-house-11197079
Article: The White House on Thursday addressed a question about bandages visible on President Donald Trump’s hand, with spokesperson Karoline Leavitt saying they were the result of the president “constantly shaking hands." Leavitt said the Oval Office is" like Grand Central Terminal. He is meeting with more people than any of you even know about on a daily basis." Leavitt also said Trump's daily aspirin regiment could also be contributing to the bruising. Trump's press secretary was also asked the timing of recent cognitive tests that the president has said he has taken and "aced." Leavitt said she would provide that information at a later date.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/americans-tax-refund-1000-white-house-trump-11197189
Article: "Americans can expect another boost in their bank accounts in the months ahead," Leavitt said, adding that 2026 tax refunds are "projected to be the largest ever thanks to President [Donald] Trump's passage of the One Big Beautiful Bill." She went on to cite recent analysis from investment bank Piper Sandler, saying Americans refunds "could be about one-third larger than usual, or roughly an extra $1,000 per filer." This is a developing story and will be updated with additional information.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/nw-ai/ai-impact-the-cost-of-playing-it-safe-11197101
Article: Core Intelligence Photo-illustration by Newsweek/Getty For decades, the saying “Nobody ever got fired for buying IBM” captured the corporate instinct to minimize risk, signaling that caution, not reinvention, was the surest path to survival. AI Impact Awards & Summit The Newsweek AI Impact Awards seek to identify and recognize uniquely innovative AI solutions that solve critical business problems in different industry segments, or significantly advance capabilities. I stopped asking, ‘What insight can AI generate?’ and started asking, ‘What problem can AI eliminate before a human ever notices it?’ True transformation comes from orchestrating the mundane: predicting a bottleneck before it forms, reallocating equipment before someone goes searching, triggering Environmental Services automatically after a patient leaves or nudging staff at the exact right moment. “Nearly 90 percent of individuals are identified only after progressing to an acute phase, with almost half presenting in diabetic ketoacidosis, a preventable, life-threatening emergency,” said Holly Taylor, general manager of strategic partnerships at Lucem Health. Early detection can change the disease trajectory, but because early-stage T1D is asymptomatic, Taylor noted that the real barrier isn’t the test itself but the ability to make early detection scalable in routine clinical practice. Louis] is excited to be partnering with Lucem… Our goal, working alongside trusted partners, has been to radically alter the trajectory of our most vexing illnesses for the patients we serve,” said Dr. Context Window ■ AI is quietly reshaping SaaS from the inside, not through flashy new features, but via back-end engineering changes: legacy code modernization, architecture redesigns and productivity boosts for developer teams. [Newsweek] ■ A feature from World Economic Forum argues that the long-term success of AI agents depends not just on adoption but on building systems that remain understandable, accountable and governed, a growing tension as businesses race to embed AI across workflows. [The Washington Post] ■ The European Commission opened a formal antitrust investigation into Google over its use of publishers’ and creators’ online content (including YouTube) to train its AI models. [Financial Times] ■ IBM agreed to buy Confluent for $11 billion, aiming to boost its data and cloud capabilities, a sign that companies are racing to upgrade core infrastructure to keep up with AI demand. [Reuters] ■ New analysis warns of an emerging “AI velocity gap,” arguing that infrastructure is advancing far faster than enterprise adoption, and that a new class of “AI builders” will be needed to translate raw compute into real business value. Bratin Saha, formerly at AWS, NVIDIA and DigitalOcean, has been named CEO of NTT DATA AIVista, the newly established AI-native subsidiary of NTT DATA, where he’ll lead the company’s global efforts to build and scale enterprise-class AI-native businesses. Youngjun Choi, formerly the lead at the UPS Robotics AI Lab, has been named global robotics and physical AI leader at EY, where he will help lead the EY.ai Lab and drive the firm’s expansion into robotics-enabled, AI-powered enterprise solutions. Nilanjan (Neel) Adhya, previously BlackRock's chief digital officer and a longtime enterprise technology leader, has been appointed executive vice president and chief AI, data and analytics officer at Lincoln Financial, where he will embed AI and data capabilities across the firm when he joins on January 9, 2026. Gretchen Greene, an AI strategist and practicing lawyer, has been appointed chief of artificial intelligence strategy at Ropes & Gray, where she will guide firm-wide AI innovation and adoption across the AmLaw 25 firm’s global offices.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/mlb/padres-provide-fernando-tatis-jr-trade-update-11196992
Article: I think for us to get to where we want to get to, we need Fernando to be an A-lane, MVP, whatever kind of category you want to put on it. He can be that type of player.” For a general manager to come right out and say something that clear, it truly means the organization has no desire to trade him this winter.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/mlb/tarik-skubal-trade-rumors-take-dramatic-turn-after-mlb-winter-meetings-11196702
Article: Detroit Tigers ace Tarik Skubal was the talk of the town during the MLB Winter Meetings, especially since he only has one year left of team control before he hits free agency, putting his team in a bind. More news: Dodgers Star Announces Exciting Personal News Now, the Tigers face a serious conundrum — either trade him before losing him in free agency or keep him for another playoff push. Skubal would demand a serious trade package from a contending team that wants to make a big splash, and it will be hard for the Tigers to ignore those offers and keep him on the team. Entering the Winter Meetings, it seemed there was little buzz on Skubal getting dealt, with few reports indicating that they would be willing to move him or that a team was willing to pay the massive price tag. Here's what we know: Detroit Tigers president of baseball operations Scott Harris can shut down speculation by simply saying he is not trading Skubal and he has not done that," Castillo wrote in his story. Trading the best pitcher in baseball when you're trying to compete would upset the fan base, but the Tigers, knowing re-signing Skubal next winter is unlikely, appear open to it." More news: Andrew Friedman Reveals Dodgers’ Spending Power After Edwin Diaz Deal While Castillo did not list contenders for the ace, the Dodgers and Mets have been heavily linked to him, and both have the prospects to get a deal done.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nfl/chiefs-patrick-mahomes-face-concerning-injury-news-before-chargers-game-11196988
Article: The challenge is the timing, as the Los Angeles Chargers (9-4) come into Arrowhead on Sunday and the Chiefs (6-7) have virtually no room left to slip if they want to stay in the playoff hunt. Read More: Shedeur Sanders Viewed as Major Threat for Prestigious NFL Award Morris’ knee injury, sustained in Sunday’s loss to the Houston Texans, has been characterized by multiple outlets as season-ending, removing a rotational lineman who had been pressed into starting work this month. Taylor, a regular starter on the right side, is dealing with a triceps strain and lingering knee trouble; he missed last Sunday and was again listed as DNP on Thursday, leaving his status for Sunday’s matchup uncertain. Read More: Chiefs’ Xavier Worthy Breaks Silence on Justin Herbert-Laura Rutledge Incident Offensively, Mahomes has thrown for 3,398 passing yards and 22 touchdown passes with a QBR of 69.4, along with 407 rushing yards and four rushing TDs, giving the offense an added dimension. But the Texans game highlighted how protection issues can snowball into turnovers and stalled drives; Mahomes struggled in the loss (160 yards, three interceptions, no touchdowns), and the ongoing attrition up front only raises the risk of more breakdowns. For now, the Chiefs have no choice but to safeguard their quarterback with whatever personnel and schematic adjustments they can manage — beginning at left tackle, a position central to Mahomes’ protection.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/mlb/yankees-27-year-old-fan-favorite-gets-ominous-trade-market-update-11196970
Article: Any New York Yankees player who has a bad year is bound to spend the offseason wondering if they'll keep their spot, but it's rare that such things happen to returning All-Stars. Speculation began as soon as the Yankees' season ended that Chisholm could be traded under certain conditions, and now that the dominoes have begun to fall across the league in both free agency and the trade market, that possibility doesn't appear to have gone away. On Thursday, ESPN's Jeff Passan asserted his strong belief that at least one big-name second baseman in the majors would be traded this offseason, while reporting that the Yankees "had listened" to rival teams calling to inquire about Chisholm's availability. The Mets' overhaul could include moving Jeff McNeil." Of the names listed above, Passan seems to indicate that Chisholm being traded would be something of a surprise at this juncture. At the very least, it doesn't sound as though an extension for Chisholm is likely before his free agency next year, and if he's still around, one can bet the Yankees will thoroughly assess his fit for the roster after his age-28 season.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/americas-far-right-meet-at-white-nationalist-conference-11195263
Article: Why It Matters American Renaissance is designated as a hate group by the Southern Poverty Law Center, which describes it as “a self-styled think tank that promotes pseudo-scientific studies and research that purport to show the inferiority of Blacks to whites.” The organization, which characterizes its work as “white advocacy” and “race realism,” says: “We seek no advantages as whites — only the expression of preferences for our own people and culture that are taken for granted by people of other races but denied to us.” Understanding who attends American Renaissance conferences, and the beliefs they espouse, offers insight into the political ideology being promoted in these spaces. What To Know WCVB stood at the security checkpoint “in a public spot,” where they were able to overhear the names some guests were giving to security before being let in. The guest list at the Montgomery Bell State Park event included, according to WCVB, the following: Patriot Front’s Thomas Rousseau Rousseau founded the group Patriot Front, which was formed by disaffected members of a similar group, Vanguard America, in September 2017, following the "Unite the Right" rally in Charlottesville, Virginia, according to the Anti-Defamation League. “Foreign races have never successfully assimilated, in mass, into American culture and nationality.” “The truth of who is an American has not changed,” he added, “and the interests and sovereignty of that people motivate us entirely.” Newsweek has broken down everything you need to know about Rousseau and Patriotic Front here. Return to the Land’s Eric Orwoll Orwoll founded Return to the Land, a separatist whites-only community in Arkansas that describes itself as a “private membership association for individuals and families with traditional views and common continental ancestry.” Newsweek has contacted Orwoll via email for comment. Greg Johnson Johnson is a self-proclaimed white nationalist who is the editor-in-chief of Counter-Currents, which runs a magazine and publishes certain books “to promote white identity politics,” as it describes itself. It says its focus is on “the destruction of distinct nations and communities by multiculturalism and replacement migration, now known as the Great Replacement, and (2) the collapse of First World living standards and technological dynamism due to the quest for cheap labor—either by importing immigrants to undercut domestic wages or by exporting production to the Third World.” His posts on X include ones that say “journalists belong in work camps,” calling George Floyd’s killer, Derek Chauvin, a “hero” and sharing supportive posts about Nick Fuentes. In June, he said: “Charlottesville made me realize that many liberals aren’t fully human along with the true extent of Jewish media control.” What Happens Next American Renaissance Conference organizers say that they plan to hold events at Montgomery Bell State Park in the future.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/video-game-awards-2025-nominees-watch-live-updates-11196731
Article: Clair Obscur: Expedition 33 is the particular standout this year with the critically lauded role-playing game earning an impressive total of 12 nominations, the most ever in the history of The Game Awards. Alongside the indie upstarts competing for the Game of the Year crown are Hideo Kojima's Death Stranding 2: On the Beach, the medieval adventure title Kingdom Come: Deliverance II, and Donkey Kong Bananza, which was one of the first big titles to debut on Nintendo's new Switch 2 console.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/entertainment/movies/supergirl-teaser-trailer-shows-first-look-at-jason-momoa-lobo-11196998
Article: The DCU is set to grow with the addition of "Supergirl." The fan-favorite DC heroine showed up at the end of James Gunn's "Superman," and the first glance showed a very much younger Kryptonian looking to do nothing but party.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/red-sox-targeting-trade-for-cardinals-star-after-pete-alonso-miss-report-11196673
Article: "The Red Sox’ wide search for major offensive upgrades at the Winter Meetings has sent them to the trade market, where they have explored possible deals for at least four different All-Stars, according to a league source," Healey wrote. "They have discussed second baseman Ketel Marte with the Diamondbacks, shortstop Corey Seager with the Rangers, third baseman Isaac Paredes with the Astros, and infielder/outfielder Brendan Donovan with the Cardinals, a source said." The Red Sox have already made a trade with the Cardinals to bring in Sonny Gray.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/akc-national-championship-full-list-of-breeds-and-how-to-watch-live-11195929
Article: A total of 5,557 dogs will compete at the American Kennel Club (AKC) National Championship presented by Royal Canin on December 13 and 14 for the title of America's National Champion, with the winner walking home with $50,000. The largest groups of dog breeds entered into the competition include 149 golden retrievers, 143 dachshunds, 110 French bulldogs, 106 Chihuahuas, 105 Australian shepherds, 100 Labrador retrievers, 82 whippets, 65 Rhodesian ridgebacks, 60 Pomeranians, 58 Chinese cresteds, and 57 pugs. The sporting, hound, toy, non-sporting breeds and junior showmanship competition will be judged on Saturday, and Sunday's coverage will include all working, terrier, herding, miscellaneous and overall Best in Show. DiNardo, AKC President and Show Chair, said in a press release: “As we come together to celebrate the 25th AKC National Championship presented by Royal Canin, I’m truly inspired by the passion and dedication our exhibitors have for their dogs and for the sport. With our exciting Agility, Obedience, Rally, NOHS, and Junior competitions, this 25th Championship promises to be spectacular.” In addition to the national championship, 1,602 puppies and juniors will compete for the Puppy/Junior of the Year in AKC/Royal Canin National All-Breed Puppy and Junior Stakes, and 1,040 canines will vie for Best Bred-by-Exhibitor in Show, for which the winner will receive $15,000. Catch all the action on AKC.tv online or on the AKC.tv app, which is available on the Apple Store, Google Play, Roku, Apple TV and Amazon Fire TV for free.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/betting/chalkboard-promo-code-newsweek-claim-100-bonus-for-falcons-bucs-nfl-predictions-11196711
Article: Chalkboard Promo Code NEWSWEEK For $100 Falcons-Bucs Bonus It is a rare opportunity in the daily fantasy space that you will be able to get two different rewards from a welcome offer. Let's take a look at an example: Baker Mayfield over 0.5 passing yards Kirk Cousins under 204.5 passing yards Bijan Robinson over 34.5 rushing yards Bucky Irving over 62.5 rushing yards Kyle Pitts under 58.5 receiving yards Emeka Egbuka over 46.5 receiving yards From there, choose the payout option you like. Steps To Unlock Chalkboard Promo Code NEWSWEEK Offer Click here or on any of our links to go to the registration page and then follow these instructions: Enter the promo code NEWSWEEK Provide identifying info (Name, date of birth, mailing address, etc.) Make a deposit to get up to $100 in bonuses with the deposit match offer (Credit card, debit card, online banking, etc.) Start making your picks for tonight's Falcons-Buccaneers game to utilize your free square Newsweek may earn an affiliate commission if you sign up through the links in this article.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nfl/shedeur-sanders-viewed-as-major-threat-for-prestigious-nfl-award-11194501
Article: On Thursday, during an ESPN Cleveland segment, Nick Paulus asked whether Sanders could "actually become in the running" for Offensive Rookie of the Year, an idea analyst Emmett Golden said would require Sanders to win the next four games. Then at that point, yeah, I think he's your offensive rookie of the year." Read More: Shedeur Sanders’ Breakout Forces Browns to Shift QB Plans, Says ESPN Analyst In just four appearances, Sanders has 769 passing yards, five TDs and three interceptions, along with 50 rushing yards and a rushing TD. Read More: Chiefs’ Xavier Worthy Breaks Silence on Justin Herbert-Laura Rutledge Incident Across the major sportsbooks, Sanders remains a longshot in the OROY market, positioned behind leading contenders such as Tetairoa McMillan, Jaxson Dart and Emeka Egbuka. However, if he mirrors Sunday’s 300-yard, four-touchdown outing over the final four games, he’d project to roughly 2,000 passing yards, 20 touchdowns and around six interceptions, production that could push him into the OROY conversation.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/map-celebrity-homes-risk-flooding-atmospheric-river-washington-11195967
Article: According to records reviewed by Newsweek, several celebrities live in Washington, with many residing in areas currently under flood warnings or other flood-related alerts issued by local National Weather Service (NWS) offices. "The atmospheric river that has produced 5 to 10+ inches of rain atop the Pacific Northwest over the last several days will finally come to an end today as moist onshore flow weakens in response to an amplifying mid to upper- level ridge along the West coast," the NWS said in a Thursday forecast. "While the heaviest rainfall is subsiding, lingering rain through Friday will exacerbate ongoing major river flooding, and landslides will continue across portions of western Washington state and northwest Oregon for several days." Bill Gates Gates, an entrepreneur and philanthropist, is best known for cofounding Microsoft. Chris Pratt Pratt, an actor known for his roles in Guardians of the Galaxy, Jurassic World and Parks and Recreation, lives in Washington's San Juan Islands, according to Architectural Digest.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/aca-senate-vote-health-care-bill-obamacare-republicans-11196868
Article: Alaska Republicans Lisa Murkowski and Dan Sullivan, along with Susan Collins of Maine and Josh Hawley of Missouri, were the lone GOP senators to vote for the rejected Democratic legislation that would have extend Affordable Care Act tax credits, essentially guaranteeing that millions of Americans will see a steep rise in costs at the beginning of the year. Senators rejected a Democratic bill to extend the subsidies for three years and a Republican plan to create new health savings accounts, bringing an unceremonious end to Democrats’ months-long push to prevent the COVID-19-era subsidies from expiring Jan.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/ncaa/clemson-tigers-dabo-swinney-put-on-notice-rumors-future-11196831
Article: Dabo Swinney and the Clemson Tigers put together a dud of a 2025 college football season, failing to come close to making the College Football Playoff after the starting the season being considered as one of the top championship contenders. "Reminder that Clemson has to make the return trip to LSU (to face a new-look Tigers team with Lane Kiffin at the helm) in Week 1 next year." Swinney took over as the head coach at Clemson back in the 2008 season.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c9w7v0w74qjo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Workers' rights bill standoff continues after Lords defeat 6 hours ago Share Save Becky Morton Political reporter Share Save Getty Images Labour's flagship law on workers' rights faces continuing deadlock after the House of Lords inflicted another defeat on the government. Unions have accused peers of "defying the will of the British public" by holding up the bill, but Downing Street has insisted the government was still committed to passing it before Christmas. The bill - which applies to England, Scotland and Wales, but not Northern Ireland where employment law is devolved - has been described by the government as the "biggest upgrade to rights at work for a generation". 'Recipe for the rich' On Wednesday evening, peers voted by 244 votes to 220 for a Tory proposal which would require the government to review compensation limits before scrapping them. During the debate, Tory shadow business minister Lord Sharpe argued uncapped compensation would benefit higher-paid workers, adding: "This policy is a recipe for the rich and a wrecking of justice for working people." While he welcomed changes on rights to unfair dismissal, the peer said the government's new proposals on compensation limits had been brought forward "at the 11th hour" without any consultation. "Therefore, by our removing the compensation cap for ordinary unfair dismissal claims, this incentive will be lessened, making it easier for tribunals to reach a judgement more quickly and decreasing burdens on the system." She said the government had "worked collaboratively with employers and trade unions to find a compromise" and called on peers to allow the bill to progress so workers could benefit from the reforms without any further delay.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cn81x8py3j5o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Russia could attack Nato within five years, says alliance chief in stark new warning 23 minutes ago Share Save Frank Gardner , Security Correspondent and Paulin Kola Share Save Reuters Many were complacent, but conflict was next door, the Nato chief warned Russia could attack a Nato country within the next five years, the Western military alliance's chief has said in a stark new warning. "We must be prepared for the scale of war our grandparents or great-grandparents endured." He echoed similar statements about Russia's intentions made by Western intelligence agencies, which Moscow dismisses as hysteria. Earlier this month, Russia's President Vladimir Putin said his country was not planning to go to war with Europe, but it was ready "right now" if Europe wanted to - or started a war. Putin has accused European countries of hindering US efforts to bring peace in Ukraine - a reference to the role Ukraine's European allies have recently played in trying to change a US peace plan to end the war, whose initial draft was seen as favouring Russia. "Just imagine if Putin got his way; Ukraine under the boot of Russian occupation, his forces pressing against a longer border with Nato, and the significantly increased risk of an armed attack against us." Russia's economy has been on a war footing for more than three years now - its factories churn out ever more supplies of drones, missiles and artillery shells. According to a recent report by the Kiel Institute for the World Economy, Russia has been producing each month around 150 tanks, 550 infantry fighting vehicles, 120 Lancet drones and more than 50 artillery pieces. So-called "hybrid" or "grey-zone" warfare, which includes events that are often deniable, such as cyber-attacks, disinformation and the alleged launching of drones close to airports and military bases in Nato countries, have been ramping up this year. But worrying as these are, they pale compared to the crisis that would be triggered by a Russian military attack on a Nato country, especially if it involved seizing territory and people being killed. "Nato's own defences can hold for now," Rutte warned in Berlin, but conflict was "next door" to Europe and he feared "too many are quietly complacent, and too many don't feel the urgency, too many believe that time is on our side.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cj9y7dlj4wgo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Women rally behind Catherine Zeta-Jones over age-shaming comments 2 hours ago Share Save Eleri Griffiths BBC Wales Share Save Getty Images Oscar-winning actor Catherine Zeta-Jones faced criticism over her looks at Netflix's Wednesday FYC event in November Women are rallying behind Oscar-winning actor Catherine Zeta-Jones after she faced criticism on social media over her looks at a recent red carpet event. Zeta-Jones attended a Netflix event in Los Angeles on 9 November where a TikTok interview about her role in the latest Wednesday series was overshadowed by comments about her appearance. To view this content choose Accept and continue In the video, which was also posted on Facebook and had more than 2.5m views, Zeta-Jones, who is from Mumbles, Swansea, talked about how much she enjoyed exploring her character, Morticia Addams, in season two. The online backlash sparked widespread defence of Zeta-Jones, including a viral video from one Facebook user which said: "You bully women when they get too much work done and bully them when they don't have enough." Commenters also came to her defence, with one writing: "It's called ageing naturally and she looks beautiful." Others described her as "gorgeous" and "so pretty", while someone else said that "she looks her age - that's called reality." Laura White Laura White said "men don't have this sell-by/use-by date that women do" Ms White arrived for her interview at BBC Radio Wales Breakfast earlier makeup-free to "prove a point" and to show there was no set "template" for what a woman in her 50s should look like. She argued that men were not held to the same beauty standards, adding "no-one questions how old Tom Cruise, George Clooney or Tom Jones are - they just look 'great'." She said it was one of the reasons she entered Miss Great Britain's category for over-45s, to "show that midlife women are still here" and "still have it". Dora Paphides Welsh beauty writer Sali Hughes says women were frequently and unfairly judged for ageing Hughes, an author and presenter from Wales, said that while Zeta-Jones was "gorgeous" it was "not the point", adding she should be free to look however she liked without her age being scrutinised.

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/12/11/nx-s1-5637486/ancient-heat-producing-plants-glow-infrared-scent-not-color
Article: Forget flowers: These ancient plants attract pollinators by getting hot toggle caption Michael Calonje Some of the earliest plants attracted pollinators by producing heat that made these plants glow with infrared light, according to a new set of experiments. toggle caption Wendy Valencia-Montoya To decouple the heat from other potential signals that these plants produce, like scent and humidity, her team used 3-D printing to make some simulated pollen cones. "It was quite striking, when we saw it in the field," says Valencia-Montoya, who says the fake plants were deployed outside at the Montgomery Botanical Center in Coral Gables, Florida. "So it makes a lot of sense that a signal like heat was guiding them." But as new groups emerged that were active in the day and had better vision, like butterflies and bees, "it makes more sense for plants to change their signaling strategy to also tap into the sensory systems of these more recent pollinators," she says, adding that in evolution, there's a constant dance back and forth between plants and their pollinators. Sponsor Message These researchers used "a powerhouse of techniques" to prove that the temperature of cycad's heat-producing cones is intimately related to attracting pollinators, and that this association is ancient, says Roger Seymour, with the University of Adelaide in Australia, who wasn't part of the research team: "This is an important contribution." Seymour thinks that heat could have more than one role, however, and the chance for a warm-up may be a bonus for beetles that require high body temperatures for activity. Irene Terry at Tthe University of Utah, an ecologist who specializes in cycads and their insect interactions but wasn't part of this research team, says it's only been relatively recently that people realized these ancient plants even had pollinators, rather than just spreading their pollen with the wind.

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/12/11/nx-s1-5640837/disney-openai-sora-deal
Article: Disney reaches billion-dollar licensing deal with OpenAI toggle caption Disney If you've ever wanted to conjure up a scenario between yourself, Han Solo and the crew from Zootopia, you're in luck. According to a joint statement released by the two companies, the three-year licensing agreement will allow people to create and share videos using "more than 200" animated characters from Disney, Marvel, Pixar and Star Wars. Sponsor Message Notably, the statement adds "the agreement does not include any talent likeness or voices." As a part of this agreement, Disney will invest $1 billion into OpenAI and become a "major customer" of the company. Fairplay, the non-profit advocacy group dedicated to reducing children's screen time, issued a statement saying the Disney OpenAI agreement "betrays kids." "OpenAI claims children are prohibited from using Sora, yet here they are luring young kids to their platform using some of their favorite characters. Disney and OpenAI say in their statement that the two companies share a commitment to protecting the rights of creators while "maintaining robust controls to prevent the generation of illegal or harmful content." Sora users will be able to take advantage of the agreement starting in 2026.

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/12/11/nx-s1-5640715/state-department-font-times-new-roman-calibri
Article: The State Department reinstates an old font, in a typeface about-face toggle caption Allison Robbert/AFP via Getty Images The State Department has reversed a Biden-era font change that aimed to make its paperwork more accessible to readers with disabilities. Secretary of State Marco Rubio directed diplomats around the world to switch from Calibri to Times New Roman 14-point font in all official documents, starting on Wednesday, the State Department said in a statement to NPR. toggle caption NPR Those little flourishes can make the lettering harder to read, says Kristen Shinohara, who leads the Center for Accessibility and Inclusion Research at the Rochester Institute of Technology. It was also the default font of Microsoft programs like Word beginning in the 1990s until it was replaced by Calibri — which was designed with screens in mind — in 2007. The company wrote in a blog post at the time that Aptos' designer, Steve Matteson, wanted the font to have "the universal appeal of the late NPR newscaster Carl Kasell and the astute tone of The Late Show host Stephen Colbert." Small lettering, bigger patterns Rubio's memo describes the 2023 change to Calibri as "another wasteful DEIA program" and says it did not lead to a meaningful reduction in the department's accessibility-based document remediation cases, according to copies obtained by Reuters and The Associated Press. His administration put pressure on universities and public schools, threatening to withhold federal funding from those that have DEI programs, though a judge struck down some of those efforts in August. The State Department statement says the return to Times New Roman better aligns with Trump's "One Voice for America's Foreign Relations" directive from February, by underscoring its "responsibility to present a unified, professional voice in all communications." It also fits into the Trump administration's broader fixation on aesthetics, from his gilded Oval Office redesign to his proposal of a classically-styled D.C. The Health and Human Services Department removed entire webpages devoted to topics like LGBTQ health and HIV, while the Department of Energy instructed employees to avoid using terms including "climate change" and "sustainable." Just this week, court filings emerged showing the administration's six-page list of words the federal Head Start programs cannot use, including "disability," "race" and "women."

Link: https://feeds.texastribune.org/link/16799/17230813/henry-cuellar-house-appropriations-subcommittee-homeland-security-trump-pardon
Article: The Laredo Democrat forfeited his role as chair of the Appropriations subcommittee on Homeland Security in 2024 after he was indicted on corruption charges, based on House Democratic rules that made him ineligible to hold onto the post. But 17 of the 27 Democratic members of the House Appropriations Committee voted on a secret ballot Thursday to return him to the post, with seven voting against and the rest voting present or recusing themselves, according to a source familiar with the meeting. House Minority Leader Hakeem Jeffries, D-New York, told reporters this week that it would be “consistent with the rules” of the House Democratic Caucus for Cuellar to regain his post. In announcing his decision to pardon Cuellar, Trump wrote on social media that the centrist Democrat was punished by the Department of Justice for speaking out against former President Joe Biden’s border policies. Cuellar said in a statement on X last week that the pardon gives him a “clean slate.” “This decision clears the air and lets us move forward for South Texas,” he wrote.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/video/competing-democrat-republican-health-care-proposals-fail-senate-128322019
Article: Competing Democrat, Republican health care proposals both fail in the Senate The Senate failed to advance two competing health care proposals aimed at addressing a spike in costs expected for tens of millions of Americans who receive enhanced Affordable Care Act tax credits.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/11/trump-nvidia-china-chips-warren.html
Article: Elizabeth Warren, D-Mass., speaks during a Senate Banking, Housing and Urban Affairs Committee confirmation hearing on President Donald Trump's nominees to lead the National Economic Council, Consumer Financial Protection Bureau and Federal Housing Finance Agency, on Capitol Hill in Washington, Feb.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/11/us-lawmakers-join-calls-for-justice-in-israels-attacks-on-journalists?traffic_source=rss
Article: Washington, DC – American journalist Dylan Collins wants to know “who pulled the trigger” in the 2023 Israeli double-tap strike in south Lebanon that injured him and killed Reuters video reporter Issam Abdallah. Press freedom advocates and three United States legislators joined Collins, an AFP and former Al Jazeera journalist, outside the US Capitol on Thursday to renew calls for accountability in this case and for the more than 250 other killings of journalists by Israel. “I want to know who pulled the trigger; I want to know what command structure approved it, and I want to know why it’s gone unaddressed until today – on our strike and all the others targeted,” Collins said. Senator Peter Welch and Congresswoman Becca Balint, who represent Collins’s home state of Vermont, and Senator Chris Van Hollen stressed on Thursday that they will continue to push for accountability in the strike, which wounded six journalists. The October 13, 2023, strike, which wounded Al Jazeera’s Carmen Joukhadar and Elie Brakhia and left AFP’s Christina Assi with life-altering injuries, was well-documented in part because the journalists were livestreaming their reporting. But after a little less than an hour at the site, we were hit twice by tank fire, two shells on the same target, 37 seconds apart,” Collins said at a news conference on Thursday. As I rushed to put a tourniquet on her, we were hit the second time, and I sustained multiple shrapnel wounds.” The AFP journalist added that the attack seemed “unfathomable in its brutality” at that time, but “we have since seen the same type of attack repeated dozens of times.” Israel has been regularly employing such double-tap attacks, including in other strikes on journalists in Gaza. Earlier this year, UN rapporteur Morris Tidball-Binz called the 2023 strike “a premeditated, targeted and double-tapped attack from the Israeli forces, a clear violation, in my opinion, of IHL (international humanitarian law), a war crime”. US response Despite the wounding of a US citizen in the strike, the administration of then-President Joe Biden – which claimed to champion freedom of the press and the “rules-based order” – did next to nothing to hold Israel to account. Advertisement “I thought that when an American citizen is wounded in an attack carried out by the US’s greatest ally in the Middle East that we would be able to get some answers. “In fact, neither the Biden nor the Trump administrations have ever publicly acknowledged that a US citizen was wounded in this attack.” Israeli soldiers and settlers have killed at least 10 US citizens, including Al Jazeera correspondent Shireen Abu Akleh, over the past decade. “We have not seen accountability or justice in this case, and the State Department – our own government – has not done much of anything really to pursue justice in this case,” Van Hollen told reporters. “It is part of a broader pattern of impunity for attacks on Americans and on journalists by the government of Israel.” He called the US approach a “dereliction of duty” by the Trump and Biden administrations. Israeli ‘investigation’ Amelia Evans, advocacy director at the Committee to Protect Journalists (CPJ), said Senator Welch’s description of the Israeli probe shows that the country’s “purported investigative bodies are not functioning to deliver justice but to shield Israeli forces from accountability”. Evans urged the Trump administration to “take action” and demand the completion of probes into the killing of Abu Akleh in 2022 and the 2023 attack on journalists in Lebanon. And we’re not seeing Israeli soldiers held accountable.” ‘Chilling effect’ Amid the push for justice, Collins paid tribute to his colleague Abdallah, who was killed in the 2023 Israeli attack. He had a larger-than-life personality.” The killing of Abdullah, Collins added, had a “chilling effect” on the coverage of that conflict, which escalated into a full-blown war between Israel and Hezbollah in September 2024. Advertisement Even after a ceasefire was reached in November of last year, the Israeli military continues to prevent reconstruction in the devastated villages as it carries out near-daily attacks across the country.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/world/venezuela/machado-venezuela-return-maduro-nobel-peace-prize-trump-rcna248582
Article: After escaping her country in secret, Nobel Peace Prize laureate María Corina Machado said Thursday that she received help from the United States government to leave hiding in Venezuela and collect her award. Machado, 58, credited President Donald Trump's "decisive" actions in making the Venezuelan regime "weaker than ever," her latest show of support for the White House as it builds military pressure against Caracas. “Yes, we did get support from the United States’ government," Machado told a news conference in Oslo, Norway, speaking about the journey from her homeland that was fraught with risk and shrouded in secrecy. They did not know where I was in hiding in Venezuela, so it was hard for them to stop me.” She called the operation to get her out "quite an experience" and said she hadn't seen her children in two years, describing the reunion as "one of the most extraordinary spiritual moments of my life." Machado spoke at a news conference in Oslo. Ole Berg-Rusten / AFP via Getty Images Though Machado failed to reach the Norwegian capital in time for Wednesday’s official ceremony — her daughter collecting it in her stead — she appeared hours later on the balcony of Oslo’s Grand Hotel, where she waved to crowds and joined them singing the national anthem. “I came to receive the prize on behalf of the Venezuelan people and I will take it back to Venezuela at the correct moment,” she said while leaving the Norwegian parliament. “Of course I will not say when that is.” She said she hoped "we will turn the country into a beacon of hope, opportunity and democracy," thanking both her fellow activists in Venezuela and also the Norwegian people. Alongside the fans on Oslo’s streets, there were also demonstrators outside the city’s Nobel Institute, with placards including “No Peace Prize for Warmongers.” Hours before she spoke in Norway, the U.S military seized an oil tanker off the coast of Venezuela as the administration continues to escalate military activity in the region. "We have the Colombian guerrilla, the drug cartels that have taken over 60% of our populations, and not only involving drug trafficking, but in human trafficking, in networks of prostitution." She said these networks had "turned Venezuela into the criminal hub of the Americas," with trafficking of drugs, arms and humans, alongside the oil black market, funding the regime's "repression system." Without mentioning Trump by name she said, she had "asked the international community to cut those forces." The protesters' criticisms are shared by the Venezuelan government, which denies any involvement in crime and the charges of authoritarianism. Jorge Rodríguez, president of the Venezuelan parliament, said this week that giving the Nobel to someone “who calls for military action against Venezuela and celebrates the killing of human beings in the Caribbean” showed “the hypocrisy of peace organizations.” The U.S.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/ilhan-omar-under-investigation-for-immigration-fraud-trump-border-czar-11197141
Article: “The statute of limitation became an issue in the last four years when this was first brought up.” He continued, “Pulling the records now, pulling the files, and we’re looking at it. He continues to be a national embarrassment.” What To Know Department of Homeland Security Assistant Secretary Tricia McLaughlin told Newsweek, “DHS takes any and all marriage fraud allegations very seriously. Your country stinks and we don’t want them in our country.” What People Are Saying Representative Ilhan Omar, on X: “No matter what words Trump throws at me, I will not let that deter my work for the people of the Fifth District.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/ncaa/notre-dame-usc-could-see-rivalry-end-for-first-time-since-world-war-ii-11197152
Article: After being snubbed from the College Football Playoff, Notre Dame has been on a whirlwind press tour, most notably opting out of a postseason bowl game and dangling its future in the balance, wondering whether it might join the SEC or another power conference. While it is expected that the two sides will reach a short-term agreement to prolong the rivalry and celebrate its 100th year of playing against one another, the streak of playing annually appears to be coming to an end. More news: Notre Dame Lands 4-Star Prospect in Viral Recruiting Announcement “I think we’ll do a short-term extension,” Notre Dame AD Pete Bevacqua said in a recent interview with "The Echoes" podcast. “And then, quite frankly, there might be a gap or two in that series and then pick it back up.” The only time Notre Dame and USC didn’t play each other in the past century was from 1943 to 1945, due to World War II.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/ncaa/7000-yard-qb-takes-surprise-coaching-role-after-opting-out-of-bowl-game-11197325
Article: More News: Michigan Hit With Damaging Accusations After Sherrone Moore Firing More News: Jaxson Dart Has Strong Reaction to Lane Kiffin Leaving Ole Miss Before CFP “Bulls Nation, we wanted to share that Coach Hartline and I continue to have great conversations with Byrum Brown and his family about his future at USF,” Higgins wrote on X. So much so, that we’ve asked Byrum to serve as a coach in the Cure Bowl to help us get our tenth win, which we’re excited to share he’s graciously agreed to do!” Brown, a senior who’s thrown for 7,690 yards, 61 touchdowns and nine interception in his four seasons with the Bulls while compiling an 18-16 record as a starter, will serve as an assistant coach under interim head coach Kevin Patrick, who’s leading the team’s preparation for its Cure Bowl matchup against Old Dominion on Dec.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/mlb/cubs-acquire-ex-rangers-brewers-southpaw-for-3-75-million-report-11197059
Article: But it's also one with upside, as Milner has a lot of solid seasons under his belt and can excel in a specialist role against a pocket of tough lefties.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/wrestling/popular-aew-star-reveals-retirement-plans-11197065
Article: However, in an interview with GabbyAF, the 43-year-old revealed that his career is approaching its end, as he intends to retire from the ring once his current AEW contract concludes. More news: Nikki Bella Reunites With Ex-Boyfriend At WWE Raw Kingston, born Edward Moore in 1981 in Yonkers, New York, began his pro wrestling journey in 2002 on the independent circuit.

Link: https://abc7.com/post/will-smith-pushes-himself-limit-national-geographics-new-docuseries-pole/18276210/
Article: Will Smith pushes himself to the limit in National Geographic's new docuseries 'Pole to Pole' "For 100 days, I'm going to cross the seven continents because the answers to everything important are out there at the edges of our world." National Geographic's new docuseries features Will Smith as he pushes his mental and physical resilience to the limits. Five years in the making, "Pole to Pole with Will Smith" follows the Oscar-winning actor's journey through the planet's most extreme environments from the South Pole to the North Pole. The 57-year-old celebrity travels across all seven continents, taking him from the icefields of Antarctica to the jungles of the Amazon, the mountains of the Himalayas, the deserts of Africa, the islands of the Pacific and the icebergs of the Arctic. From the coldest ice to the deepest jungles, the beauty of our world inspired my every step with awe and hope." National Geographic's EVP of Content Tom McDonald shared, "We're inviting audiences to see our planet through Will's eyes - with all the wonder, humor, and humanity he brings to every experience. It's a thrilling adventure that embodies what National Geographic does best: combining jaw-dropping cinematography, powerful storytelling and a deeper understanding of how our world works - and why it matters." "Pole to Pole with Will Smith," the seven-part docuseries, premieres Jan.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cx2gg9gzqxxo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Ex-Abercrombie & Fitch CEO fit to stand trial, prison officials say 17 minutes ago Share Save Rianna Croxford Investigations correspondent Share Save Getty Images Mike Jeffries leaves a Long Island court in October The former chief executive of Abercrombie & Fitch is now fit to stand trial on sex- trafficking and prostitution charges after spending months in hospital, prison officials say. Writing to Judge Nusrat Choudhury, prosecutors said that prison officials had concluded that Mr Jeffries was "able to understand the nature and consequences of the proceedings against him and to assist properly in his own defense". Their arrests followed a 2023 BBC documentary and ongoing podcast series that revealed the trio had been at the centre of a sophisticated operation scouting young men for sex around the world while Mr Jeffries was chief executive of Abercrombie & Fitch.

Link: https://www.bbc.co.uk/sounds/play/p0mn1242?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: The news came as Venezuelan opposition leader María Corina Machado collected her Nobel Peace Prize in Norway, appearing despite a travel ban and a threat from the Venezuelan government that she would be labelled as a fugitive BBC News presenter, Lucy Hockings and Latin America editor for BBC Online Vanessa Buschschlüter explain the situation in Venezuela and the story behind Miss Machado’s journey to Oslo. If you're in the UK, for more News and Current Affairs podcasts from the BBC, listen on BBC Sounds: https://bbc.in/4guXgXd Newscast brings you daily analysis of the latest political news stories from the BBC.

Link: https://www.bbc.co.uk/sounds/play/p0mmtmh7?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Available for over a year Donald Trump has lambasted European countries as “decaying” and “weak”, singling out the UK, France and Germany for their immigration policies, whilst praising the Hungarian leader Viktor Orban for allowing “nobody in his country”. As Congress races to beat a fast-approaching deadline that would see premiums rise sharply for millions of Americans, the president blames Democrats for the stalemate in Congress while promising to end subsidies for insurance companies. HOSTS: • Sarah Smith, North America Editor • Anthony Zurcher, North America Correspondent GET IN TOUCH: • Join our online community: https://discord.gg/qSrxqNcmRB • Send us a message or voice note via WhatsApp to +44 330 123 9480 • Email Americast@bbc.co.uk • Or use #Americast This episode was made by George Dabby with Grace Reeve.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Health/wireStory/hundreds-quarantined-south-carolina-measles-spreads-2-us-128320777
Article: Measles outbreaks in South Carolina and on the Arizona-Utah border are growing Hundreds are quarantined in South Carolina as measles spreads in 2 US outbreaks Measles outbreaks are growing along the Utah-Arizona border and in South Carolina, where hundreds are in quarantine. A large outbreak in Texas, New Mexico and Oklahoma that started in January sickened nearly 900 and kicked off the United States' worst measles year in more than three decades.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/11/this-airline-etf-is-breaking-out-how-to-trade-it-using-charts.html
Article: Overall, the JETS ETF gives us access to a part of the transports that has room to grow and is a great way to diversify into a sector that is just starting to take off. All opinions expressed by the CNBC Pro contributors are solely their opinions and do not reflect the opinions of CNBC, NBC UNIVERSAL, their parent company or affiliates, and may have been previously disseminated by them on television, radio, internet or another medium.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nfl/rams-davante-adams-drops-retirement-bombshell-linked-to-matthew-stafford-11196600
Article: Davante Adams is having one of the best seasons of his career with the Los Angeles Rams, and he has seemingly confirmed in a recent interview when he will hang up his cleats for good. After becoming one of the best wideouts of his generation on the Green Bay Packers as Aaron Rodgers’ partner in crime over the course of a decade together, Adams struggled for a few years after leaving the frozen tundra.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nba/warriors-open-to-paying-stunning-trade-cost-to-pair-giannis-with-steph-curry-11196885
Article: Between him and Jonathan Kuminga and Brandin Podziemski, all of a sudden, Golden State probably does have an intriguing package if you're Milwaukee.” More news: Lakers Emerge as Giannis Trade Destination After Luka Doncic News Resurfaces ... More news: Giannis Antetokounmpo Trade Race Shifts After Major Knicks Development A deal between the Warriors and Bucks would set the NBA on fire, as multiple big-city teams, such as the Los Angeles Lakers, New York Knicks, and Miami Heat, are vying for a possible trade for Antetokounmpo. While the cost would be massive, as Green has helped the Warriors to four rings over his tenured career, a pairing of Curry and Antetokounmpo could make Golden State a viable contender in a difficult Western Conference ruled by the defending champs, Oklahoma City.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nfl/cincinnati-bengals-under-fire-joe-burrow-brutal-admission-11197467
Article: Read more: Browns Make Major Shedeur Sanders Announcement Before Facing Bears In 73 career games, the 28-year-old superstar has completed 68.2 percent of his passes for 19,735 yards, 148 touchdowns, and 48 interceptions.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/mlb/mets-fans-get-unsettling-update-on-reliever-pursuits-after-robert-suarez-report-11197194
Article: Williams’ $51M deal is worth about $44M considering deferrals." Now, most Mets fans are going to be questioning why Suarez wasn't really an option if he signed for less than Williams.

Link: https://www.bbc.co.uk/sounds/play/w3ct8byv?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: And this week, Defence Secretary Pete Hegseth has defended the killing of over 80 people in US military strikes on alleged drug boats as the “Al Qaeda of our hemisphere”. HOSTS: • Justin Webb, Radio 4 presenter • Sarah Smith, North America Editor GET IN TOUCH: • Join our online community: https://discord.gg/qSrxqNcmRB • Send us a message or voice note via WhatsApp to +44 330 123 9480 • Email Americast@bbc.co.uk • Or use #Americast This episode was made by George Dabby with Alix Pickles and Grace Reeve.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/football/articles/cpd62wgjx9do?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Rob Edwards' side are bottom of the Premier League with just two points and have not won in the top flight since April, while their current eight-game losing run has equalled a club record set in 1981-82. It comes after a summer in which Matheus Cunha and Rayan Ait-Nouri were sold to Manchester United and Manchester City for a combined £92.5m, and captain Nelson Semedo left on a free transfer. "The players who were brought in were brought in for the right reasons, but when you have a return of two points at this stage you have to say it's wrong because whatever starting XI we have put out has not been good enough," said Jackson, who also said Wolves will not give up on Premier League survival. We don't have endless resources so we are trying to find players in markets where others aren't necessarily looking." Jorgen Strand Larsen made his loan permanent for £23m after scoring 14 times last season, but the Norway striker has netted just once in the league this term.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/politics/watch-rep-magaziner-confronts-noem-with-deported-u-s-military-veteran-on-zoom-in-hearing
Article: Democrats questioned Homeland Security Secretary Kristi Noem about several deportations on Thursday, including identifying members of the House hearing audience they said had been deported or had family members who had been improperly treated by the immigration system. Thompson calls on Noem to resign for ‘making America less safe’ “You don’t seem to know how to tell the difference between the good guys and the bad guys,” Magaziner said to Noem.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/politics/noem-says-seizure-of-oil-tanker-off-venezuelan-coast-linked-to-u-s-antidrug-efforts
Article: The Kremlin said in a statement that Putin reaffirmed his support for Maduro’s policy of “protecting national interests and sovereignty in the face of growing external pressure.” Noem’s assertion, which came during her testimony to the House Homeland Security Committee, provided the Republican administration’s most thorough assessment so far of why it took control of the vessel on Wednesday. Homeland Security Secretary Kristi Noem on Thursday linked the seizure of an oil tanker off the coast of Venezuela to the Trump administration’s counterdrug efforts in Latin America as tensions escalate with the government of President Nicolás Maduro. Coast Guard’s role in the tanker seizure, Noem called it “a successful operation directed by the president to ensure that we’re pushing back on a regime that is systematically covering and flooding our country with deadly drugs and killing our next generation of Americans.” Noem went on to lay out the “lethal doses of cocaine” she said had been kept from entering the U.S. operations in the region were about drugs or oil, White House press secretary Karoline Leavitt also gave a bifurcated answer, saying the administration was “focused on doing many things in the Western Hemisphere.” She noted that such seizures could continue, arguing that the commodities being transported were used to fund the illegal drug trade. The Justice Department had obtained a warrant for the vessel because it had been known for “carrying black market, sanctioned oil,” Leavitt said, adding that “the United States does intend to get the oil” that was onboard the tanker. Trump told reporters a day earlier at the White House that the tanker “was seized for a very good reason.” Asked what would happen to the oil aboard the tanker, Trump said, “Well, we keep it, I guess.” The U.S. has built up the largest military presence in the region in decades and launched a series of deadly strikes on alleged drug-smuggling boats in the Caribbean Sea and the eastern Pacific Ocean, a campaign that is facing growing scrutiny from Congress.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/2nd-time-grand-jury-refuses-indict-new-york/story?id=128279779
Article: For a second time in recent days, a federal grand jury in Virginia has refused to indict New York Attorney General Letitia James for alleged mortgage fraud, sources said, again rejecting the Department of Justice's attempt to refile the case after a federal judge dismissed an earlier case based on the unlawful appointment of the U.S. Federal prosecutors on Thursday failed to convince a majority of grand jurors to approve charges that James misled a bank to obtain favorable loan terms on a home mortgage, according to sources. Eric Lee/Bloomberg via Getty Images Prosecutors have alleged that James, who successfully brought a civil fraud case against now-President Donald Trump last year, falsely listed a home she purchased in 2020 as a second home instead of an investment property in order to save potentially $19,000 over the life of the loan with a more favorable mortgage rate. As ABC News previously reported, prosecutors who investigated James for possible mortgage fraud found evidence that appeared to undercut some of the allegations in the indictment of James secured in September -- including the degree to which James allegedly personally profited from her purchase of the property.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/gas-explosion-san-francisco-bay-area-damages-homes-128322781
Article: A gas explosion has started a major fire in a San Francisco Bay Area neighborhood, damaging several homes and sending heavy smoke into the air Gas explosion in San Francisco Bay Area damages homes, sends heavy smoke into air The Associated Press By The Associated Press SAN FRANCISCO -- A gas explosion started a major fire in a San Francisco Bay Area neighborhood on Thursday, damaging several homes and sending heavy smoke into the air.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Business/wireStory/30000-trafficked-animals-rescued-monthlong-global-operation-led-128322282
Article: Interpol says a monthlong operation led by the international police body resulted in the rescue of nearly 30,000 live animals that were being trafficked CAPE TOWN, South Africa -- Nearly 30,000 live animals were rescued in a monthlong global operation against wildlife trafficking that resulted in a record number of seizures, the international police body Interpol said on Thursday. 15 involved law enforcement agencies and wildlife and forestry authorities from 134 countries and resulted in more than 4,600 separate seizures that included tens of thousands of protected animals and plants and tens of thousands of cubic meters of illegally logged timber.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/video/2025/12/11/gemini-shares-soar-after-winning-cftc-approval-prediction-market-cnbc-crypto-world.html
Article: Share Share Article via Facebook Share Article via Twitter Share Article via LinkedIn Share Article via Email Gemini shares soar after winning CFTC approval for prediction market: CNBC Crypto World On today's episode of CNBC Crypto World, major cryptocurrencies fall the day after the Federal Reserve's latest rate cut. And, 21shares Chief Investment Strategist Adrian Fritz breaks down the asset manager's new crypto outlook report for 2026 and discusses the launch of the firm's spot XRP ETF in the U.S.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/11/palantir-sues-former-employees-says-percepta-tried-to-pillage-devs.html
Article: In the suit, Palantir alleged that Percepta CEO and co-founder Hirsh Jain, co-founder Radha Jain, and a third employee, Joanna Cohen, violated their non-solicitation agreements, hiring top talent to create a competitive business. The three defendants are accused of attempting to "poach" executives and developers from their former company and "plunder Palantir's valuable intellectual property." Cohen and Radha Jain, who were named in the original lawsuit filed in October, were previously senior engineers at Palantir. The former employees "brazenly disregarded their contractual and legal commitments to Palantir and instead chose a path of deception and unjust competition," the plaintiffs said in the document, which was filed in the U.S. The suit accused Hirsh Jain, who resigned from Palantir in August 2024, of an "aggressive campaign" to recruit other employees to join Percepta, and said the startup has already hired at least 10 former Palantir employees. An alleged message written by Hirsh Jain in November 2024 read, "I'm down to pillage the best devs at palantir when they're at their maximum richness." The complaint says Rhada Jain wrote another message saying, "God thinking about poaching is so fun." Palantir, which was co-founded by Peter Thiel, CEO Alex Karp and others, builds analytics software for companies and government agencies, including the U.S. Among other things, Palantir is asking for the defendants to be forced to return any confidential information in their possession, and to avoid working at Percepta or venture backer General Catalyst for 12 months from the time of an order.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/11/russias-putin-affirms-support-for-venezuela-after-us-seizes-oil-tanker?traffic_source=rss
Article: It added that Putin “reiterated that the channels of direct communication between the two nations remain permanently open and assured that Russia will continue to support Venezuela in its struggle to uphold its sovereignty, international law, and peace throughout Latin America”. The US has for weeks been conducting strikes on alleged drug smuggling boats in the Caribbean and eastern Pacific, with Trump repeatedly threatening to take military action on Venezuelan territory. The Trump administration has said any actions would be aimed at Venezuela’s illicit drug trade, despite experts dismissing claims that the country is a leading source of drugs smuggled into the US. Critics have accused the Trump administration of using military pressure in an effort to open Venezuela’s vast oil reserves to US and Western companies, a charge US officials have denied.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/11/thailand-pm-moves-to-dissolve-parliament-paving-way-for-election?traffic_source=rss
Article: He later repeated his stance on social media: “I am returning power to the people.” Sluggish economy Anutin, Thailand’s third prime minister since August 2023, has struggled to stabilise an economy hampered by high household debt, sluggish consumption and pressure from United States tariffs. His rise to power followed his Bhumjaithai Party’s withdrawal from the ruling coalition and a new agreement with the People’s Party, which demanded several concessions, including a referendum on constitutional reform, in exchange for supporting him.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/video/the-take-2/2025/12/11/aje-onl-aj_tt_pal_abushabab_av_v2-111225?traffic_source=rss
Article: After Israel’s genocidal war in Gaza began in 2023, Abu Shabab and his Israel-backed Popular Forces group attempted to present themselves as an alternative to Hamas, but Palestinians instead viewed him as a traitor.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/economy/2025/12/11/failure-of-rival-health-bills-underscores-impasse-in-us-politics?traffic_source=rss
Article: He’s lost family members to the same condition, and we simply can’t take that risk,” Sheaff said in testimony in front of the Democratic Steering and Policy Committee earlier this month. The measure would have sent up to $1,500 to those making less than 700 percent of the federal poverty line, which would be $110,000 for a single person and $225,000 for a family of four. Advertisement The payments are intended to help cover out-of-pocket costs for “Bronze” or “Catastrophic” plans on the healthcare marketplace to help meet the threshold they need to pay before their insurance kicks in. The funds come with limitations that Democrats have long objected to, including verification of citizenship status and that the funds could not be used for abortion or gender transition treatment. The proposed funds are far below the plans’ deductibles, meaning that even after that payment, a patient would be on the hook for up to $7,500 in out-of-pocket medical expenses before their insurance would start to pay for part of their care. Those costs can rack up quickly for people with lower-cost plans, with a visit to a US emergency room costing between $1,000 and $3,000, while an ambulance ride can cost anywhere from $500 to more than $3,500. Underscored by higher costs in food and housing, Felicia Burnett, national director for health care for MomsRising, a family advocacy organisation, said the families around the country are running out of ways to cut costs and higher healthcare bills only further the strain. “Families are going to be having to make really difficult choices between receiving treatment for their ongoing health issues or buying prescriptions and affording their other basic needs like food and housing.” Americans back subsidy continuation Approximately 2.2 million Americans could lose their health insurance premium subsidies if they are not extended, according to the Congressional Budget Office, leaving low- and middle-income families struggling to maintain coverage. Insurance companies have warned customers of the rising premiums in the new year, and Democrats argue there is not enough time to do anything but a clean extension of the tax credits. Advertisement With more people forgoing insurance altogether because of the cost, experts like Dr Bruce Y Lee, professor of public health at CUNY Graduate School of Public Health, says there will be additional strains on emergency rooms, which have an obligation to treat people with or without a way to pay for care. Emergency rooms already have long waits, and this only clogs them further, affecting everyone, even those with insurance, because instead of seeing 10 people, the staff might be handling 50.”

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/politics/justice-department/justice-department-fails-third-attempt-indict-new-york-attorney-genera-rcna248282
Article: — A federal grand jury here refused to indict New York Attorney General Letitia James on Thursday, one federal law enforcement source and another person familiar with the matter told NBC News. A federal judge last month dismissed mortgage-related charges the Justice Department had brought against James, as well as separate, unrelated charges against former FBI Director James Comey, after ruling that the prosecutor in both cases was unlawfully appointed. James has been a political target for Trump since she investigated the Trump Organization for fraud, saying he and other leaders of the company "reaped hundreds of millions of dollars in ill-gotten gains," by routinely overvaluing properties and obtaining bank loans and insurance policies at lower rates. A divided state appeals court upheld the fraud filing, but found the $464 million judgment was "excessive." It's rare for a federal grand jury to reject charges because the process is stacked in the government's favor. At the grand jury stage, prosecutors need only to convince 12 of at least 16 grand jurors that they met the probable cause threshold, a much lower standard than the unanimous "beyond a reasonable doubt" requirement for securing a conviction before a jury during a trial. Career prosecutors in the Eastern District of Virginia had concluded that the case against James was too weak to move forward, and Trump's own nominee to lead the office, Erik Siebert, resigned amid pressure from the president to bring a case against James.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/business/economy/trump-tariff-revenue-falls-rcna248671
Article: He has also repeatedly proposed using some of the customs receipts to send each American a stimulus check — loosely based on the wildly popular stimulus checks that his administration distributed during the height of the Covid-19 pandemic in his first term. Starting next year, the federal government says it will use $12 billion of the tariff money to fund an aid package for farmers affected by the president’s trade war with China. Through late September, the most recently available data shows that about $90 billion of the $174 billion in tariff money collected up to that point was done via presidential authority granted under a law called the International Emergency Economic Powers Act, or IEEPA. If the Supreme Court finds that IEEPA did not, in fact, grant Trump the power to impose those unilateral tariffs, and the court strikes them down, it’s possible that most or all of the import taxes collected under the IEEPA law would need to be refunded to the importers who paid them.

Link: https://www.latimes.com/california/story/2025-12-11/la-traffic-is-getting-better-thats-not-entirely-good-thing
Article: Experts cite several theories: Reworked commuting habits spurred by the COVID pandemic The continued struggles of downtown Los Angeles, where office vacancies remain high L.A.’s already notorious congestion, which has long been so severe that it’s easier for conditions to get slightly better than any worse That’s not to say L.A. In 2025, the average Angeleno driver still spent 87 hours — more than three full days — sitting in traffic, down from 88 hours the year before, according to the report. Not surprising The flat or declining congestion numbers were not a surprise given the persistence of working from home in the post-pandemic era, said Michael Manville, a professor of urban planning at UCLA. “It’s not really dense enough in any area to really support public transportation,” he said of the Southland, “but dense enough to make traffic bad.” Advertisement That traffic carries a cost — and not just in terms of time. “More investigation is needed as to the cause, including population shifts, commuting and car ownership habits, and other economic and demographic data.” California L.A.’s promise to explore police-free traffic enforcement keeps hitting roadblocks An initiative by Los Angeles officials to figure out how to test plans to remove police from traffic enforcement is running behind schedule — again. The report highlighted two examples in Santa Monica where lower speed limits decreased congestion significantly: Colorado Avenue between Ocean Avenue and 17th Street, and Michigan Avenue between Lincoln Boulevard and 19th Street. Though it might seem contradictory, reducing speed limits in congested conditions can actually result in smoother traffic flow and less stop/start movement, according to the Global Alliance of NGOs for Road Safety.

Link: https://www.latimes.com/california/story/2025-12-11/pacific-palisades-palisadian-post-newspaper-shuts-down
Article: “After the unimaginable sorrow and destruction of the past year, losing this beloved institution feels like a final blow.” He added: “This time last year, we still had a future. But it burned up in the fire, like most of the town.” Advertisement Smolinisky, who bought the struggling newspaper in 2012, wrote that shutting down the Pali Post, as it’s known, was “the hardest decision I’ve ever made.” Alan Smolinisky, owner of the Palisadian-Post, at his desk at the community newspaper’s office in November 2013. The newspaper started publishing in 1928, a few years after modern-day Pacific Palisades was founded by members of the Methodist Episcopal Church who built an enormous campground in Temescal Canyon for annual gatherings called Chautauquas. The lead story in the first edition, according to the newspaper’s website, was about $1 million being spent to pave a stretch of modern-day Chautauqua Boulevard and to plant trees near Santa Monica Canyon. Over the years, the newspaper endeared itself to residents by recording the community’s marriages, deaths and births (noting the first baby born each year) — as well as Little League games, Fourth of July parades and the Mr. Advertisement In January 2013, The Times reported that the deal “included the Post’s money-losing commercial printing business, which he closed,” and that he told staffers he wanted to make the business profitable so he could restore full-time status to 16 employees, including seven in the newsroom, who had endured years of shortened hours and lesser pay. Advertisement Smolinisky on Tuesday wrote that his house did not burn and that he planned to stay in the Palisades, where “people are coming back, slowly but surely.” “We’ll welcome a new generation of families to town,” he wrote.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/kristi-noem-leaves-congress-security-hearing-11197216
Article: Why It Matters Noem appeared before the House Committee on Homeland Security to address the Trump administration's priorities and policies in response to global security threats against the American homeland, including the mass deportation operations happening across the country and the recent strikes on alleged drug boats in the Caribbean. disaster management policy that favors state-led responses over a centralized FEMA approach, with critics arguing that this process—requiring a sign-off from DHS on contracts exceeding $100,000—causes undue and dangerous delays when responding to crises. However, earlier in the hearing, Noem said that she would need to leave early as she had to attend another meeting of a council offering suggestions on how to reform FEMA. Representative Julie Johnson of Texas, a Democrat, quipped that Noem "was scared of my questions," then fell quiet as protesters outside the chamber began shouting at Noem and following her down the hallway, yelling "Shame on you!" X users initially interpreted the sudden departure as fleeing the barrage of questions and the disruption by protesters who called for an end to the administration's deportation operations, which the Democrats in the chamber heavily focused their inquiries on. And Representative Bennie Thompson of Massachusetts, a Democrat, told reporters after the hearing that he heard that the FEMA meeting had been canceled, saying he would move to subpoena Noem to reappear before the panel, according to The Hill. “I understand on good information that the FEMA Council meeting was canceled so there was no need for her to go,” Thompson said, going on to call Noem a "liar with no respect for congressional oversight." Protesters shouted slogans that included "Stop ICE raids" and "End deportations." What People Are Saying DHS Secretary Kristi Noem, in part: “We will never yield.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nfl/cowboys-receive-major-update-on-wr-ceedee-lamb-ahead-of-vikings-game-11197532
Article: After winning two straight in Weeks 12 and 13 against the Philadelphia Eagles and Kansas City Chiefs, Dallas fell last Thursday night, 44-30, to the Detroit Lions—and also lost star wide receiver CeeDee Lamb to a concussion in the third quarter after a hard landing on the turf. More news: Major Update Emerges on Andy Reid’s Future as Chiefs Head Coach Lamb still has to fully clear concussion protocol, but logging back-to-back practices — even in a limited capacity — is a positive sign. The Cowboys will certainly need him down the stretch, as they’ll likely have to win out to either climb into a Wild Card spot or keep pace with the Eagles for the top spot in the NFC East.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nfl/tom-brady-names-nfl-best-team-week-15-new-england-patriots-11198054
Article: The 2025 NFL season is set to enter Week 15 NFL action and Tom Brady along with the the rest of the media and fans are starting to get a better idea of who the top Super Bowl contenders are across the league. Read more: Bengals Under Fire Following Joe Burrow’s Brutal Admission While there are still some who don't buy New England and are expecting a postseason disappointment, there are others who truly do believe that the Patriots are legitimate and should be viewed as such. So far this season, Maye has completed 71.5 percent of his pass attempts for 3,412 yards, 23 touchdowns, and six interceptions in 13 games, while also running for 319 yards and two more scores.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/owner-rushes-dying-dog-to-600-vet-appointment-cant-believe-diagnosis-11197179
Article: A second person added: "Poor girl, she was so confused." Others shared similar stories: "Had the exact same with our dog after a walk about 7 years ago, vet said it happens more than you’d think." Many dogs will sleep off the effects, but owners should be warned that marijuana, even in the smallest dose, can be toxic to canines.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/hayward-ca-explosion-fire-san-francisco-latest-11198019
Article: Stuff fell off the walls and when we looked at the camera it was like you were watching a war video,” said Brittany Maldonado, who provided the footage to ABC7 News.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/mlb/blue-jays-sign-ex-phillies-reliever-after-forgettable-rangers-stint-11197782
Article: Everyone seemingly wants to play for the Toronto Blue Jays these days, but that takes on a different meaning for the many fringy pitchers trying to make the roster in spring training. The Blue Jays put everyone in the organization on notice this weekend when they outrighted Yariel Rodríguez, who signed a $32 million contract two offseasons ago, off the 40-man roster. No one's spot is guaranteed, but on the flip side, even those without guaranteed contracts will have a shot at making the team if they light it up in February and March. Michael Plassmeyer, a two-year major league veteran with the Philadelphia Phillies who spent the season in the minor leagues for the Texas Rangers, signed a minor-league contract with the Blue Jays, according to the transactions log on his official roster page. We don't yet know if Plassmeyer will throw a single game for the Blue Jays this season, but the beauty of baseball is that many of these signings wind up mattering, as every team's bullpen depth gets tested to the extreme over six months and 162 games.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nba/timberwolves-targeting-36-million-guard-to-pair-with-anthony-edwards-report-11197279
Article: Even though they’re in the NBA playoff picture, the Timberwolves still lack a reliable primary ball-handler capable of running the offense effectively when Anthony Edwards is taken out of the play. Against that backdrop, Chicago Sun-Times columnist Joe Cowley reported on Thursday that the Timberwolves have inquired on Chicago Bulls guard Coby White and "are not looking to wait until February and the trade deadline to get a deal done," believing they must address primary ball-handling sooner rather than later. Read More: Steve Nash Makes Michael Jordan Comparison to $285 Million NBA Superstar White is enjoying a career year in Chicago, leading the team with 22.1 points per game, along with 5.4 assists and 2.7 rebounds in 29.3 minutes, while providing catch-and-shoot spacing and a proven ability to create off the bounce. Read More: Bulls ‘Preparing’ to Make Blockbuster Trade for Anthony Davis: Report The Timberwolves’ backcourt depth chart includes Edwards (listed as a guard/wing but the team’s primary scoring creator), Donte DiVincenzo, Mike Conley, Jaylen Clark, Terrence Shannon Jr, and Bones Hyland. By contrast, the Bulls currently sit 9-14, 11th in the Eastern Conference and outside the playoff picture, another factor that could influence how the organization handles a 25-year-old asset like White.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/donald-trump-impeachment-articles-vote-2025-democrats-list-11197543
Article: The articles of impeachment filed by Representative Al Green, a Texas Democrat, were opposed by 23 Democrats while an additional 47 voted "present." The majority of House Democrats, 140 lawmakers, voted against tabling the resolutions. The resolution listed two articles: the first accused Trump of abusing presidential power by calling for the “execution of members of Congress” in response to a video posted by several Democratic lawmakers. The effort traditionally requires a comprehensive investigative process, the collection and review of thousands of documents, an exacting scrutiny of the facts, the examination of dozens of key witnesses, Congressional hearings, sustained public organizing and the marshaling of the forces of democracy to build a broad national consensus. None of that serious work has been done, with the Republican majority focused solely on rubber stamping Donald Trump’s extreme agenda," House Democratic Leader Hakeem Jeffries, Democratic Whip Katherine Clark and Democratic Caucus Chair Pete Aguilar said in a joint statement "We will be voting 'present' on today’s motion to table the impeachment resolution as we continue our fight to make life more affordable for everyday Americans," the top House Democrats added. In brief floor remarks after filing the articles of impeachment, Green said, "If ever there was a person who ought to be impeached, it's Donald John Trump." The Texas Democrat continued, "There are many people who don't want to see this happen; they don't want to vote for impeachment." "Well, there were people who didn't want to cross Edmund Pettus Bridge, but they marched on," he said.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/tyler-robinson-charlie-kirk-hearing-court-update-shooting-11197732
Article: Tyler Robinson, a 22-year-old Utah man accused of killing conservative activist Charlie Kirk, made his first in-person court appearance Thursday as his attorneys sought to further restrict media access in the closely watched case. A state judge is weighing the public’s right to transparency against concerns from Tyler Robinson’s defense team that intense media scrutiny could jeopardize his ability to receive a fair trial. Shortly after Robinson’s arrest, former President Donald Trump said, “With a high degree of certainty, we have him,” adding, “I hope he gets the death penalty.” Defense attorney Kathy Nester has argued that inaccurate depictions of Robinson already circulating online—including digitally altered photos showing him crying or behaving disruptively in court—demonstrate the risks of expanded media access and the spread of misinformation that could taint a jury pool.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/rory-mcilroy-helps-put-golf-atop-google-global-spotlight-11192865
Article: The five-time major winner ranked as the second most-searched athlete in the world, trailing only boxing champion Terence Crawford and ahead of NFL quarterback Shedeur Sanders in Google’s global athlete trends. Golf’s presence in Google’s sports lists was further underlined by the Ryder Cup featuring among the year’s most-searched sporting events, reflecting how McIlroy and Team Europe helped push the game into the digital spotlight.​ McIlroy’s huge 2025 season McIlroy delivered one of the defining campaigns of his career in 2025, finally completing the career grand slam with a dramatic Masters victory over Justin Rose in a playoff. He added PGA Tour titles at the AT&T Pebble Beach Pro-Am and The Players Championship, reinforcing his status as one of the sport’s dominant forces in regular-season events.​ On the DP World Tour, McIlroy won the Irish Open and the Race to Dubai for the seventh time, capped by a playoff loss to Matt Fitzpatrick at the DP World Tour Championship after a late eagle to extend the tournament. He also played a starring role in Europe’s historic away Ryder Cup win at Bethpage Black, earning 3.5 points and helping secure the team’s first road victory since 2012.​ ... 10 came on the back of his playoff loss to McIlroy at the Masters, a FedExCup Playoffs win, and a strong Ryder Cup performance for Europe.​ The Ryder Cup itself ranked fifth among the top global sporting events on Google, underscoring how team golf and its star players drove conversation beyond traditional leaderboards. The complete lists Global top 10 Terence Crawford (boxing) Rory McIlroy (golf) Shedeur Sanders (football) Shai Gilgeous-Alexander (basketball) Jalen Hurts (football) Manny Pacquiao (boxing) Alexander Ovechkin (ice hockey) Cooper Flagg (basketball) Stefon Diggs (football) Cam Skattebo (football) Top 10 in America Shedeur Sanders (football) Terence Crawford (boxing) Cooper Flagg (basketball) Cam Skattebo (football) Micah Parsons (football) Jaxson Dart (football) Sophie Cunningham (basketball) Shilo Sanders (football) Jalen Carter (football) Justin Rose (golf) Top 5 Global Sports Events FIFA Club World Cup (football) Asia Cup (cricket) ICC Champions Trophy (cricket) ICC Women's World Cup (cricket) Ryder Cup (golf) More Golf: Tommy Fleetwood Caps Dream Season with Career-Best World Ranking

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nfl/cam-newton-slap-face-indianapolis-colts-11197586
Article: With Daniel Jones lost to the season with an Achilles injury, head coach Shane Steichen called Rivers to see if he had any interest in helping the 8-5 Colts try to make a playoff push. He has not retired and said he does not intend to retire in the near future as he hopes to have an opportunity to join a team like Rivers did this week.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/betting/fanduel-promo-code-for-falcons-vs-bucs-scores-150-bonus-11197280
Article: Alternate lines, whether it be for the spread, total or even a prop bet, are great markets to consider: Baker Mayfield 125+ passing yards (-1800) Kirk Cousins 125+ passing yards (-1450) Mike Evans 10+ receiving yards (-1400) Bucky Irving 25+ rushing yards (-1600) Bijan Robinson 40+ rushing yards (-1200) Falcons +31.5 alternate spread (-50000) FanDuel TNF Trending Parlays FanDuel Sportsbook always provides new users with pre-made parlays based on what most users are betting on. Let's take a look at some of these trending betting markets: Bijan Robinson and Bucky Irving EACH score a touchdown, Baker Mayfield and Kirk Cousins EACH 175+ passing yards (+524) Buccaneers moneyline, Emeka Egbuka to score a touchdown, Baker Mayfield 225+ passing yards, Bijan Robinson 70+ rushing yards (+1002) Kyle Pitts 60+ receiving yards, Bijan Robinson 40+ receiving yards, Mike Evans 50+ receiving yards, Emeka Egbuka 70+ receiving yards (+2346) Bucky Irving, Bijan Robinson, Emeka Egbuka, Tyler Allgeier EACH score a touchdown (+3626) Activate FanDuel Promo Code Offer Click here and go through the registration process to get started with this offer. Let's go through the steps you will need to complete: Enter personal information to the required fields (Name, date of birth, address, email, phone number, etc.) Make a deposit with a secure payment method (Credit/debit card, online banking, PayPal account, etc.) Place your initial $5 bet on any market ant wait for it to settle If you win the $150 in bonuses, use them within one week before expiration Newsweek may earn an affiliate commission if you sign up through the links in this article.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/investigations/oninda-romelus-jail-interview-texas-mother/285-ccf00e5f-c398-4c67-b474-a3b5a496061e
Article: BRAZORIA COUNTY, Texas — A mother accused of shooting her four children — killing two of them — proclaimed her innocence in an exclusive KHOU 11 Investigates interview from inside the Brazoria County Jail. From jail, Romelus told KHOU 11 Investigative Reporter Jeremy Rogalski that she left her home in Montgomery County early that Saturday morning because she believed her ex was stalking her. "He has a long track record." She also claimed that her son had secretly taken her guns from their home when they left and that she didn’t realize he had them with him. "We believe that the evidence shows that this tragedy occurred inside the vehicle, and that Romelus, the mother of the children, is the shooter," Brazoria County Sheriff Bo Stallman said during an Oct. According to a charging document, Romelus allegedly told investigators her children were "with the devil" and that "instead of them doing it to me, I’m gonna do it to them." When investigators asked, "Do what?" the court document states Romelus responded: "Kill them all." When Rogalski asked Romelus about the alleged comments, she denied making them.

Link: https://abc7.com/videoClip/holiday-acres-christmas-tree-farm-cut/18276212/
Article: Traditions taking root at Holiday Acres Christmas Tree Farm MANVEL, Texas -- Rocky and Leigh Ann Smith say they are in the business of making memories that last a lifetime. "You wonder if it's worth it, and then we open, and then the families come, and they'll say, 'Thank you for doing this, thank you for having this place, it's such great memories for us.' And so, that really is so encouraging for us," Leigh Ann said.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cy5gq5klkrdo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Celebrity Race Across the World winners revealed Just now Share Save Ian Youngs Culture reporter Share Save BBC The four pairs of contestants had to make their way more than 3,500 miles through Central America Spoiler warning: This article reveals the winners of Celebrity Race Across the World. They beat EastEnders actress Molly Rainford and her fiancé, TV and radio host Tyler West; broadcaster Anita Rani and her dad Bal, and Derry Girls actor Dylan Llewellyn and his mum Jackie. Roman is know as co-host of BBC One's The One Show and Capital's former breakfast show DJ, while Harleymoon is a country singer who has been releasing music for five years.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/11/doj-letitia-james-trump-grand-jury.html
Article: New York Attorney General Letitia James speaks to the media, after she attended a hearing and pleaded not guilty to charges that she defrauded her mortgage lender, outside the U.S. Federal prosecutors on Thursday for the second time failed to convince a grand jury in Virginia to re-indict New York Attorney General Letitia James on criminal charges, according to multiple reports. The Department of Justice tried to obtain a new indictment of James over the past two weeks, after a federal judge dismissed the original indictment in the Eastern District of Virginia, charging her with bank fraud and making false statements to a financial institution in connection with a mortgage. James' indictment and another one in the same district against former FBI Director James Comey were both tossed out after Judge Cameron Currie ruled that Lindsey Halligan, the interim top prosecutor in the Eastern District, had been invalidly appointed to the post. James' defense lawyer, Abbe Lowell, in a statement said, "For the second time in seven days, the Department of Justice has failed in its clear attempt to fulfill President Trump's political vendetta against Attorney General James." "This unprecedented rejection makes even clearer that this case should never have seen the light of day," Lowell said.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/11/how-healthy-is-the-us-consumer-really-and-what-does-it-mean-for-investors.html
Article: In this Club Check-in, CNBC's Paulina Likos and Zev Fima tackle one of the biggest questions shaping the market right now: How healthy is the American consumer, and what does it mean for investors? While the S & P 500 gained roughly 1% over the past month, Club retail holdings, Costco and Home Depot , lagged significantly, down 4% and 5%, respectively, over the period. (See here for a full list of the stocks in Jim Cramer's Charitable Trust.) As a subscriber to the CNBC Investing Club with Jim Cramer, you will receive a trade alert before Jim makes a trade.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/video/newsfeed/2025/12/11/gazas-camps-brace-for-floods-as-israel-blocks-key-shelter-supplies?traffic_source=rss
Article: NewsFeed Gaza’s camps brace for floods as Israel blocks key shelter supplies Storm Byron is set to hit Gaza as nearly 1.5 million Palestinians shelter in flood-prone camps with little protection.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/sports/2025/12/11/palestine-defeated-by-saudi-arabia-in-fifa-arab-cup-qatar-2025-quarterfinal?traffic_source=rss
Article: Firas Al-Buraikan had given the Saudis a 58th-minute lead from the penalty spot, but Palestine – who earlier this year reached the AFC Asian Cup knockout stages for the first time – levelled six minutes later through Oday Dabbagh. The Saudi forward burst into the box via the inside right channel and squared his cross-come-shot that was only palmed away by Rami Hamada, who dived off his line but could only tip the ball towards the onrushing group of players. Al Buraikan, Al-Dawsari’s strike partner, looked certain for a simple tap-in to break the deadlock, but was denied at the last moment by a toe poke from Hamed Hamdan to concede a corner. Kanno’s header in extra time ended Palestine’s historic run, although Dabbagh spurned a wonderful chance on the volley in the closing seconds that could have taken the tie to penalties. Mohamed Moufid saw red in the 91st minute in the match played at Khalifa International Stadium, but his side held on to set up a semifinal meeting with the winner of the match between Algeria and the United Arab Emirates.

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/12/11/nx-s1-5640757/head-start-hhs-funding-dei
Article: Head Start centers told to avoid 'disability,' 'women' and more in funding requests toggle caption Rebecca Blackwell/AP Some Head Start early childhood programs are being told by the federal government to remove a list of nearly 200 words and phrases from their funding applications or they could be denied. The list came to light through the lawsuit as part of a recent declaration from the executive director of a Wisconsin-based Head Start program that has been receiving federal funding for over 50 years. One briefly explained that her grant application was being returned and instructed her to "please remove the following words from your application." The email contained a list of 19 words including "Racism," "Race" and "Racial." Shortly after that, Roe said in her declaration, she received a second email, this one from her assigned program specialist at HHS, who wrote: "I wanted to follow-up with you concerning your application. I sent it back asking for the removal of particular words and I wanted to provide you with the complete list of words to make sure are not in your applications." Included with that second email was a list of nearly 200 words and phrases titled: "Words to limit or avoid in government documents." Both emails were included in the suit, though the program specialist's name was redacted. In her declaration, Mary Roe said the word ban has put her in an "impossible situation" because the federal Head Start Act contains many of the words programs are now being told to avoid. Disability-rights advocates condemned the list, pointing out that many Head Start programs also receive federal funding through the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act specifically to identify and support young children with disabilities. "No administration can claim to support children with disabilities while banning the very word that protects them." Separate court documents related to this lawsuit also show that a Head Start program located on a Native American reservation was told to remove sections from its application that are necessary for the program to prioritize services for tribal members and their descendants – something allowed by federal law. In a January executive action, the White House said "illegal DEI and DEIA policies not only violate the text and spirit of our longstanding Federal civil-rights laws, they also undermine our national unity, as they deny, discredit, and undermine the traditional American values of hard work, excellence, and individual achievement in favor of an unlawful, corrosive, and pernicious identity-based spoils system." In March, the Office of Head Start sent an email to all grant recipients explaining that it would no longer approve funding requests for any activities "that promote or take part in diversity, equity, and inclusion (DEI) initiatives." Sponsor Message See the full declaration below.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/arts/6-best-video-games-of-2025-according-to-this-expert
Article: PBS News Hour’s Jeffrey Brown sat down with James Mastromarino, NPR’s gaming editor and producer for the show “Here & Now,” to talk about the releases that really stood out. NARRATIVE DRIVEN GAMES “Clair Obscur: Expedition 33” “It’s sort of like what you would get if you cross an existentialist novel with a French New Wave film and made it a video game with fantastical characters and this really lovable cast. It has so many twists and turns and is really trying to tell something that’s very heartfelt and compelling.” “Death Stranding 2: On the Beach” “Its designer, Hideo Kojima, has been making these games that really do feel like playable movies. So that’s a rather ambitious, really far-reaching kind of science fiction game.” MULTIPLAYER / CO-OP GAMES “Split Fiction” “A game about two writers that are thrown in this sort of virtual reality space based on their writings, but it’s exclusively playable by two people. I played a ton over the holidays.” PUZZLE / STRATEGY “Blue Prince” “So I’ve really loved a game called ‘Blue Prince.’ That’s like the regal prince, but it’s a pun with the sort of draft plans that you’d have for a house because the way it works is that you explore a mansion, building it room by room and exploring its secrets as you go.” “Strange Antiquities” “And then there’s another one called ‘Strange Antiquities,’ where you run an antiquary shop.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/11/lululemon-ceo-calvin-mcdonald-departing.html
Article: "Serving as CEO of lululemon has been the highlight of my career, and I am incredibly proud of everything our team has accomplished over the last seven years," McDonald said in a news release. I believe the outstanding product pipeline we've built, and action plan we've put into place, will yield positive results, and deliver value to shareholders in the months and years ahead." He said he is "committed to fully supporting the transition" through his advisory role. "As we look to the future, the Board is focused on identifying a leader with a track record of driving companies through periods of growth and transformation to guide the company's next chapter of success," said Morfitt. Two months ago, he took out a full page ad in the Wall Street Journal saying the company is "in a nosedive" and it needed to "stop chasing Wall Street at the expense of customers." Lululemon announced McDonald's departure on the same day it posted fiscal third-quarter earnings and another round of weak guidance.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/11/santolis-thursday-market-wrap-up-investors-say-fed-wont-smother-growth.html
Article: See today's video update from Mike above.) Follow-through from the dovish takeaway to Wednesday's Fed rate cut drives a high-torque rotation into economically sensitive assets, helping to offset another sell-down in secular-growth AI plays. As noted for weeks, the market has been pressing its bets on a reflationary reacceleration of the real economy into 2026, as "run-it-hot" policies kick in, companies lap the initial tariff impacts and the AI capex binge rages on. Whether this ultimately is proven correct by the economic performance next year (a similar bet failed in early 2025), there has been little in the Fed messaging, the earnings outlook or market action to push investors off this view. Whether the Fed intended to soothe the Street's anxieties of a "hawkish cut" or not, the net effect of raising 2026 growth estimates but still baking in another cut – and of Jay Powell's focus on overstated job-growth numbers and rising productivity estimates – enabled investors to conclude that the Fed is not intent on smothering growth or restraining the markets in service of a stale-looking 2% inflation target. The spark of enthusiasm in this part of the market arrived just in time to absorb another crisis-of-faith moment in the AI infrastructure complex, with Oracle 's so-so quarter and unpersuasive assurance about the financing of its multi-year AI cloud buildout pressuring the whole group.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/select/record-setting-cruise-year-protect-your-trip-travel-insurance/
Article: Here's why you should get cruise insurance in 2026 Travel insurance can cover weather and hurricane disruptions It can cover medical issues abroad and on board You may not be able to avoid air travel issues, but you can get protection for them Travel insurance can cover weather and hurricane disruptions Travel insurance won't cover your trip if you decide to cancel because of rainy conditions. Add-ons include Cancel for Any Reason coverage and a travel inconvenience benefit Cancel For Any Reason coverage Add-on to Worldwide Trip Protector Deluxe or Platinum plan that reimburses 75% of nonrefundable costs when purchased within 21 days of initial trip payment Pre-existing condition waiver Available if policy is purchased within 21 days of initial trip deposit. Nationwide Travel Insurance is one of our top picks for those wanting pre-existing condition coverage, as it has a generous 21-day window from booking to buy a policy and still receive a waiver. Cancel For Any Reason coverage Add-on to Prime plan that reimburses 75% of nonrefundable trip costs if purchased within 21 days of booking (Not available in New York or Washington state) Pre-existing condition waiver Available with single-trip plan purchased within 20 days of initial trip deposit (14 days for cruise insurance) You may not be able to avoid air travel issues, but you can get protection for them Booking a cruise also typically involves booking a flight to a port. Faye Travel Insurance Learn More Policy highlights One single-trip plan with optional add-ons for pet care, adventure sports and damage to vacation rentals Cancel For Any Reason coverage Up to 75% reimbursement of nonrefundable trip costs if purchased within 14 days of initial trip deposit. While CNBC Select earns a commission from affiliate partners on many offers and links, we create all our content without input from our commercial team or any outside third parties, and we pride ourselves on our journalistic standards and ethics. Editorial Note: Opinions, analyses, reviews or recommendations expressed in this article are those of the Select editorial staff’s alone, and have not been reviewed, approved or otherwise endorsed by any third party.

Link: https://www.morningbrew.com/stories/2025/12/11/last-minute-gift-guide?utm_source=&utm_medium=syndication&utm_campaign=feed
Article: Online learning Audiobooks Some audiobooks are actually better than their print versions (self-narrated memoirs, for instance), not to mention, they’re ideal for commuters and runners who can’t hold a paperback on the go. Buy now Japanese snack subscription If you know someone who went to Japan and can’t stop talking about it, this Japanese snack box subscription will make them feel like they’re back at the conbini. Buy now Disposable camera When you truly do not have two hours to shop, give the task to DoorDash and select something they can find locally, like this simple disposable camera.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/india-redistricting-map-donald-trump-11193971
Article: Redistricting could have a major impact on upcoming elections, including the November 2026 midterms, which will affect the balance of power in Congress and, in turn, Trump's ability to carry out his agenda. What People Are Saying President Donald Trump wrote on Wednesday on Truth Social: "If Republicans will not do what is necessary to save our Country, they will eventually lose everything to the Democrats." “Every other State has done Redistricting,” Trump wrote, claiming Indiana is the lone outlier because Bray “enjoys being the only person… who is against Republicans picking up extra seats.” What Happens Next While redistricting has failed in Indiana for now, other efforts to redistrict states like Virginia and Maryland are ongoing, in what could shake up the political terrain ahead of the November 2026 midterms.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/recall-primark-baby-product-refund-clip-11197964
Article: Around 1,330 units will be affected by this recall, all of which were sold at Primark stores in the Northeast, Florida, Maryland and Illinois from June 2025 through August 2025.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nfl/seattle-seahawks-strong-sam-darnold-warning-colts-11198420
Article: "While quarterback Sam Darnold has been an upgrade over Geno Smith in virtually every way,” Henderson wrote, “Darnold leads the NFL with 16 turnovers despite operating the NFL's most run-heavy offense.” Having a turnover-prone quarterback can come back to bite a team. When you step into that arena and you can play that game in slow motion physically and mentally, that’s how you separate yourself.” At this point in time, Seattle can only hope that the duo of Darnold and Smith-Njigba, along with the rest of the offense, can limit their turnovers moving forward.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/ncaa/notre-dame-gets-good-news-on-marcus-freemans-nfl-pursuit-11197916
Article: More news: Alabama’s Kalen DeBoer to ‘Factor’ in Michigan Head Coach Search: Report His ability to motivate and coach players has been readily apparent, to the point that NFL teams are taking notice, and Notre Dame will have some competition for his coaching future. In 2024, Freeman was linked to the Chicago Bears' opening before they hired Ben Johnson, though he is now a prominent name in discussions for the Titans and Giants jobs. Regarding the Titans' job search, Notre Dame can breathe a sigh of relief as Jonathan Jones of CBS Sports reports that they are looking for a coach with NFL experience, namely, head coaching experience. "I would say not the Tennessee Titans who are going to go, I believe, with someone with some, first of all, not only NFL coaching experience, but NFL head coaching experience. "That seems to be the way things will be moving in Nashville." More news: Michigan Makes Shocking Decision on Head Coach Sherrone Moore’s Future The Titans' job is one of the least desirable, given how bad the team has been this season and the amount of work needed for notable improvement. Notre Dame athletic director Pete Bevacqua has been on the front foot regarding interest in Freeman, claiming that the head coach's contract will be updated annually to ensure he is among the highest-paid coaches. I make sure that he knows that he will be where he deserves to be, and that is at the top, top, top tier of college football coaches when it comes to compensation every year." More news: Matt Campbell Sends Message on Penn State’s Recruiting Struggles For more college football news, head to Newsweek Sports.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/letitia-james-indictment-charges-donald-trump-grand-jury-11197919
Article: New York Attorney General Letitia James landed a legal victory on Thursday when a grand jury declined to re-indict her after a judge last month dismissed mortgage fraud charges brought against her by the Justice Department at President Donald Trump's behest, the Associated Press reported. According to the AP, citing a source, the Justice Department asked a grand jury in Alexandria, Virginia, to return the indictment after a grand jury in Norfolk, Virginia, refused to. The case has drawn national scrutiny because of James’ high-profile role, her frequent clashes with Trump and wider concerns over the use of federal law enforcement as a potential political tool. No company or individual wants to be there, knowing that she’s the 'Attorney General.' She is a Complete and Total Disaster, who tried running against Kathy Hochul for Governor, and only got 1% of the Vote in Polls, and QUIT. Until this 'SCUM' is removed from the Attorney General’s Office, no company will move to New York, and few companies will be using the New York Stock Exchange, or NASDAQ, for going Public. Attorney and legal analyst Barbara McQuade told Newsweek on Thursday: "The government’s stubborn persistence in seeking an indictment when the facts clearly do not support probable cause should concern all of us, but it is gratifying to see ordinary citizens taking their role as grand jurors seriously. But it’s hard to move on when the boss wants to get revenge." Trial lawyer David Siegel, on X on Thursday: "I think this meets the definition of insanity." This is a developing story that will be updated with additional information.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/betting/betr-promo-code-newsweek-get-210-bonus-for-falcons-bucs-nba-nfl-picks-11197174
Article: under 9.5 fantasy points When you have made your selections, you will have to decide how much you want to risk for your initial entry and choose a dynamic or perfect play. You can use one of these for each of the entries you make: Bijan Robinson over 104.5 rushing + receiving yards Bucky Irving over 44.5 rushing + receiving yards Baker Mayfield over 0.5 passing yards Tyler Allgeier over 0.5 touchdowns Emeka Egbuka over 0.5 touchdowns Bijan Robinson over 15.5 rushing yards Kirk Cousins over 99.5 passing yards Zane Gonzalez over 2.5 field goals made David Sills over 0.5 touchdowns Chase McLaughlin over 3.5 field goals made Start New Account With Betr Promo Code NEWSWEEK Click here or on any of our other links to start your new account with this welcome offer. You will then just have to follow these directions: Enter the code NEWSWEEK Input basic identifying information (Name, date of birth, mailing address, etc.) Make a deposit to get up to $200 in bonuses from the 50% deposit match offer (Credit card, debit card, online banking, etc.) Start making your picks for tonight's Falcons-Buccaneers game or any other event Decide how much you want to risk and choose a perfect or dynamic play for your first entry Newsweek may earn an affiliate commission if you sign up through the links in this article.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/entertainment/video-games/gta-6-rumors-swirl-about-new-trailer-dropping-at-the-game-awards-11197971
Article: While a slew of fans across the world are anticipating possible news — any news — on the game that was supposed to release earlier this year but was delayed, there is hope that Rockstar might give the fans something to look forward to on a night that is all about surprises in the video game world. The first trailer of the game saw it smash all records for anything non-music on YouTube, with over 40 million people from around the world getting a glimpse at the game fans have been anticipating for a decade. Current rumors and reports across the media landscape don’t expect Rockstar to announce or premiere anything related to their kingpin game on Thursday, as they would rather build their own content timeline independently, without paying the rumored $1 million fee for a trailer on the show. GTA6 fans, however, will still be tuning in to see if the reports are wrong and Rockstar drops the biggest surprise bombshell to end the 2025 year in video games.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/harvard-med-exec-private-dollars-cant-fill-federal-funding-gaps-access-health-11198265
Article: Just to name a few, Sanford Health ($300 million), Boston Children’s Hospital ($100 million), the University of Maryland Medical System ($50 million), Dartmouth Health ($42 million from the community in Cheshire, New Hampshire, including $25 million from a single donor), Lurie Children’s Hospital ($11 million), Children’s Minnesota ($5 million) and Mount Sinai Kravis Children’s Hospital ($3 million) have all reported major donations for specific care improvement projects in the past month. He told me that the county’s demographics made the case for expansion unmistakable: over 3 million people live in Orange County, and the cancer incidence rate is forecasted to increase nearly 20 percent in the next decade. I mean, we've raised over $200 million just in the last couple of years to support Orange County.” “It wouldn't have been feasible without the community in Orange County coming together in saying, we need subspecialty care, we need clinical trials and we need an organization that is going to treat patients with dignity,” Stone continued. And many of them look at how they can create networks and create access for people who wouldn't otherwise have access.” City of Hope has expanded from its home base in California to Chicago and Atlanta with the help of donor funds, and also gives a share away to other organizations that are working on similar projects, Stone said. In Other News Major health care headlines from the week The former CEO of UnitedHealth Group has been called to consult on a deal between Fairview Health Services and the University of Minnesota, the the Star Tribune reported. William McGuire, who led UnitedHealth Group from 1991 to 2006, and Lois Qualm, who served as president and CEO of Blue Shield California from January to March of this year, to help broker an agreement between two major health care organizations in the state. At stake is Fairview’s current $100 million annual contribution to the University’s academic health center—funding that Fairview says is increasingly unsustainable and the University argues should be closer to $200 million based on peer institutions’ receipts. The funding from the New York State Office of Mental Health will support “Critical Time Intervention teams,” including nurses, social workers, care managers, mental health professionals and peer specialists, for five years. The CEO of a California home health agency was arrested for alleged billing fraud while trying to board an international flight, according to according to NBC Bay Area Cashmir Chinedu Luke is the CEO of Four Corners Health, which provides in-home nursing and support care for elderly veterans across several counties in the Bay Area. Alexa Kimball, president and CEO of Harvard Medical Faculty Physicians at Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center, which employs more than 2,400 physicians and providers and recently surpassed $1 billion in annual revenue. It's good at synthesizing information, and I can certainly see a role for AI in creating study reports and even template protocols that, again, will need people with expertise to review them. I think the more exciting element is, can AI help us in synthesizing patient information [and] real-world evidence to start to look for patterns or other things that might be interesting? If I didn't need a medical student to do that—which is classically how that work gets done—and could just put them into AI and let it start to synthesize that for me, that would be incredibly powerful. So I do worry about the cohort of researchers that is currently graduating college or graduate programs, who may no longer see a science pathway that is obvious for them, or are seeing in the news that this is going to be really hard. The two places people look when there [are] funding shortfalls are collaborations and philanthropy—and this was not my quote, but it was a quote I heard at a meeting—the federal government funds things in the scope of trillions, and philanthropy works in the scope of billions. Executive Edge How health care execs are managing their own health No matter how solid my routines are in the first three-quarters of the year, they always start to break down around November. Nicholas Bernthal on the importance of routines for professional athletes (you may recall Bernthal, a pediatric orthopedic surgeon and the interim chair and executive medical director at the David Geffen School of Medicine at UCLA, from this Olympic-era interview). Here’s what he told her—and it’s a solid reminder for all busy bees, whether you’re in the NFL or the OR: "As we all physically perform in our lives– chasing our kids, performing surgery or chasing down a running back– our body is willing and able to push beyond expectation if, and only if, it is trained accordingly, and given the preparation and recovery it needs before and after." “Routines allow preparation, rest and recuperation – thereby providing the scaffolding for excellence." What does your pre-work routine look like, and how are you maintaining it this holiday season?

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/list-republicans-trying-force-mike-johnson-aca-subsidies-vote-11197076
Article: While the Senate rejected legislation to extend Affordable Care Act tax credits, which are set to expire at the end of 2025, and many analysts say would trigger steep premium hikes for many marketplace enrollees, several House Republicans are still pressing to extend the tax credits. Republicans have said that the ACA plans are too costly and should be revamped, while Democrats have supported their continuation, at least temporarily, as they are set to expire on January 1. At least six Republicans have signed the petition, which was co-authored by Fitzpatrick and Representative Jared Golden, a Maine Democrat, to extend expiring credits for two years and to institute new eligibility requirements. They deserve a concrete solution now — not promises of one later." Over two dozen House members have signed onto their discharge petition, including 11 Republicans: Representative Brian Fitzpatrick Representative Michel Lawler Representative Robert Bresnahan Representative Ryan Mackenzie Representative Kevin Kiley Representative Don Bacon Representative Nick LaLota Representative David Valadao Representative Marjorie Taylor Greene Representative Jefferson Van Drew Representative Jennifer Kiggans The move comes as Representative Josh Gottheimer, a New Jersey Democrat, filed another discharge petition pushing for a vote on a one-year extension. Thirty-three House members have signed on, including over 10 Republicans: Representative Jennifer Kiggans Representative Michael Lawler Representative David Valadao Representative Ryan Mackenzie Representative Brian Fitzpatrick Representative Nick LaLota Representative Kevin Kiley Representative Jefferson Van Drew Representative Robert Bresnahan Representative Don Bacon Representative Marjorie Taylor Greene Historically, there have been very few discharge petitions that have actually moved forward and forced a bill to a vote, with the release of Jeffrey Epstein files as the most recent example. You know, [when] all those remedies are exhausted, then you’ve got to go this route, unfortunately.” Representative Vicente Gonzalez, a Texas Democrat, said in an X post on Thursday: "If Republican leadership refuses to give House members the opportunity to protect ACA tax credits for millions of Americans, then we will force their hand. Let's get it done." Representative Mike Lawler, a New York Republican, said in an X post on Wednesday: "I just signed a discharge petition to advance forward bipartisan legislation to extend the ACA enhanced premium tax credits for 2-years, inclusive of significant insurance reforms, income limits, PBA reforms, and HSA expansion.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/ncaa/alabama-insider-drops-big-update-on-kalen-deboers-coaching-future-11197690
Article: But right now, all the discussion about him is not if Alabama can recreate the empire left by arguably the greatest college coach of all time, Nick Saban, but if DeBoer will be heading up north by the time the calendar flips to 2026. After the shocking firing of former Michigan Wolverines head coach Sherrone Moore, DeBoer, in his second year as Crimson Tide head coach, instantly became the top target to take over his job. While the buzz around Alabama states that he might be thinking about making the jump following two stressful years under the largest microscope in college sports, Bama247 senior writer Alex Scarborough believes that the rumors are being overblown. More news: Lane Kiffin, LSU Linked to 4,000-Yard QB in Massive Transfer Portal Move Scarborough doesn’t think there is fire to all the smoke surrounding the possibility DeBoer would bolt from Tuscaloosa to Ann Arbor. He believes that DeBoer, who led Alabama to the SEC championship game and finished with a 10-3 record, is focused not only on the near future of the program with a matchup against Oklahoma, but also on building his own dynasty with the Crimson Tide.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nfl/chiefs-chris-jones-makes-strong-patrick-mahomes-statement-with-season-on-the-line-11198039
Article: The Kansas City Chiefs, three-time defending AFC champions, sit at 6-7 and third in the AFC West after a 20-10 home loss to the Houston Texans, a defeat that pushed Kansas City onto the edges of the playoff conversation. "I don't think (we're) down because we're all competitors at the end of the day, and even though this is new territory for us, we still have an opportunity," Jones said. "Listen, we got Pat Mahomes, man, let's be honest here, we always have a chance." The Chiefs’ path to the playoffs is unusually steep this year, yet Mahomes remains the team’s clearest reason for optimism. Read More: Shedeur Sanders Viewed as Major Threat for Prestigious NFL Award On the other side of the ball, Jones continues to anchor the Chiefs’ defensive front, though this season has been a down one statistically—four sacks and 22 total tackles in 13 games. Looking ahead, the Chiefs enter their most critical stretch of the regular season, beginning with a tough divisional test Sunday against the Los Angeles Chargers (9–4), followed by a road trip to Tennessee (2-11), a home game against Denver (11-2), and a Week 18 matchup with the Raiders (2-11) in Las Vegas. With three of those four contests coming against AFC West opponents — and two against playoff contenders — every game will be pivotal for Mahomes, Jones, and the Chiefs as they fight to keep their dynasty intact.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nfl/joe-burrow-concerning-comparison-ominous-comments-nfl-future-11197271
Article: The 2025 NFL season has tested the resilience of Cincinnati Bengals quarterback Joe Burrow following a lengthy bout with turf toe, which seems to have him reflecting on the longevity of his career. Burrow is set to take part in just his fifth game of the season in the team's Week 15 matchup against the Baltimore Ravens after being forced to miss a nine-game stretch with his turf toe injury. Upon returning as the Bengals starter, Burrow has opened up about having to wear custom cleats with a carbon fiber plate to help support his right foot, which has been quite uncomfortable for him. More news: Chiefs, Patrick Mahomes Face Concerning Injury News Before Chargers Game Rehabbing his plethora of serious injuries over the years appears to be taking a toll on Burrow so much so that he told reporters on Wednesday that he is trying to "have fun" playing football again. Discussing Burrow's comments during an appearance on the "Up & Adams Show" on Thursday, former Indianapolis Colts interim head coach Bruce Arians couldn't help but compare the Bengals star to former Colts star Andrew Luck based on their shared admission of losing the joy of playing football due to injuries. He's used to winning." More news: NFL MVP Upset Colts Didn’t Reach Out Amid Phillip Rivers Signing It's hard not to see the similarities in the careers of Burrow and Luck on paper.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/blue-jays-want-bo-bichette-back-says-john-schneider-11198034
Article: Toronto still needs to add to the offense, and the two most prominent names linked to the organization this offseason have been homegrown star Bo Bichette and four-time All-Star outfielder Kyle Tucker. On Wednesday, Blue Jays manager John Schneider was a guest on "Foul Territory" and acknowledged that Toronto wants to add a bat and noted that the club would "love" to have Bichette back. I think that what he does for our lineup and our clubhouse is kind of underrated and undervalued when you have a guy like Vladimir Guerrero Jr., who is signed long-term. Make sure we have another bat there." This isn't the first time that a representative from the Blue Jays organization has made it clear that the club will be in Bichette's market.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/south-korean-star-rejects-liv-golf-bid-remains-pga-tour-11192614
Article: Kim's representatives talked to the South Korean media outlet Maeil Business Newspaper confirming the player's decision: “It is true that Si Woo Kim, like many Korean players, has been offered a recruitment. Si Woo Kim and the rumors related to LIV Golf Golf news media Flushing It reported on Wednesday that Kim was in “late-stage negotiations” to sign with LIV and join the Iron Heads GC franchise ahead of the 2026 season.​ According to Flushing It’s report, league sources were confident that a deal would be completed, with Kim expected to join Iron Heads GC as part of broader changes to the team's structure and branding. "Si Woo Kim’s potential deal with LIV Golf would be to take equity in the rebranded Becko East GC (Ironheads GC), stripping Kevin Na of his captaincy," Flushing It posted on X. "Sources indicate the hold up is due to Si Woo wanting to bring in his own players, with only Danny Lee’s position being secure for the 2026 season out of the current lineup." However, the Flushing It report made it clear that no deal had been reached yet. Why South Korea matters LIV is hosted its first South Korean event in 2025 at Jack Nicklaus Golf Club Korea, part of a wider push into Asian markets and a new partnership with local streaming and e-commerce powerhouse Coupang Play. South Korea features one of Asia’s largest and most engaged golf audiences, with more than 500 courses and a deep track record of producing world-class talent, making a homegrown star like Kim a potential cornerstone for the league’s expansion.​ Kim’s profile and impact Kim’s resume includes four PGA Tour victories, highlighted by his historic win at TPC Sawgrass at age 21 and strong showings in team competitions, making him one of South Korea’s most recognizable male golfers. His move would have provided LIV with a proven winner in his prime, who could have attracted local fans and sponsors while the circuit expanded its presence in Korea.​ Sungjae Im quashes rumors It was also reported that another high-profile South Korean PGA Tour player, alongside Kim, was linked to LIV Golf, prompting speculation about two-time PGA Tour winner Sungjae Im.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nba/warriors-anthony-davis-mavericks-trade-steph-curry-draymond-green-11197393
Article: The Golden State Warriors are prime candidates to make a move ahead of the NBA's trade deadline in early February and considering Stephen Curry turns 38 years old later this season, the franchise figures to swing for the fences. However, the time may have arrived for Golden State to jump on the opportunity to put another star-level offensive player alongside Curry and Jimmy Butler for the final stages of what has been a dynastic run spanning more than a decade in the Bay Area. In this case, he goes to the rival Lakers to supply the shooting threat they need." Pelton questioned whether breaking up the Curry-Green duo would actually be worth it, making the case for the deal from how much stronger the Warriors' offense would be inside-to-outside by swapping Green out for Davis.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/mlb/yankees-fans-get-discouraging-update-on-npb-free-agents-11197790
Article: "After talking with a few Japanese media members the feeling I got from them is the Yankees are not in play on any of the Japanese players coming over to the states," wrote Beauchamp on X on Thursday.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nfl/vikings-legend-doesnt-hold-back-on-jj-mccarthys-struggles-11198231
Article: In fact, Hall of Fame wide receiver Cris Carter believes that despite getting “very average quarterback play” out of McCarthy this season, the team is tied to him for the foreseeable future because they invested the No. McCarthy was going to be their guy, and that’s not going to stop at the end of the season.” It’s no secret McCarthy has had his share of injury concerns. More News: Jaxson Dart Has Strong Reaction to Lane Kiffin Leaving Ole Miss Before CFP But even when he has been healthy, McCarthy has done little to inspire the coaching staff to believe they’ve found their long-term answer under center.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/betting/use-bet365-bonus-code-week365-for-150-falcons-vs-buccaneers-bonus-11196002
Article: When you get started with a new account using the bet365 bonus code WEEK365, you will have the opportunity to unlock a $150 bonus offer or a $1,000 first bet safety net in time for tonight's Falcons-Buccaneers game. If you prefer the safety net, wager up to $1,000 on any market knowing that you will get your stake refunded in the form of a bonus if your bet loses. There is perhaps no better way to activate this offer than by betting $5 on a bet boost for tonight's game: Buccaneers moneyline, Baker Mayfield 225+ passing yards and 2+ passing touchdowns, Emeka Egbuka to score a touchdown (+390 boosted to +450) Kirk Cousins 200+ passing yards, Bijan Robinson 50+ receiving yards and a touchdown (+375 boosted to +450) With the safety net, bet any amount up to $1,000 on any market. In-App Offers With Bet365 Make sure to survey the in-app offers before you place any additional bets tonight: Falcons-Buccaneers 50% Boost: Get a 50% profit boost for a Falcons-Buccaneers SGP Falcons-Buccaneers 20 Spins: Get 20 spins when you place a $20 wager on Falcons-Buccaneers NHL 30% SGP Boost: Get a 30% profit boost for a SGP on any NHL game tonight NFL Early Payout: Get a winning payout for a moneyline bet on Falcons-Buccaneers if your team goes up by 17 points NBA Instant Payout: Get a winning payout for a moneyline bet on any NBA game tonight if your team goes up by 20 points Steps To Unlock Bet365 Bonus Code WEEK365 Offer Complete these steps to get set up with this offer from bet365: to go to the landing page Click here to go to the landing page Enter the bonus code WEEK365 Input identifying information (Legal name, birth date, mailing address, etc.) Make a deposit with a compatible payment method (Credit/debit card, online banking, etc.) Place your first bet to activate your desired offer from bet365 Use any bonus bets you receive within one week before they expire Newsweek may earn an affiliate commission if you sign up through the links in this article.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/federal-agent-kidnapped-minnesota-hsi-operation-11197711
Article: The agent, working with Homeland Security Investigations (HSI), was held in a suspect's car for a short period on Wednesday afternoon, before officers from the New Hope and Plymouth Police Departments arrived. Why It Matters The incident comes at a time of heightened tensions in Minnesota, as the state became the latest target for President Donald Trump’s immigration crackdown, focusing on the Somali community. What To Know A police report shared with Newsweek by Plymouth Police Department showed that local law enforcement was alerted to “a kidnapping of a federal agent” at around 2:50 p.m. Confirming the incident, Plymouth PD insisted that it had no prior knowledge of a federal operation in the area, and that local police do not get involved with DHS activities. The details of the HIS operation were not immediately clear, but the Minneapolis area has become another focal point of federal immigration enforcement in recent weeks, following allegations that federal benefit programs have been subjected to fraudulent activity linked to Somali groups in the area. Last week, the Department of Homeland Security said in a news release that agents with ICE had arrested “some of the worst of the worst criminal illegal aliens” since it launched Operation Metro Surge in the Minneapolis area. What People Are Saying Plymouth Police Department, in a statement to Newsweek: “The Plymouth Police Department does not engage in federal immigration enforcement and is typically not notified of federal operations. The department’s focus is on serving and protecting Plymouth residents, and responding to the everyday needs of those who call 911 for service.” What's Next DHS has yet to comment on the incident, but federal authorities are likely to take over the case due to the involvement of the HSI agent.

Link: https://www.newsweek.com/sports/nfl/packers-matt-lafleur-gives-concerning-josh-jacobs-update-broncos-11197930
Article: The Green Bay Packers are preparing for another challenging opponent as they face quarterback Bo Nix and the Denver Broncos in Week 15, but they may not have one of their best players available. "He's been battling through it," LaFleur said Thursday, adding, "More than likely, he will not be out there today either, so we'll see how he's feeling tomorrow and kind of go from there." That prompted a follow-up question about whether the Packers coach had any concerns about his availability to play in Sunday's game.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/local/dallas-county/hms-ceo-known-for-bless-your-heart-tv-ads-ordered-pay-57m-lawsuit-alleging-sexual-harassment-assault/287-b69d774b-c267-42d2-b99a-a9d93f6a5d9c
Article: DALLAS — A Dallas judge has ordered Home Marketing Services (HMS) CEO Robert "Bob" Lovell, who is known for TV ads with the tagline "Bless your heart," to pay $5,740,095 in damages, fees and interest to a woman who sued him, alleging sexual harassment and sexual assault in the workplace, court records show. The lawsuit was filed in Dallas County in 2021 by a woman identified only as "Jane Doe," who alleged Lovell, the founder and longtime owner of HMS, required her to perform sexual acts on him in the workplace while she worked at HMS over the span of two years and retaliated against her when she refused, according to court documents. "When demanding sexual favors from his female employees, Lovell uses the code phrase 'my zipper is tight,' 'I need help with my zipper.' Recently, Jane Doe stood up to Lovell and refused...In retaliation, within minutes, Lovell cancelled Plaintiff daughter’s health insurance." Last month, after six days of trial, a judge ruled in favor of the woman and ordered Lovell to pay $5,740,095 in damages, fees, and interest, court records show. The Rogge Dunn Group, which represented the woman in the case, said the ruling marks the third-largest sexual harassment judgment ever in Texas for a single plaintiff, and the first time an individual Texas business owner or employee has been held personally liable under a law signed by Gov.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/education/schools/lake-worth-isd-takeover/287-2209b3fb-1cdf-4d5d-9451-5686d58ec846
Article: In a letter to Lake Worth ISD's superintendent and board of trustees, TEA Commissioner Mike Morath wrote that he was ordering the appointment of a board of managers and a conservator to oversee the district after TEA conducted an analysis of district data and vetted its systems, leadership and student results. Marilyn Miller Language Academy was notified in June 2025 that it was required to put the approved Campus Turnaround Plan in place during the upcoming school year, and could submit plan updates to the TEA. But then, that same year, the school earned its fifth consecutive unacceptable rating, a rating of 'F.' That same year, Morath wrote that every campus in the district earned a rating of either an F or a C. "Unacceptable academic performance in a single year represents significant academic weakness – typically less than one-third of students in those campuses reach grade level and less than one-half of students on those campuses demonstrate a year’s worth of academic growth," Morath wrote. Multi-year unacceptable ratings represent a school district’s most fundamental mission failure and a complete inability to take necessary action to provide a high quality education for students." Morath wrote that Lake Worth ISD has also shown a chronic inability to support students to achieve and learn at high levels, with only 24% of students across all district students meeting grade level, 28% below the state average. Ultimately, the Lake Worth ISD school board has, collectively, through action and inaction over many years, failed its students." Members of the board of managers for Lake Worth ISD will be named at a future time, Morath added. The board will consist of community residents "who are committed to governing effectively to support positive change for the students of the district." Any residents interested in applying to the board can learn more about it here.

